 This is a really outstanding product . I have n't used all the attachments but I have used the AA and the AAA batteries included . I think they have excellent charge retention and enough juice to power modern camera flashes . The charger may seem a little complicated but the included instructions make everything clear.The power adapter on this model was under a recall program and La Crosse technology sent me a new power adapter very promptly . Double thumbs up for excellent service . -------- Edit
 I purchased this unit based on it 's review . The unit is defective . I came home and noticed a button on the unit was now lodged within the unit . When I checked further , I found that the unit had melted the button that resets the battery function in one of the slots . From other late reviews it seems as if they have a problem with the unit 's design causing a flaw . DO N'T BUY THIS THING .
 This is a great charger - BUT - I used it only once and the button # 4 sunk halfway in . The insides started melting already ! See the pictures I posted . BTW , this was a V32 charger if it makes any difference.And I really wanted to keep this one ...
 I like the features on this charger , and it is kind of useful that it is so small . However , there is a major issue with this device . The select button for the 3rd bay got stuck in after just 3 uses . I had to take it apart to fix it and when I did I found that the buttons are poorly engineered . They are plastic and have these very long shafts molded into the middle of the button that come to a point to depress the corresponding pad on the IC board to perform the function . The problem is , when you press it , the plastic deforms and the tip bends , permanently sinking the button down into the housing . I pulled the device apart and straightened it with needle nose pliers . It sticks up farther than it did when it broke , yet lower than the other 3 cell selection buttons . I could n't believe this had this problem after just three uses.Be warned
 Write it up -- another melted BC-9009 . I contacted Amazon.com for a return and they told me the item was already under review AGAIN . The Maha C9000 seems to be the charger of choice if you do n't want to stink up your house with a melting POS .
 HI ! I bought this a couple of months ago . Let me tell you all the problems I found :1 -RRB- Changing its operating mode is NOT done in a `` scientific way ''
 As with many other reviewers , I had a meltdown after only a few days use . One of the LCD screens turned black and the 1 position button sank down . I was lucky enough to be home when it happened , but one of my batteries was already very hot when I interrupted the charge . I 'm not sure if the battery would have just exploded , or if a fire would have started , but I 'm happy I did n't find out . Needless to say I returned the charger and asked for a refund rather than an exchange -LRB- which Amazon was very good about -RRB- . The only comparable alternative chargers seem to be the Maha MH-C9000 and the La Crosse BC-700 . I looked into the Maha MH-C9000 , but the price and clunky user interface did n't impress me . The La Crosse BC-700 , however , has the same user interface and the BC-9009 , and I was n't able to find any reports of meltdowns on the internet . The only -LRB- possible -RRB- downside is the lack of extras and a lower charge rate , but since I already have rechargeables , and prefer to charge them around 200 mAh , the BC-700 should suit me fine .
 The charger is flimsier than it looks -LRB- feels like cheap plastic -RRB- . I loved the features , but both units I bought -LRB- one for me and my sister -RRB- died after a year or so . My sister 's made her brand new batteries melt .
 I just received my charger yesterday - it 's version 32 which has been reported to suffer from overheating problems , with some risks of fire hazards.Version 33 has been available for a few months - why does Amazon ship older , inferior versions where there are known to be problems ? I will likely try to exchange , but return email advised me to purchase a 2nd unit & return the 1st - seems that there 's a good chance I 'll get the same version again .
 In three from six devices no adapter.Unfortunately i work in a remote location overseas so am unable to return the item.Very disapointed in the lack of Quality control.I am surprised they are still sending defective units.I do not recommend to buy these understaffed devices .
 I left more feedback under the top negative review titled `` Customer service a joke - possible unsafe product `` Subtract 2 stars because this charger will not charge batteries that are dead or have a very low charge . Batteries much first be charged with another charger and brought up to minimum level before this charger can register them -LRB- otherwise you get a NULL reading when they are inserted -RRB- . Subtract 2 more points for rude customer service rep who clearly needs a lesson in manners and etiquette on treatment of customers over the phone . Got rude when I wasnt open to her suggestion that I BUY another charger -LRB- abet $ 1 -RRB- to charge the battery -LRB- included with their $ 40 charger -RRB- that was giving a NULL reading .
 I 'm a self proclaimed tech geek . I love gadgets and can usually pick something up and master it within minutes . I read the instructions , and was operating the BC-900 correctly , but it just did n't want to perform . I could n't get it to fully charge the batteries it came with . One stopped at around 300mA , one at 1750mA , and the other two stayed around 2100mA for a few hours before I decided this charger was n't for me . I 've switched to the Sanyo Eneloop precharged so look for my review on those if I every get them to run down so I can charge them with the Sanyo charger .
 The AAA batteries that come with this unit have awful performance . They do not hold a charge for very long at all . I used them in my MP3 player and only received about 4 hours of play time versus 10 hours with regular alkaline AAA batteries . Also , one AAA battery failed to charge about 20 cycles and another failed after about 30 cycles .
 I bought one charger , had the same melting issues with the buttons and the screen going dark , sent it back to Amazon and got a replacement , and had the exact same thing happen again . I 've tried several types of batteries . The charger got great reviews , but it really is junk in its current manufacturing quality . Do n't buy , or if you do get good fire insurance .
 La Crosse Technology BC-9009 AlphaPower Battery ChargerI purchased two La Crosse BC-9009 Battery Chargers and after only six weeks one of them overheated , melted , and stated to smoke . These units have a history of defects and are fire hazards . I 've contacted the US Consumer Product Safety Commission and they are opening an investigation . If you have had a similar experience please contact them to file a report so we can remove this dangerous product from the marketplace . 1 800 638 2772 . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Unit was DOA , with a completely nonfunctional keypad . Amazon paid return shipping and promptly refunded the cost .
 Received a new BC-9009 from Amazon on 10-29-09 . Charged up about dozen Energizer AA 's and the AA 's & AAA 's that come in the package . After the last set , the # 2 button just slide into the case and never came back up . Underside of case directly opposite # 2 button looks ` warped ' . Obviously the charger got hot , tweaked the case and melted the pointer on the underside of the # 2 button that activates the switch on the circuit board . Sent it back . Did n't think to look at the firmware revision before packing the unit up . Waiting on the MAHA MH-C9000 now . Should have gone with my gut instinct.Update ... received the MAHA MH-C9000 after returning the BC-9009 . Now this is a quality product . Charged up another 2 dozen or so batteries over the weekend . This thing is night and day different from the La Crosse . Nice , informative display , never got hot , charged everything I threw at it and was easy to use . Not nearly as button-pressing intense as some reviews might lead you to believe . If you 're thinking about a quality charger/analyzer , do n't bother with those other toys , the MAHA MH-C9000 is the way to go .
 PROS
 I might have been the unluckiest person buying this charger bundle.After reading so many good reviews about it , I took the plunge when the price dropped to $ 35 a while ago at Amazon , even though I had plenty other simpler chargers . I used it to refresh some older batteries . None of them seemed to be renewed . Some of the batteries seemed to get charged to pretty good mAh after a refresh , but they discharged very quickly . The battery brands I have are Maxell , Nexcell , Energizer and Powercell . I have a feeling that the charger actually shortened the life of these batteries because they all become almost unusable after one refresh in this charger.One of the 2400mAh AA battery came with this bundle is defective -LRB- short circuited , think of a metal bar -RRB- and ca n't be charged when I first used it . Too bad I waited longer than 30 days before using the set , so now I left with 3 AAs that ca n't be used as a set of 4 . I may have got a bad unit of a good product , but I am extremely disappointed with this purchase .
 Bought this charger and it works , but it literally takes days to condition one set of batteries . I keep it in the closet now and use a charger from radio shack . That one works really well .
 This LaCrosse Technology BC-900 battery charger has an undocumented feature . It can wake you from a sound sleep.My partner and I were staying at a motel in Canada when disturbed by what sounded like a gunshot . At first I thought there was a homicide in the next room , but it turned out to be my battery charger increasing its carbon footprint.Quite a few of these chargers have melted , according to reviews on Amazon , but this explosion of my charger was much more dramatic . I uploaded a photo showing the damaged charger and an exploded battery.I plan to contact La Crosse to see if they can provide a safe replacement.We spent about half an hour cleaning carbon powder from the walls , ceiling , floor and fixtures in the bathroom . My charger is V22 .
 Charger appear to work as intended but three of the La Crosse batteries shows as ` null ' and can not be charge . This is what La Crosse customer support response : `` This charger requires at least .9 v in the battery in order to charge it . If the battery is depleted below that point , you will not be able to charge it on this battery charger `` I ca n't believe their solution is for me to buy another charger to bring up the voltage , and then charge the rest using the La Crosse charger . Totally ridiculous.Additional comment
 I will be submitting an updated review in the next few weeks for the functionality of this item . This review is for what we 've come across so far . Based on the Amazon reviews and our friend who is very picky convinced us this would be a great product for our needs . So far no . Here is a short breakdown :1 . We mainly bought this to use for our XBOX remote controllers . However , they do n't fit ! They fit the t.v. remotes but those do n't get used nearly as often as the XBOX remote controllers .2 . When examining the unit , the unit feels flimsy & cheap . The buttons all move at the same time indicating they are all part of the same piece so when you shift one button the whole plastic plate moves resulting in movement of the other two buttons . If one button breaks , chances are , the other two may be affected .3 . The manufacturer still expected us to pay the return shipping fee plus a 10 % restocking fee !! We were willing to pay the shipping fee to refund the item but not the 10 % since it 's not our fault that the AA battery did n't fit . They could 've waived it for customer service reasons but did n't so we will not be purchasing from them again.When we actually use the unit , I 'll submit a review regarding the unit 's performance & functionality .
 * It does n't load the battery properly . The batteries are charged for 10 minutes then it says the battery it full . Then , I have to remove the battery and put it back . Only now it will charge the battery properly . * The ` refresh battery ' function is not working at all !!! * Support was blaming my batteries ! But I use about 9 different brands . They ca n't be all bad and LaCrosse good ! * No power connector for Europe -LRB- 230V -RRB- . * The quality of the batteries included in the package is good enough .
 The 1-4 buttons under the batteries are plastic and connect to a potentially hot contact underneath , which can cause them to melt and become inoperable.Other than the fatal flaw , a quite good unit . Mine died after about three weeks .
 i just received this charger and already the unit has overheated and melted the 2 and 3 buttons . Looking at the past few days of reviews is looks like this is n't an isolated case either , which is unfortunate because it appears like it does pretty much exactly what i want it to do . Now i 'm left with the decision to try returning this and getting another lacrosse charger and hoping it 's not messed up or going with the maha c-9000update
 This expensive charger only lasted me a year-and-a-half before catastrophic failure . It has been used only when plugged into a surge protector . It looked flimsy to begin with.I have both RayoVac and Radio Shack chargers that are well over a decade old , and are used regularly , that are all still working.I would avoid LaCrosse Technology products if I were you ; they have a track record of reliability problems !
 The actual charger seems to be working fine , but one of the batteries supplied with it was dud . I tried to contact La Crosse support about it , and had to try twice to even get a response 2 weeks later . From the reply it was obvious no-one read my email . I have yet to hear back again.So , as my title suggests - if you do n't anticipate any problems with your purchase , then go ahead and buy , but woe betide you if you need any help from La Crosse , because it 's just not there.UPDATE - turns out the battery was n't dud , just completely discharged , and this charger ca n't handle that . La Crosse recommended I buy another of their products to fix it ! Instead I put the battery in a different charger for a few minutes , then this one was able to handle it again .
 The batteries that come with this charger are phenomenal -- they last for an almighty amount of time . The one drawback I 've found is that for half my existing batteries -LRB- and some of the batteries supplied with the charger -RRB- it just says `` null '' and wo n't charge them . Which is pretty irritating . I thoroughly recommend the batteries themselves though .
 This charger is amazing ! Too bad the buttons fail after a few uses . Some users have opened up their unit to fix it , I just sent it back . I am really disappointed , I loved that charger . I will buy another , as soon as I know the problems are resolved .
 I bought this unit over a different product because it had batteries included Unfortunately some of the batteries arrived unable to be charged by the charger . The reason being if a rechargeable battery drops below .9 volt then this charger ca n't sense it to begin charging it.I contacted Lacrosse tech support which requires you to first wait on hold , then finally give the `` agent '' your phone and email for a tech to contact you at their convenience . The Tech 's email response was what I mentioned above . My reply was that I should n't have to buy another charger to charge the batteries to work with the charger I just bought from them ! I never got a response to this reply for nearly 2 weeks.I finally called customer support and requested to talk to someone verbally that day . They re-iterated that the batteries were n't defective but just could n't be sensed by the charger if they were under .9 volts . They did however offer to send 2 replacement AA batteries though which is why I kept the unit and did n't return it.So , in the end it appears LaCrosse is trying to resolve the problem . But BUYER BEWARE . If your rechargeables are under .9 v then you must use a different charger to charge them to that voltage before this charger can `` sense '' the battery and charge it fully.Had I known this , I would have bought a different product .
 ... that this charger -LRB- La Crosse Technology BC-9009 -RRB- will not charge if batteries are depleted below 0.9 V. Found this out when I tried to recharged a set of AAA which had been `` all used up '' and the charger display showed `` null '' . The solution , according to the user manual , is to buy a cheaper charger and use it to get the batteries kick-started above 0.9 V and then use the BC-9009 to complete the charging . Much upset about this . Was there something in the description on Amazon about this undervoltage limit that I missed ? So , buyer beware !
 The display failed to come on and the product overheated the first time plugged in .
 I purchased 2 of these chargers . Tried one with the NiMh batteries that came with it but could not change the mode per the instructions . I emailed the company and they wanted to know if I used fresh Alkaline batteries !!! After many attempts and several emails I gave up and asked for a return . I returned both chargers a couple of weeks ago , delivery was confirmed , still waiting for refund .
 Got a unit that often went into an endless reboot loop at the end of a charge cycle . Sent it back directly to LaCrosse and they had a new unit sent out the same day . An e-mail to customer service took several days to be answered . Thumbs-up for the features and the warranty dept. Thumbs down for the quality control and customer service .
 Charger did work great for the first couple weeks , than it just went blank.Will not power on any more . **** DO NOT BUY this product . ****
 If you buy this unit be prepared to return it ! I would if I had not procrastinated so long ! I am throwing it out now ! Shame on me !
 The charger seems to work ok and has many features . The batteries that came with it , which I need for my Digital SLR worked for a while , but then failed to provide the 2500 mah needed for the camera . Even their `` refreshing '' mode did not make it better . I am disappointed as I now need to buy batteries that work .
 The charger provided in this package seems to be a relatively functional unit . It is not the best charger I have ever used , but it is serviceable . The batteries , on the other hand , are not so functional . One of the batteries provided with my package would not take a charge straight out of the box - no use whatsoever , so there is no possibility that a faulty device damaged the battery or excessively drained it . La Crosse has been deficient in customer service from the start . The wait for a response was excessively long , and the initial response did not address the issue submitted to customer service . Instead , La Crosse 's agent simply emailed boilerplate Q&A information about issues that might prevent the charger from working . La Crosse has yet to respond with any information of any kind regarding their faulty battery . If you want really good batteries , buy Sanyo Eneloop . Their charger is as good as the La Crosse for everyday use , as well , and costs less -- for example , currently on Amazon :[ ... -RSB-
 Purchased the La Crosse battery charger a little more than a year and a half ago . Honestly it was probably overkill for what I wanted - recharging NiMH batteries . The inability to charge batteries at very long voltages was an annoyance , but I lived with it . Unfortunately , about two weeks ago the charger lost the ability to charge any batteries - just shows `` NULL '' even if a fully charged battery is inserted . The cost to get the unit evaluated for repair is one cent more than the cost of a new charger from Amazon . Instead I 've chosen to go with a basic charger from Sanyo . If that breaks I wo n't be out a lot of cash .
 I received my first unit without some components so Amazon shipped another . The second unit appeared to work fine , except the charging cycle was measured in days , and not hours ! In addition , I found that some used batteries would not register as inserted until I charged them in a standard charger first , a very odd requirement.I contacted Amazon to get a replacement . They wrote - `` As it seems that the problem with this item is more widespread than we originally thought , we are not able to send another replacement . `` So it appears that Amazon is getting too many back . I 'd avoid this product for a while .
 Lacrosse gets ZERO stars for its appalling and insulting customer service . Unless you like headaches , avoid Lacrosse and its products.When I received the BC-900 charger , one of the batteries included was dead , and would not take a charge . Not a major problem , and easy to resolve - right ? Wrong!When I notified Lacrosse Technologies , I was informed that the battery had probably dropped below a minimum charge level , and that since the BC-900 could not charge it , I needed to purchase another charger -LRB- from a different company -RRB- to get it up to the required minimum charge in order that the BC-900 I purchased would work!I suggested that since they supplied a defective product -LRB- the battery -RRB- , they should either replace it or supply me with the required charger at their expense . Their customer support refused to provide the third-party charger , and informed me that their one year warranty only covered their charger , not the batteries supplied with it . When I pointed out that this was both awful customer service , not to mention a pretty crummy advertisement for their product , they agreed to repair or replace the battery , but just this once , since they were not obliged to , and really just doing me a favor.Let 's go over this again - Lacrosse sold me a charger that they admitted could not charge one of the batteries included with it , told me to purchase a charger from another company to charge the battery they sold me , then refused to replace or charge the battery since it was not covered by their warranty . They were n't even ashamed to put all this in writing ! What a way to run a company .
 I have been wanting one of these for years.Recently the price was the lowest all year so I orders.When I got the item I checked the power adapter and it was the recalled unit IV.It is too bad La Crosse cares little for it 's customers.I am sending it back . Amazon is great for making the return easy .
 First , it shipped with a defective power supply . Apparently , they shipped a whole batch with power supplies that burst into flames , and they had to be recalled.But after about 4 months of very light usage , it got itself into a mode in which the display flashes and the unit reboots on about a 5 second cycle . It no longer charges batteries at all.Totally useless paperweight POS .
 Yes , another melted BC-9009 . It worked great when I first received it . Probably charged or refreshed six or eight sets of batteries . Then when I was running a refresh cycle -LRB- discharge 500 mA , charge 1000 mA -RRB- on the included AA batteries it self destructed . Smell of burning plastic , the LCD for the third slot turned completely black and three of the buttons sank into the charger -LRB- probably melted inside -RRB- . Just glad I was at home and could unplug the unit before something caught fire . Obviously there is a quality issue , as many others have reported the same problems . For a time Amazon had pulled availability of the BC-9009 , but I see it is for sale from Amazon once again.I sent mine back for a refund . My advice would be to stay away .
 I got this charger for Christmas a few weeks ago and was really excited because I had some older NiMh AA Rechargable batteries -LRB- 2500mah -RRB- that needed to be refreshed . After putting them through the refresh cycle at 250ma , a few hours later I come back and find that my room smells like somethings burning and one of the Display Buttons had melted and was permanently lower than the others . After contacting Amazons Customer Service , they sent me another one and I sent this one back.The second charger arrived just a few days later -LRB- props to amazons customer service -RRB- and I used it a few times to charge up some batteries and refresh a few older ones . This one worked fine for a couple weeks or so until I used it to refresh another set of 4 NiMh rechargable batteries -LRB- 2500mah -RRB- at 250ma discharging current . The batteries were in the charger for about 15 hours and it seemed like it was almost done going through the discharge/charge cycles . I went into the other room for a bit and came back to the sound of sizzling , smoke and half melted batteries sitting in the charger.All the batteries I had used worked in different chargers before so there were nothing wrong with the batteries . I am not sure how this product has gotten so many good reviews either , unless I 'm just unlucky enough to get two faulty chargers in a row . I have contacted LaCrosse Tech . to see what they can do for me and will update this review later . Hopefully the next one will be ok as I am really disappointed because this charger seems like such a great item to have.Update 1/7/10 : They have replied to my email requesting an exchange and are sending me a prepaid ups tag so I can send my charger/ac Adpator back to them.Update 2/15/10 : La crosse Tech still had not sent a new charger back to me after a whole month of waiting so I decided to email them to see what was going on . They reply with
 I 've had this charger for about 1.5 year . Initially , it worked very well , and the host of features that receives almost universal praise are very nice indeed . I used the unit only intermittently , maybe once a week.About a couple of months ago , the trouble started . Whenever I tried to charge 4 AA batteries at the same time , the charger would continuously reset every 10 seconds or so . This problem has been reported by at least one other reviewer . This problem renders the product virtually useless . If I wait long enough , say overnight , the display would say Full . But since the charge is always shown as 0 mAh , there 's no quick and simple way to tell whether the batteries are actually fully charged or not.I discovered that a workaround is to charge only 2 batteries at a time . Nevertheless , because this is a serious problem that occurred after only a short time and infrequent usage , I 'd give this product only 1 star .
 I just received this unit and out of the box everything looked good . I like the small size and `` all at the same time '' battery modes . I have a MAHA C9000 and I wanted something a little smaller for travel . I dig that the Lacrosse default charges @ 200ma as opposed to the Maha 's 1000ma . I really liked the Lacrosse unit.I was running low on AA batteries so decided to crack open the included 4 Lacrosse batteries and run a refresh on the Lacrosse . I used the 1000/500 charge to discharge mode and all appeared well . That same day I went back to charge some AAA batteries and I noticed that the buttons for the 2nd & 3rd battery slots had sunk so they could no longer be pressed . The 4th slot was partially sunken but at least responsive.After some internet reading it appears that this is a symptom of melting under the buttons . I stopped the charging , packaged it all back up and sent it back to Amazon . I ordered another MAHA because the unit I have had for 2 years has never failed me.If you buy this Lacrosse unit I would suggest using lower charge rates . This unit should have some sort of on-board fan . I had an Energizer 15 minute rapid charger -LRB- back when I was unaware of what I was doing to the batteries -RRB- and that had a great fan on it that would at least keep the unit from melting.I really wanted to keep this thing .
 This unit is poorly made and presents a fire hazard . I would not buy again.When I first plugged in the unit , screen was partially blank . Disassembled -LRB- 4 exterior screws , 4 internal -RRB- to find rough plastic molding edges and loose screws , resulting in the lead to LCD not making contact . Cleaned things up , reassembled , worked OK for about twenty charge cycles . Then it melted down , literally -- the casing is distorted , and when I opened it up I found melted plastic under the push buttons . There appear to be thermistors positioned in the battery compartment , but they 're clearly inadequate . And even if I felt safe using it again , it 's broken , since the buttons are inoperable .
 I bought this unit in March 2011 having read most of the reviews and comments regarding the overheating . My assumption was that the issue had been taken care of with the new adapter . Wrong ! After charging beautifully for the past three months I went to retrieve some batteries , only to find the charger actually melted and built up so much heat that the batteries came apart and one was actually venting gas when I went to take them off . I had a Maha charger for over four years that finally bit the dust but never like this . I would stay far away from this defective product .
 This charger is probably the best charger that I 've used , when it works.However , as another reviewer has indicated , if the batter drops below 0.9 V , the charger will not `` see '' nor charge the battery . So if you have a battery that was discharge and has n't been used for a couple of months and you put it into this charger , it will not charge ! The charger displays null.I called Lacrosse tech support -LRB- 507 895-7095 -RRB- and they told me that 's how the unit is designed.The only workaround that I 've found is to put the batteries into a different -LRB- Energizer -RRB- charger to get them charged far enough to 0.9 V , then put them into the BC-900 . This is just a bad design , IMHO . Other chargers have different ways of dealing with this -LRB- including my Energizer charger , or the MAHA -RRB- . So bottom line is that if you are charging batteries everyday , you wo n't run into this problem , however , if this is your only charger I would not recommend it at all.In hindsight , I would have chosen a different charger , probably the MAHA C9000 .
 The first charger I received was version 32 in a plastic display case . Compartment three did not work and the mode , display , and current buttons would not respond . I e-mailed LaCross and they wanted me to send the defective one back before they would send me a new one . On the other hand , Amazon was terrific . They sent me a new one immediately and I had 30 days to return , prepaid , the old charger . The second version came in a cardboard box . It was version 33 and it works perfectly . The version number shows immediately when you connect the charger to an electic outlet .
 La Crosse Technology BC-900 Alpha Power Battery Charger has a major design flaw . It can not be the only battery charger you own , or you have to throw away a lot of good batteries.I read couple of review says it rate good -LRB- but empty -RRB- battery to null and can not recharge them . I ignored it and purchased one for my out of town trip . I took this charger as my only charger for the trip . I had new Sony batteries , only used a few time , however , all power was drain in my PDA device . When I put the battery in the charger , it says battery is null and can not recharge them . I can not use my device anymore during the trip.Some suggested that you have to keep your old battery charger , and it is true that you can recharge it using old charger and then put it back in La Cross battery charger . However , if this is your only charger , then you have to throw away a lot of good/new batteries if they are empty , since it can not charge an empty battery . This is a major design flaw.If this is your only battery charger at home , consider the problem . If you want bring this charger to a trip and you only want bring one charger with you , consider the problem.This charger has many excellent features that others do n't offer , but one deadly major design flaw .
 Hi - Hope this helps.Basically worked great since Nov of 2009 . About 2 months ago stopped working altogether.Getting random , oscillating signatures on the screen - non-functioning . Contacted support , they said send it back at your cost , and if its under warranty , we 'll replace it.Well , it 's not under warranty - so in the trash . A real waste . Sure , I saved the environment for a year , but now I have a throw away unit , and rechargeable batteries that either go in the trash , or I need to get a new charger . I guess what hurts the most is I lost money big time with buying rechargeable batteries and the unit and did n't have full opportunity to recuperate the cost.Stings a little , esp . considering I can -LRB- and did when the unit went south -RRB- buy a mess of energizer for $ 10 that 'll last about a year or more for all of my appliance needs . . I bought it well knowing it had a 1 year limited warranty - usually when I do such things , it does n't break after 1 year and 1 month.I 'm not saying you 'll have the same luck . In fact , I 'd guess your purchase will work fine.Just wanted to report my experience , hopefully it benefits you in some way.FYI - i have a la crosse outside/inside temp monitor that works great , have had it about the same time .
 Bought this charger one year ago . The batteries will now not power my simple Canon A590 camera for more than one day -LRB- approximately 10 pictures -RRB- . They do n't hold their charge for more than a week even when not used . I know that rechargeable batteries do n't hold charge for as long as regular batteries , but this is really pathetic .
 I purchased this battery charger and noticed they sent me a dead battery and had a few questions about the product . At first when I called I got a busy signal . Yes a busy signal calling a corporation ! Then , after that , I spoke with an Indian lady who told me she just took down the information and it would take two to three days for a tech . rep. to get back to me . That is not a misprint!If you think you wait long for tech support on a product , imagine waiting two to three days to speak with someone about a battery charger . By email the time is shortened , it is only two days to have someone email you for tech support on a $ 40 item.I know La Crosse is made in China , not sure if they 're using Chinese ways of customer support . Aside from that La Crosse overcomplicates the process of charging and discharging a battery . I would avoid this company like the plague !
 I give this product the lowest rating possible . Do n't buy it.The product never worked correctly from day 1 , although it was weeks before I realized it . The device acted like everything was working correctly and when it said the battery was `` Full '' that means it supposed to mean it is ready to go . I kept noticing the rechargeable batteries just not lasting very long in various devices and I repeatedly had to charge them . I finally sat down and tested the theory of the charger not working correctly . I do n't have technical numbers , but I do have functional numbers . - I tested every variation of `` charge '' that this device had , using the instruction book . Normally my AAA batteries last 9 hours in my hand-held recorder . After being charged in this charger , the most they could do was 3 hours . This is trying both Rayovac and the included La Crosse rechargeable batteries . - The `` charging '' appeared to be random . Sometimes the charge would last up to 3 hours , but a couple of times the battery was completely empty ; it did n't even have enough power to start up a device . Again , this was after the device reported that the battery was `` Full '' . - Charging at different rates of charge had no effect on the output ; the batteries just plain were not being charged . - After another month or so of testing , today when I tried to put in a AAA La Crosse battery , the device does n't even recognize it . It just says Null and acts like there is n't even a battery inside of it . Unplugging and repeated attempts had no effect.As of today I threw this product in the trash . I 'm not interested in wasting my time following up on a warranty or paying for shipping to a repair facility , so I can not comment on their service .
 I have a question about how to use this product . No one answers their help line . No one responds to the emailed questions that I 've sent . It 's useless to me , but it 's past the date that I can send it back for a refund . I may just send it back to them anyway with a few choice words about what they should do with it and then I 'll just write off the loss .
 First , if all you want to do is insert a battery and let it charge 10 hours at 200maH and remove it , then this charger works just fine -LRB- albeit the wall adapter is massive -RRB- . However , I expected some bells and whistles . I 'd say it has them , but you practically have to stand on your head and hold your breath and spin around 3 times to get it to do what you want.As far as the instructions go , the charger comes with two tiny manuals on 2 `` x2 '' pages ; a Quick Start manual , and an Instruction manual . Please note that you must read them both since the instruction manual is missing half of the instructions that are only found in the quick start manual -LRB- i.e. the part about how to insert a single battery and get it to do what you want -RRB- . The manuals are full of limitations and caveats that you would n't guess without reading them . Such as you have 8 seconds to install the batteries and hold down a button if you want to change the settings to do anything other than basic 200maH charging . If you take 9 seconds , you must physically remove all the batteries -LRB- !! -RRB- and try again . Also , weird limitations such as you ca n't charge any battery in slots 2-4 at a higher rate than the battery in slot 1 . Or that slots 1 & 4 allow a higher charging rate than slots 2 & 3 . And you ca n't change any settings once charging starts without removing and reinserting the batteries.I found the firmware a little flaky , as behavior did n't always match up with the instructions exactly , particularly when putting in a new battery and trying to adjust its mode -LRB- often it would mess up the mode and clear the charging progress data for the other batteries even though I pressed the slot number of the new battery which was supposed to tell it to only muck with this one slot -RRB- . I needed the manual to understand the charger 's non-intuitive meanings for the terms DISCHARGE , TEST , and REFRESH that are displayed on the LCD display . DISCHARGE means `` discharge then recharge '' -LRB- you ca n't leave the battery discharged in any mode , although it says that NiCad 's should be stored in a discharged state -RRB- . Compare that to TEST , which means `` charge first then discharge then recharge '' . REFRESH is the coolest mode , which is basically why I 'm keeping the charger . It automatically discharges & recharges the batteries until the capacity drops a bit . I 'm hoping this does n't mean it cycles the battery until it 's damaged , but certainly it seems like the capacity of an older battery is better after a cycle or two .
 Apart from looking cool this charger really is a useless piece of junk . I cycle at night regularly and rely on rechargeables for my lights , which are high power and will drain a set of 4x2500mAh AA 's in 4 hours . I look after cells - I buy quality batteries and usually run them down fully before recharging . Often I will put them in the charger and it will report two or three as being dead - I have to put them in a basic charger for 15 minutes before it will acknowledge that they 're ok . After that , usually 2 cells will charge to 2700mAh with one at 1450mAh and another at 900mAh . My $ 15 duracell chargewr always recharges my cells fully and though it does n't have an LCD display I trust it far more . And yes I do use discharge/recharge cycles.The 1 star is for cosmetics .
 I followed the directions exactly and these things did NOTHING for the pain in the balls of my feet . Very disappointing . Waste of $ .
 I ca n't wear heels . They just plain hurt . These did n't help . They 're no better than any other insole . They provide very little cushioning and do n't adjust your weight to your heel as they claim to . How disappointing !
 They slipped around and did n't work at all . I was very disappointed with them .
 Like the design , colors . Hand grips need to be more comfortible . Like the double adjustments , upper and lower to fine tune the fit.But my biggest complaint is the weight . Most handicapped people need crutches because they have a physical problem , so to add a heavy aid to this problem will probably make it worse . To use these crutches for any length of time will tire out the person .
 Still have not gotten and do not want it at this point.Was ordered well over six weeks ago , and AMAZON has been no help .
 Likewise , this did n't work at all . It burns when you spray it , and has a god awful taste in the back of your throat . I 've actually had my nose plugged up worse , for days , after having used this product . I got my money back the same day I bought it.Avoid this horrible product .
 I bought this product thinking it had the same ingredient as their other decongestant sprays -LRB- Phenylephrine Hydrochloride -RRB- . It is not clearly indicated on the box that it does n't contain this . It did n't clear my nose at all , it actually made it worse . Waste of money .
 I bought this item for my 6-yr old daughter because she complains of belly aches at bedtime -LRB- total stalling tactic -RRB- . I figured a warming pillow would be just the thing to help her feel better and keep her toasty warm on cold winter nights . The first time we microwaved it smelled kinda good - a mix of earthy herbs and a teeny bit of mint . Not bad . She enjoyed it right away , tucking it against her belly and sleeping soundly . Job done , right !? Well - fast forward about a week and now the pillow smells like some kind of funky meat pie . We still nuke it every night -LRB- 2 minutes is just the right amount of time -RRB- and now we have to hold our noses and hold it out away from us as we charge up to her room and drop it off . Funny , she does n't seem to mind it . The rest of the house is gagging . Our daughter had a friend over the other day and wanted to show her the pillow , so we warmed it and handed it over . Her friend held her nose and said , `` Wow , I ca n't come near you when you have that thing . '' Hmmm ... not good.Anyway , I love the concept , love the warmth , love the shape and the softness of the fabric , love that it helps her little belly `` feel better '' but ... too bad about the stink . Maybe it absorbs food odors from the microwave ? Blech .
 There should be a warning on how long you can take this . . also there should be a warning that this may cause heart problems . Because of the caffeine in this vitamin i now have heart problems . . the caffeine in it caused me to have pre atrial contraction and pre ventricular contraction , my doctor said it was caused from caffeine . i have drank coke 0 for years so thats not where the caffeine came from . This drug should be taken off of the market . I may end up in a pacemaker over this
 Do n't waste your money . The on/off knob came off the first time I turn it on and razors are not sharp enough .
 These are good tasting but unfortunately contain partially hydrogenated soybean oil so I would stay away from them until it is removed .
 Okay , so I picked this product because it slightly cheaper than the Crest Whitestrips and because I was new to this . It was easy to apply and does n't require 30 min . However , the down side was the dripping gel/saliva mixture that I ended up swallowing or else having a trail of saliva . This reason , along with the taste discouraged me to continue through the 14 days . I would find myself forgetting . I noticed very slight changes after a week or so .
 I was a little low on cash , so I avoided the Crest White Strips , and got the Crest Simply White . It is definatly not worth it ! I painted it on my teeth , like it said to do , and plastered my mouth into an overly large grin to keep my lips from touching my teeth . It claims that it dries in 30 seconds , but I found it to be more like over 5 minutes . It is a pain ! And when you do close your mouth at the recommended 30 seconds , it just wipes off on your gums , lips , and tongue , so there is barely any actually left on your teeth . Plus , the stuff that gets caught on your lips and tongue tastes horrible . Later I tried the white strips ... much better !
 I followed the instructions of this product and saw no noticable difference in whiteness after 14 days . Since it did not do what it was supposed to , I do n't recommend it .
 Very nice polished finish . Only problem is that the fuel will evaporate within a week because it is not well sealed . I now have a Windmill torch lighter which is excellent and hardly loses any fuel through evaporation .
 Started take hormone cream as advised . After day 5 I lost it and went down hill real fast . Anxiety depression and severe waterworks . I have never experienced anything like this before . I stopped immediately the next day I was fine !
 The product mixed well in water , definitely had a mate-kick to it , but the stevia sweetener gave a weird taste that killed any mate flavor . The product tasted more like a bad anti-diarrheal medicine rather than mate . I gave away the product to a lady at work from South American who drinks lots of mate and she did n't like the taste , either , so she threw it out.I would rather try a blend of this without the Stevia . If you like stevia maybe you will like this product , otherwise , avoid .
 No signs of this being effective . People are created different so maybe it will work for you . Nor the same product I took years ago .
 When i first tried this epilator it did n't satisfy me but i thought that my hair was not long enough , so in a few days when i was sure that the hair was long enough to be removed i tried this epilator again but it just made me feel pain because it was pulling hair but did n't remove it . It seems this epilator does n't have enough power to remove hair . I should say i am totally disapointed by this purchase .
 The more expensive epilady delux does a much much better job . I had to run the epigirl over a 2 inch space a dozen times with very little affect . I 'm returning this product with great dissapointment .
 These batteries were good a few years ago -LRB- the blue batteries -RRB- . I got these a few months ago and I was displeased with how bad they were . My previous Lenmars -LRB- the blue ones -RRB- were awesome and they charged to almost 1800 mAH every time . These 2500 versions barely get to 1000 mAH . Also if you do decide you want to buy this brand , try charging all the batteries right away . 2 out of the 10 did n't even charge -LRB- DOA -RRB- with my La Crosse charger or an Lenmar charger .
 This rechargable was supposed to be the best . I can hardly take 6 pictures with the battery . For this amount of money , I find that they are of very poor quality . can anyone suggest a better option
 After a couple of years these no longer hold a charge . Definitely not as many uses as advertised . I would not buy these again .
 When I received my package , I opened it and found there is no protective materials in the box !! The bottle cap is broken and some of the liquids has come out !! so terrible .
 The container lid leaks . I had n't even opened it yet and everything leaked out of the seal on the lid . Boo . I was really looking forward to using this stuff .
 I will finish off what I have because this product does refresh and it does not contain alcohol . However , it does not smell good . My husband always prods what product he 's smelling -- and not in a good way . I myself do n't care for it . Also , it has n't done anything to help clear up my skin or heal the acne I do have . I know my acne is hormone related since I just had a baby and am nursing , but this still has done nothing to help . I will not buy this again . I will go back to using Neutrogena 's alcohol free toner . It smells so much better and works just as good as a toner .
 Although it sounds a little silly to criticize the flavor of the `` plain '' whey , I have to say that compared to the other flavorless whey types I 've tried , Designer Whey Natural has a distinctly unpleasant aroma and taste . My morning outmeal tastes vaguely rancid with Designer Whey Natural . But , a far worse problem is its mixability . Compared to the other whey supplements I 've tried , Designer Whey is by far the worst . Short of actually blending in a blender , mixing it by hand or in a shaker results in a mixture that is a gritty , lumpy mass . If you are looking for an easy-to-use , non-flavored whey , skip Designer Whey in favor of something like Any-Whey .
 I bought this item about 10 days ago . I like the look of it and the feel in my hand . However , the first time I dropped it , the side of it shattered into glass-like shards . It also comes with holes in it that trap water inside , and mine never drained or dried properly -LRB- until it was broken . -RRB- I 'm looking for the replacement . I think this is the item I had and loved until I left it in a hotel . It 's ugly , but it works the best of anything I 've ever tried : Marvy Shampoo Brush
 Too thick to make shoes comfortable . It makes my feet sit too high in the shoe and slip out . Tried loosening laces . Perhaps these would be best for a favorite , old pair of shoes which have lost all of thier support .
 this stuff makes my hair SO greasy -LRB- and still not shiny ! -RRB- that my husband thought that i decided not to wash my hair after working out -- after i had just spent an hour drying , ironing , and `` shining '' my hair !! i wo n't use it again . it looks as though i have not washed my hair in over 2 weeks !!
 After a few months it started leaking from the soap cap . We have to be sure we rest it on the brush side when we 're not using it , so the soap stays in .
 All 3 bottles of flaxseed oil were bitter . I returned them for a refund . I have been drinking flax seed oil for a few years now and this was the worst tasting .
 This product is a waste of money . The package says to allow EIGHT weeks for it to work !! The whole thing does n't last that long . It lasted me about six weeks . You see some results but it feels like you 're being inflated and then if you do n't take it even for a few days you deflate . Do n't waste you money with this stuff , just invest in some good creatine and protein and your pump will last longer and you 'll gain more mass .
 The bars were all melted and virtually unusable . -LRB- This is a winter time order ! -RRB- The foil wrapping sticks to the bars and makes them unappetizing and incovenient . Until the seller starts packing with some kind of cold pack -LRB- as I have received in the past -RRB- there will be no more orders and others should steer away from this seller .
 these taste alot better than the chocolate chip brownie version ones , but salt is too high . Both of these products are not worth the money .
 Good value - cheaper through Amazon Prime than my local discount stores . However it tastes terrible & it was a waste for me to buy an entire case . Silly me , I was expecting something closer to the taste of Reese 's Peanut Butter Cups . Be sure to try one of these bars in a store where they sell singles first -LRB- Walgreen 's -RRB- before purchasing a case like I did . If you find you like the way they taste , then I suggest Amazon Prime is the best deal in town .
 I bought this exact bar -LRB- chocolate peanut butter -RRB- at my local grocery store and it was wonderful . SO good . Thought it was so good that I subscribed to the box here on Amazon and it was ... disgusting . Dried out , flakey , not soft/moist like I remember . Very dissapointed . From what I 've read , this is a common problem with protein bars sold on Amazon . Not sure why . The expiration says it 's good for another year .
 The product is ok , but I do not recommend having it shipped to you in the summer . In Atlanta . It arrived having melted at some point and re-consolidated itself inside each wrapper .
 Be sure to eat these over a drop cloth , as the chocolate flakes all over the place.These are high in saturated fat.Taste is not bad .
 be VERY careful ordering these from Amazon in the summer months . These are normally my very favorite low carb bar , hands down ... not only are they filling , but they taste great too.The last order I received however , and this was still in May , was a complete MESS . The wrappers looked fairly normal but after opening the wrapper you could see that the chocolate coating had previously melted and hardened again so it was completely stuck to the inside of the wrapper . To make matters worse , as soon as each bar was opened the chocolate flaked off the wrapper and went EVERYwhere . -LRB- Ca n't even imagine how it must be to order them in July or August ! -RRB- It 's a great product but until these hot months are over I 'm opting to pay $ 2.29 a piece at SuperFresh !
 This item arrived all melted and sloppy . And it looked like it had sat around in the wharehouse a long time before it was sent . Very disappointing .
 Once again I 've received a heat sensitive product in a melted condition.NEVER again Amazon !
 Very yummy especially for the most staunch chocoholics !! The consistency is not grainy like some protein bars can be and it is very filling !
 I ordered the nutrition bars this winter and was really disappointed to open a bar and have more of the `` cream '' come off on the wrapper than stick to the bar . The flavor is ok , not great , but I 'm thinking the bars might not be really fresh . It certainly was n't warm enough to melt the product . It does n't make me want to eat another bar and I have 11 more !! Would n't recommend .
 I like these but i have so much stomach discomfort from the sugar alcohols . The 3-4 days of bloating and gas are not worth it .
 I did my research before purchasing this product but did not listen to the warnings . I read that it gave many people the instant `` runs '' , but having a self diagnosed `` strong stomach '' I thought they were just weenies and that I would be immune to these effects . Might I add that I have competed in natural bodybuilding shows for about 8 years and am used to taking all kinds of supplements . The first time I took it , about twenty minutes afterwards I had to run to the restroom ! No Joke ... Being the stubborn man that I am , I thought it must had been something else I ate and tried it for my next session . I am a true believer in not giving into the negative hype until I am convinced . I used it for an entire week and 5 out of 6 days , I had to make an emergency bathroom run ! As a personal trainer with a degree in exercise science and years of bodybuilding experience I highly recommend you try something other than this product .
 I have used Ona products for years . I love the Linen scent and use the liquid concentrate and gel to eliminate pet odors . It is lightly scented and neutralizes odors . There is not a heavy perfume odor like cover-ups . HOWEVER , I ordered two blocks for the first time and was very disappointed . They were extremely strong smelling the first two days and then did not smell at all unless I put my nose right to them . I would recommend going with the gel and concentrate instead , although that requires refilling as it evaporates , which is does quickly here in the Arizona desert .
 Moved into a home that had been a `` grow house '' by the smell of the closet . I do n't want my linens smelling skunky . Looked on line and found all the web sites that cater to `` those folks '' were touting this product . Rip off !!! It did n't eliminate odor and the smell was like an institutional cleaner -LRB- hospital , nursing home , day care -RRB- ew!To be fair , nothing else has gotten the smell out either -LRB- washed walls with cleaners , vinigar , baking powder/water paste etc. -RRB- Finally just used a car air freshener in there to try to mask the odor . After 4 months , still skunky .
 I tried this on silverplate flatware and found it left tiny scratches on the smoth areas around the detailing I was trying to clean . I 'm am very picky about polishing my silver and do it annually , however a friend asked me to see what I could do with her set which was extremely tarnished and had damage on a few pieces . After polishing I decided to try out this brush on one of the damaged pieces first to test . I was disappointed .
 This pad does not perform well . The adhesive backing does not stick ; the pad bunches up and it is not absorbant . Do not buy this product .
 Tena works much better . Use pads for my senior dog inside his fabric diaper and prevail leaked through . Better to buy Tena for overnight or Poise Maxi .
 First let me say that I can be very finicky about some things ... and this seems to be one of them ! I initially added 1 TBSP Flax Seed Oil and 1/4 tsp . cinnamon to my Zone Perfect Chocolate Shake Mix . The taste was still too strong so I am now adding only 1 tsp . I have yet to try this in salads , on veggies ... which might be a better way to go with this oil which also includes rosemary and other proprietery antioxidant blend.Serving Size
 I used Jade East for years starting in 1965 . A few years ago I found it again and it was n't quite as good as before . This time I find it to not even be close to the way it was before . It 's a Very Weak quality . Not sure I will ever buy again .
 Bought this for display in a 60s collection and was surprised that it came with a completely different label and box than pictured , and that it is non-returnable . To be fair , this is mentioned in the description , but I expect more from Amazon than misleading display photos and an exception to their usual easy return policy .
 This `` stuff '' has only the slightest hint of the original , and overall , it literally stinks , does not have a nice odor at all , just a `` dirty '' odor . The sense of smell is often thought to be our best long term memory , and I do remember what the original Jade East smelled like , It was sweet , masculine , and sexy . This smells like it 's generic name tends to bring to mind `` toilet water '' , as if it was dipped out of one . AND , it stinks in more ways that one . The estimated delivery date was Wednesday the 18th , I waited till Saturday , the 21st to take care of returning it , and Amazon had it listed as return window closed on the 20th , only 2 days after the estimated delivery date , True , it did show up a couple days before the 18th , but `` give me a break '' , I ca n't even make it to the weekend to set up a return ? I purchased both the after shave and cologne , hoping at least one of them would have the correct aroma , they both smell exactly alike , both bad , neither what I expected and neither worth sell at all well for a buck in a dollar store .
 This is a poor , low quality knock off of the original product . Nothing more than alcohol and water and a little brand unknown fragrance . The product I used in the 1960 's was made by Swank and was a very powerful distinctive fragrance . I am disappointed . I loved Jade East Cologne and would purchase it gladly if it were available made by Swank .
 I do n't have a problem with the seller as I do with the product , I am very disappointed to say the least that anyone would market this aftershave and try to pass it off as Jade East!I can save someone a few dollars , this is mostly alcohol with a slight and I am being generous when I say slight fragrance of anything . If you remember Jade East , how it smelled ... this is as far as the east is from the west in comparison.Nothing like the original ! If only they would market that again !
 I have been searching for a different male incontinence product as my regular one carried by Walmart has been significantly changed and downgraded in absorbency and capacity , while the packaging says `` new and improved , '' LOL . However , this Prevail product has about the same absorbency/capacity so it is not better or more cost effective , unless on `` Subscribe and Save . '' The `` large '' size of this product is too large for me and fits loosely . When it is close to capacity , it leaks , but so do all brands I have tried including the major brand `` Depend . `` Cost is a concern . I use protective underwear 24 hours a day due to incontinence caused by prostate surgery . Walmart 's Assurance product costs $ 0.76 each in my market including taxes . The Prevail product is $ 0.86 at regular price , $ 0.73 on Subscribe and Save.The only reliable product I have found which has more absorbency/capacity in a pull-on underwear style is carried by Kroger and RiteAid , and is usually on sale . However it is made by the same manufacturer as Walmart 's Assurance brand , so make sure to watch for changes if you try it . The same manufacturer also makes the Certainteed brand carried by Walgreen 's which was already made with less capacity .
 My Mom who is 92 was very pleased with the Depend product we had ordered.When it was discontinued we tried the Prevail product . It did not fit or feel as supportive as the Depend product she had been using.She has requested that we not continue with the Prevail product.Reasons
 We had a problem as the spring pins did not fully pop out of their holes . They were returned and credit was given
 My wife has MS and uses a walker on Tile floor in the house . These wheels stick when she tries to slide the walker sideways and almost made here fall . They are too narrow . Get fater wheels .
 I ordered these for a walker my father-in-law had . It looked like these were interchangeable and I do n't know what brand the walker was -LRB- whatever labels there were are gone -RRB- . The little push buttons do n't fit these holes - the holes are a little too small , and the tubes are too long to use the bottom holes -LRB- hit the cross member first -RRB- . Was n't enough money to return but close only counts in ... P.S. . After modifying these wheels by cutting off the ` too long ' tubes and drilling out the holes to fit the buttons , I mounted them and they are crooked . Obviously I can not return now , or I would . And I do n't think it is my doing . Nothing I did would change the alignment . Poorly made for sure .
 1 -RRB- The holes on one side of both tubes were cut slightly too small so you could n't put the wheels on the outside of the walker , where they belong . I used a rat-tail file to enlarge one . Lame .2 -RRB- They are not Invacare wheels , which is ok , if they had said `` made in china knock-off '' I still would have ordered but given the result - weak .3 -RRB- Bearings are shoddy . The remaining Invacare wheel on the walker where I was replacing a bad wheel is 6 months old and STILL spins more smoothly that these new wheels.I 'm going to see if I can take the old sticky Invacare wheel apart and see if I can clean or lube it so I can toss these in the trash .
 The product is OK and the price is good . the shipping charges are excessive . I will stay away from doing business with these people again .
 This was the second sample bottle that I purchased.I was very satisfied with the first bottle , liked the fragrance , and was thinking about buying a larger size.Second bottle arrived and smelled `` bad '' did not smell at all like the first sample . Even tried side by side test -LRB- one on the back of each hand -RRB- My wife said that they were totally different with the second bottle having a bad odor -LRB- not a good fragrance -RRB- Can this stuff go bad in the bottle ?
 I ordered John Varvatos classic The bottle I received did n't have the words classic on the Varvatos name and the cologne seems different . It 's a bunch of BS . and I 'm sure it 's a nightmare of arguing trying to figure this out or get it replaced with the correct one even if they sell the one I wanted . In short I 'm not buying cologne every again from amazon
 This cologne in not too bad if it is applied very lightly . It has a hint of whatever scent that is used in ant spray .
 Ordered two bottles and only received one , the supplier refused to resend the bottle and only refunded the cost of the bottle but kept 25 postage , the customer service woman insinuated that I was lying , I would NOT recommend anyone use this company as you will lose your money .
 I bought this product from Amazon as the seller , and I received a bottle of some substance with ABSOLUTELY NO aroma . If I wanted rubbing alcohol , I would have gone to CVS . There was n't even a hint of the original cologne ; whoever stole it did n't even go through the effort of cutting the cologne .
 I bought this cologne with the vintage and they sent me two of the vintage , so i 'm not sure if this is a good cologne .
 This John Varvatos has only remnants of the smell of the one they sell at department stores . A watered down version . Has a strong ethanol scent for its top notes . Base notes resemble JV but only lasts for a couple of hours . This may be fake . I should 've spent an extra $ 20 and bought at Sephora .
 I 'm sad to say it but this item is a fake.After 40 years of shaving and spraying I can tell a difference.Silly me to believe that half-priced cologne can be anything but fake.No claims to Amazon.com though - my favored merchant of all time .
 This cream is a very good product that helps heal skin , IF you want to smell like a Bento Box Lunch ! STRONG sesame oil aroma .
 I have been using Prevail washclothsPrevail Premium Washcloth , Large , 96 Washcloths -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- ever since a seventy-day stay in the local trauma hospital . Unfortunately , the State of California , in their ineptitude and inability to control their own income/outflow problems themselves have transferred the cost to me and ceased issuing this doctor prescribed item . This now requires that I purchase my own product locally instead of them being supplied by the California Veterans Home as they have been in the past . This is a cost-cutting move by them and caused me to shop on-line for the product to save an arduous trip downtown -LSB- continued mobility problems -RSB- . I found a bargin at Amazon and purchased a pack of six-tubs of these fantastic wipes . Unfortunately , they have been stored in the warehouse or unloaded on the market past their prime , as they were barely damp and were not the typically well moistened , with an aloe/cleansing fluid wipes that I have always received . I have been forced to add tapwater to try and get use out of them , since returning them would pose a hardship on me due to their size and weight . Watch out for bargins , they might indicate products that have been ` dumped ' after their useful life has , or is near , the expiration of their usefulness .
 Had to replace another , -LRB- blue package -RRB- from this manufacturer that was discontinued.In this container the bottom 15 or so tissues are too wet.Almost need to be wrung out befor use.I will be seeking another product when shopping for wipes .
 In looking at the dimensions of your inflatable baby tub , it states that this tub is 2.75 inches x 9.38 inches x 8.88 inches . This is ridiculous . I could n't even fit my toy poodle into something like that . It sounds like you are describing a pan . I was interested in purchasing this , but certainly not going to take a chance based on erroneous dimensions like that .
 Wan na know why ? Cuz the box they came in was all smashed up , and even hand-taped , When I opened it , there were tea grinds everywhere , and 5 bags were less than half full.Even the tea bags themselves are poorly constructed - without strings . Two of the bagshave already opened up in the boiling water - without being in there for more than 3 minutes .
 This tea took a week to arrive . When it did , it arrived in good shape.Sadly , my husband & I both hate the taste . It tastes like muddy dried leaves.We got this because dandelion root is meant to be good for you but these teabags tastes awful .
 I 've never written an amazon review before , but I was so annoyed at the product & dandelion tea is not a widespread buy , so I just want to warn others.I bought two boxes of tea & was disgusted when I made the first batch and it tasted like ... smoke . like cigarettes . Since I 'd bought this brand of tea from Whole Foods in the past , the only thing I can think is that someone in their warehouse is smoking cigarettes around their stock , because when I opened the second box of tea , there was the same heavy cigarette smell . NOT what I 'm looking for in my tea.I threw both boxes out after making the first cup . Buyer beware - get your tea from someone else .
 Tastes like water that has had roasted peanuts soaked in it for a few hours.Just a very unpleasant taste , totally not drinkable for me . Maybe for someone with a stronger stomach . .
 After several cups of this tea -LRB- which tasted horrible -RRB- , I felt sick to my stomach . I threw it in the trash .
 Nasty tasting . I am not sure it this is all dandelion root tea or just this batch . Work NOT buy again or recommend .
 I received 2 boxes on Dec 27 , and I already found 3 empty tea bags.I know that this is probably not amazon fault , but the manufacture defect , but If I paid for 30 bags tea , I expect to be able to use the 30 , and I do n't know how many more empty bags I will find .
 The several of the tea bags were opened at the bottom rendering them unusuable . Had to throw away . Very disappointed
 I would like this product except that it does n't dissolve well in water . Instead , you get these little protein clumps that are unpleasant to swallow .
 These bags do n't have a wicket , and so ca n't be installed in a bagging device . They do n't have an upper `` lip '' either , so you ca n't create your own . I 'm not sure how you are supposed to put ice in these , except very slowly and carefully . Great price , but not suited for a bagging operation .
 I was expecting to receive the one in black color . But they have sent me with a reddish brown color ...
 This stuff tastes really bad . It does warm - but loses the warming FAST . I would not purchase this again .
 My husband and I were very unsatisfied with this product . Unlike latex , this material was n't elastic and was really difficult to use . It made for a very unpleasant experience all the way around ! I understand if one has a latex allergy , that this product might be valuable . But for the average user , these were n't satisfactory at all .
 I was n't comfortable using this product , as the back of the box says , '' `` The risks of pregnancy and Sexually Transmitted Diseases ... are not known for this condom . A study is being done . '' '' Since the whole purpose of using a condom in the first place is to avoid those two things , it seemed kind of pointless . It does stress that it 's made for people who are allergic to latex , and I guess , for those people , it 's better than nothing , but I would n't purchase it myself .
 The first box I ever bought was good . The tea , to me , tasted better cold than hot so I would make an ice tea of it and refrigerate it until I wanted it . The last few boxes I bought , however , were awful . I would boil the water and steep it and the tea would make this oily film over the top . It would just float and was n't tasty to drink . I know sometimes plants have oils in them but this was excessive and killed the flavor . Not buying this brand again .
 This took way too long to get . It took weeks to finally arrive by mail . It would have been faster to walk there and get it .
 When I opened this alot of the tea sacks were broken and the tea emptied out and spilled everywhere . I steeped some inside my cup and noticed that all sorts of the tea leaves had come out -LRB- I even took a picture and posted it under customer pics -RRB- and when I sipped my drink , tea leave crumbs got inside my mouth ! I havent noticed any effect from the tea though but I have only used it for a few days so maybe it takes awhile . However , if they 'd be able to keep the sacks closed that would help alot !
 I have been a tea drinker for many years and this has to be the worst tasting tea I have ever had .
 I love parsley and add it to my cooking all the time . I thought I 'd like this tea but unfortunately , I was mistaken .
 Fenugreek Seed tea smells and tastes awful . I do n't like the taste or smell of curry and this reminded me of it very much . I could not drink even one cup and I have several candles burning trying to get the smell out of my apartment !
 The taste is not great , but it 's bearable . I could not get used to the smell , the unfinished box is still sitting in my drawer and I 've no plans to stock up in future .
 I bought this tea at my health food store because I thought it looked interesting . The name and the description really pulled me in , as well as the picture on the box . At first I was confused as to what the taste reminded me of , but then I realized it reminded me of pink Necco mints . I do n't drink sugar in tea , but I think if I did and I had put some in this tea it would 've made it overbearing . However , after drinking this tea once every day for a week or so , I 'm finding it to be almost like a chore . I love the health benefits and this tea has actually helped me feel pretty good after drinking a cup , but the taste is becoming a bit overbearing . As I mentioned early in my review , the taste is reminiscent of pink Necco mints -LRB- minus the mint part , of course -RRB- but it can be hard for me to get through a cup of it because after awhile that Necco taste begins to remind me more and more of chalk . Yes , it definitely has a chalky flavor . I will still continue to drink this tea until the box is gone but I do n't think I 'll be buying any more of it unless it has some sort of miraculous effect on me later on down the box . Still , it was worth a try because it was nice at first .
 I used to get `` Juniper Ridge Juniper Ridge White Sage & Wild Mint Tea '' and LOVE it with a hint of raw honey and I wanted to give this tea a try . Very disappointed - the tea was tasteless and not what i had expected .
 I know nettle tea has a pretty distinct taste , but this particular brand was just unbearable . The smell reminded me of fish food pellets , and it had a fishy taste , too . I bought a pound of loose nettles from somewhere else for a lot cheaper , and the taste is so much better .
 These reviews are wrong.It may work but I could not swallow this disgusting swill . I have many Teas . Let me describe this one . Get compost from a gardening store and brew that in a french press . The burnt leaf taste is pungent . Take the pills and buy some earl grey .
 I had hoped this tea would taste better but it just tastes to me like I steeped weeds from the backyard .
 This tea is weak at best when compared to other rose hip teas I have tried . The bags have no string and tag . The bags are the limpest and often fall apart while squeezing . The only brand of tea I have ever had do this . I drink 4 to six cups of tea a day of various types and this is a very lame tea .
 This tea smells so bad I cant get the smell outta my house . I know Valerian root does n't smell like roses but this smell is putrid . The affects work ok but not the best
 I wish I had seen the reviews about the smell before I bought ! It smells like the worst stinky feet I have ever smelled in my life . The taste is pretty awful , too . I tried a few things to make it better -LRB- honey , lemon , I forget what else -RRB- and I still could barely get it down . I did drink a large cup , though , but it did not help me sleep at all . If anything I had a harder time sleeping that usual , but that was probably coincidence . I 'll be throwing this out ! If I could give it no stars I would .
 Supposedly increases milk production ? Yeah , I did n't see a difference after drinking this for a good 3 + weeks . Aside from that , it does n't smell or taste very good . Very herbal medicine-like .
 I was quite disappointed in the lack of freshness of the Bilberry Tea . It has a stale flavor that I 've not encountered in other Bilberry Teas .
 These tea bags were old and rancid . I thought maybe the bags just smelled bad , but the prepared tea tasted old and rancid as well . I am glad that I did not give this as a gift .
 I bought this product hoping that it would ease my hot flashes . Consistently used this product for a few months with no changes or let up of hot flashes .
 I saw this product recommended on Dr Oz show for kidney health so I gave it a try.the taste is not to my likeing so I am trying to ween my way into it . it is an aquiered taste so if you are adventurest and want to try something new than go for it.not really for me though . good luck
 i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is . thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot ! What a mistake ! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted ! Like few others say , it also stinks up your place . I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box , i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup !
 This review is about the product the seller was great!I heard it was good for sleep could n't find it local so i bought it here . It stunk up my house , taste awful . save your money and buy any other tea out there .
 It was n't what I expected and I 'm a little concerned with the powder residue outside the package within the box that seemed excessive . I have n't got sick from this tea but just concerned and wondered if that was to be expected . The results are hard to determine as I settled for this tea versus another that was n't available . I guess it 's doing about as much as what you could expect .
 This stuff taste the worse , no sweetner helps and it stinks up the place ... Stay away from this stuff , what a waste of money .
 I tried about 3 of these tea bags & threw the rest out , they taste horrible , like musty old earth.I do n't recommned it to anyone.I love green tea ... this just tastes nasty , even tried putting lemon & honey in it , but it 's still awful .
 Stale , tastless crap . Dont bother . The hassle to return is riduclous , you have to pay and it has to be thrown out anyway , Why put customer thru all this for cheap little item .
 I had a hard time drinking this tea as it tastes like cardboard ! There 's no taste or flavor . I do n't know if it actually works to strengthen the uterus as I was n't able to make myself have it for the couple of months required . I 'm not sure if all raspberry tea tastes like this or just this brand .
 I think these had been sitting around in a warehouse for a long time , because it took them a long time to send it to me and , when I got it , the tea tasted like cardboard . I 've had red rasberry leaf tea before , so I know it 's not supposed to taste like this ...
 I 'm not a tea drinker , so I 'll start with that right off the bat . However , I was reading online about some non-medication ways of coping with a stuffy nose . One of them mentioned Mullein tea as a natural remedy to combat mucus , so I schlepped down to my local health food store to buy a box of 24 tea bags , for about a buck more than they are here on Amazon . Not only did drinking this tea 3-4 times a day for a couple days have ZERO effect on my stuffy nose , but this was the worst cold/cough/flu I 've had in about 10 years . Obviously I ca n't prove that this was BECAUSE of the tea , but I am convinced that I wasted my money on this useless product , and that , at least for me , it provided absolutely no results for anything . Sorry .
 It tasted horrible . I could n't stand to drink it without lots of sugar By adding all that sugar I was defeating it 's propose .
 I would love to say that this tea was great , but unfortunately it tastes terrible . I read many reviews and most people said it had a tolerable taste , I would like to know these other people are eating in comparison . I added lemon juice , sugar , cranberry juice &#8230; anything recommended to make it taste better , but nothing helped . I would recommend that you just take the pill supplement instead.This is in no was a reflection on the seller , they were great , fast shipping , but the tea was gross !!
 I 've had this tea before , and it does the trick . Tastes nasty , but gets you sleepy . Unfortunately , this past order from , Nutricity , never showed up . I wrote to them and their response was inadequate . I wrote again , and they ignored me . Luckily , Amazon gave me a refund .
 Are you supposed to avoid sugars if you have a urinary tract infection ?
 This tea tastes nasty . Maybe I just dont like sage but it made me gag !
 It has been over three weeks and I still have not received this product . And , they have charged me for it already ...
 I paid over $ 13.00 for `` expedited '' delivery and the product still took FIVE days to arrive . Would not buy from them again .
 I only used two maybe three tea bags and got pregnant - can not drink during pregnancy . Not a bad taste , but I 'm not a big tea fan either .
 if you have misgivings about magnesium stearate , do n't buy this product . it 's a white powder packed with the tea bags that you need to do your research on before you decide about it . i have decided against it after reading various diverse views .
 The Red Clover Tea 30 Bags is over priced and it does nothing for me . Try the health food loose peppermint tea for $ 1.40 per oz . and the tea holder is $ 2.50 .
 I bought this hoping it would reduce my allergy symptoms but it did not . I also do not like the taste of this tea .
 This tea has a very strong odor and taste . Really , I have to double zip lock it and place it in the cabinet above the stove.Since I refuse to throw anything out , I make the tea and put peppermint flavoring -LRB- or mints -RRB- to cover the taste.If you are looking for a sleep remedy try melatonin pills , or chamomile tea .
 I have enjoyed other Alvita teas , so I was looking forward to the Burdock tea . I 'd read that some reviewers complained that the tea was loose in the packaging . I 've seen a little bit of that before and was n't worried . My burdock tea arrived , and more than half of the tea bags were empty , with the burdock root -LRB- and magnesium powder -RRB- loose in the packaging . I do n't know if the tea bags are too porous , or if they are having packaging issues , but I recommend getting this tea as loose &#34; leaf &#34; rather than in tea bags , since it wo n't arrive in the bags .
 it tasted awful almost stale and old and it smell bad . will not buy again bilberry tea was not for me even with all the great benefits .
 Ordered this type of tea because I saw on Dr. Oz 's website that this tea supposedly helps with cravings if you drink it in the afternoon . The taste is bad , horrible ! I had to add some honey to makeit taste a bit better . Tried this for 4 days in a row and it did n't aid in cravings , cravings as in food cravings . This tea sucks . I also read on other websites that if consumed long term , may have side affects . Discontinuing this tea for sure .
 i dont like this tea.i will not buy it agine because it dont test right.dont think i will use it so it is a wast of money
 This tea was suggested by Dr. Oz on his show about how to sleep better . I suffer from insomniaso I bought the wheat germ , Chia seeds and Valerian tea he said would help . Have n't used the wheat germ yet , the Chia seeds we are absolutely loving , especially on top of a crisp salad , but the Valerian tea tastes so horrible I ca n't even force myself to sip it while holding my nose ! It has a real earthy , almost `` manure '' like taste . The woman he had try it on the show sipped it and said `` Oh , that 's not bad ! '' So I took a chance . I swear , they must have paid her to give it a tasty review . It 's vile and I already threw all three boxes of it in the trash !
 I purchased this tea because I was told that it helps with excess gas but this tea has made worsen my gas problem . I am very disappointed with the purchase
 This was a waste of money , the item was late , package was torn up , and the tea was terrible , not a good product in my opinion and bad handling .
 The tea tastes absolutely horrible , but according to Dr Oz , it is supposed to be a belly fat buster . I have not lost any inches like the ladies in the article said they did . I will continue to take until all is gone , if I can hold my breath long enough each time to finish the 8 oz at my meal .
 I did n't see the reviews about the smell of this product before buying . Saw it reviewed on Dr. Oz and thought I would try . It was horrible ! I could n't stomach the smell to make it let alone drink it ! It smells so horrible I was afraid of it coming through my pores and left a nasty smell on my fingers from getting it out of the box .
 I initially liked this mask . I loved the price . However after a month or so , I found that it irritated my skin to the point that I could not use it . I do not consider my skin sensitive . The mask is effective in keeping the light out .
 I was very excited to get these as the reviews were great & it looked very cool . But the first night I tried and it seemed a failure . It 's nice to have eye movement & it does it every well . Very dark inside too . Except the light that comes at bottom and chokes the nose . It 's definitely not for all nose sizes , definitely not mine . Although I do have a regular beautiful nose . Also felt lil rough on ears & bumpy at the back of the head at the velcro . I have to say , I am very-very disappointed .
 The layers of fabric material are n't sewn together , they 're just glued , and this thing fell apart after just 3 months of use . Stay away , cheap product !
 i bought this sleep mast thinking that it will be nice and comfy but its not the case , the plastic band has a uncomfy feel to it and when you sleep on your side it does n't fit right i guess its made only to use laying on your back.it does block out -LRB- SOME -RRB- light but if u look down to your noise you can see that light gets in and that is annoying if your lying down cause u keep seeing light which is clearly the reason i bought it for in the first place -LRB- to keep light out -RRB- which it does n't do a good job at doing . simply if u want to have complete darkness to go sleep in a area that has light this wont work buy something else .
 I painstakingly read the reviews about this sleep mask , and finally -LRB- ! -RRB- ordered this one . To my disappointment , I returned it the next day . Why ? Because the nose guard was too tight , making me feel like I could n't breathe . I will take a slightly light-filled room over feeling like I 'm suffocating any day . Also , the velco closure in the back is bulky , and it felt uncomfortable if I laid on my back . Better luck next time !
 whats good about the productgives the eyes room to blinkkeeps out the darknice touch the ear plugs as wellWhat Kills the productI bought this product in the past maybe a year ago and as it was a year ago still isthat the elastic/velcro band is much too short to go around the head of an average persons headI had to add some eleastic and sew the additions on to make it fit properly ... I hope the MFG willmake the band at least one inch longer for Average persons heads other than that EXCELLENT product
 I bought this sleep mask because of the light that comes into our bedroom as a result of a street light . Unfortunately , it is not as nice as I expected it to be . First , the space available for your nose is incredibly small . Only young children would have a nose that fits in there . As a result , light seeps in from underneath my eyes . Only when I press down on the bottom part of the mask does the light stop coming in . Also , the sides of the mask , where the strap is attached , are pretty hard . Sometimes they hurt the side of my face so I feel forced to take it off . All in all , I would not recommend this mask .
 This is a well made sleep mask , and the materials are quite comfortable . The thing that spoils it for me is the contoured nose . I 'm a 5 ' 6 '' guy and I have an average sized nose , what I found is the contoured nose part lifted the bottom of the mask so it was n't flush with my face , letting light in . It also restricted breathing through my nose , which was the real problem . Because of that I ca n't use it at all.I 'm going to try cutting the nose piece out to see if it works better , which would make it much like the excellent performing but not well made Bucky 40 Blinks .
 OWNED IT A MONTH AND THE SEEMS ON THE ENTIRE SLEEP MASK IS FALLING APART ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU WANT TO THROW MONEY AWAY !
 Out of the package it is a near perfect sleep mask . Exceptionally comfortable and blocks light except for a little bit around the nose area.Sadly , it is not washable or long lasting . OK , you could wash it but it will just fall apart more quickly . Less than three months passed before the fabric started separating away from the foam core . Now , it is useless.Too bad the mfg does n't do something to hold the layers together because it is otherwise wonderfully lightweight , effective and comfortable . Decent price if it lasted a full year . For a throwaway however , it is overpriced .
 The mask arrived on time , undamaged and clean . I tried to wear it a few times but it was just too uncomfortable to sleep with it on .
 The masked blocked out light pretty well , but the fit was uncomfortable . It does n't work for side or stomach sleepers . It probably would work OK for back sleepers . I also found the ear plugs were flimsy and did n't work well .
 if you lie sideways , the bulky construction of it disturbs you . also because of it touching the pillow , gaps opens and light leaks inside . if you lie on your back , now the rough velcro fastened belt is disturbing back of your head . do n't even think about sleeping on your chest
 Pros : hmmm ... better move on to cons.Cons : - Elastic strap placed too low and cuts into ears . - Mask contours blocks just enough light from the bottom to make these worthless . - Raised contours do n't cover eyes , so mask presses on eyes anyway . - By the time I wake up , the mask has made its way to my forehead , regardless of how tight it was . - Flimsy lightweight material.If these cost more than 50 cents a pop to mass produce , these sellers are being ripped off . -- The guy who apparently has a very strange head shape and sense of quality given all the other positive reviews , but seems to be doing fine with the sleep mask he got at wal-mart ... Please note my newfound skepticism and suspicion of every other positive review .
 I 'm not impressed with this thing , does not block out light or fit to my face too well . But for the little it costs really ca n't be too picky .
 Sweet Dreams contour sleeping mask , was Ok , but the company . The promised date of delivery , the charge for that delivery , and customer service was the worst I have ever seen . I will never order anything else from this company again , believe me !
 Hi
 doesnt keep out enough light and the worst part is that the strap that goes over and to the back of your head hurts . It wouldnt be a problem if i slept on my side the whole time but this product has terrible design flaws
 Well , I believed in the positive reviews and sadly this eye mask wasnt that good for me , it feels kinda rough so for that matter it moves akwardly when I sleep on my side . The nose part moves . The velcro thing in the back you can feel it when sleepin on your back ... the strap hurts the top of my ears . . so I couldnt fall asleep with that feeling ... so is not comfy at all ... not nice padding feeling like I thought it would have so is basically kinda rough and nah !!!! . . Ive had better ones that are like 3 dlls and padded ... sadly : / Ill go back to the regular ones then . . thanks . Hope this review help somebody else . Oh and the earplugs , they didnt really work that well either ... : /
 The sleep mask is nothing special . It has a cheap elastic band that is too small . It lets light in around the nose and lower eyes . Very disapointed .
 This is too large for both my face and my wife 's . The molded nose area lets in light and because the mask is so large , the contoured eye areas are n't centered directly above my eyes . The material that the mask is made out of is n't especially soft . Microfiber masks feel much nicer . This mask 's achilles heel , however , is the fact that it WILL NOT stay on at all while I sleep . In fact , simply twitching the muscles in my face a certain way is enough to make it work itself off.Perhaps Shaquille O'Neal loves this mask , but it 's too large and too flawed for me .
 I ordered these hoping that I 'd find a pair that provided total blocking of the light.However , I 'm not sure who they used to model these . Do not provide complete blockage.The nose ridge still allows light to come in . I had intended to use these for mymeditations . The earplugs are nice though . But looks like I 'll have to send backthe eyemask . It also pushes on the back of the head , and I can imagine that there areother pairs out there that are a bit more comfortable .
 The biggest problem I have is with the strap . The strap is fairly wide and comes straight back from the vertical middle of the mask which is where the eyes are . Now think about the human head . What 's in a straight line back from your eyes ? Yes , the strap cuts right across the top of your ears . If I move the strap up the back of my head , it tends to pull the rest of the mask up with it , thus letting light in the bottom . Also the strap is made of stretchy material but it 's a little `` sharp '' on the bottom edge so it can actually be painful on the top of my ears -LRB- I semi-solved this by wrapping the strap with Charmin Toilet paper on either side above the ears -RRB- . I also find that when I lay on my side as I tend to do , it pushes up the other way due to contact with the pillow and lets in a sliver of light around my eyes.And to wrap it up , I typically wake up to find it pushed up onto my forehead . This is possibly just due to the way I sleep , but it kinda negates the benefits of wearing the mask .
 This mask is basically a bra cup for each eye.I did n't realize this before i bought it.Feels kinda annoying with it . I only had it one day but could n't use it.I will stick this mask in my camping bag and use it then , when im drunk and it wo n't realy matter about comfort.It 's not a bad mask if you do n't mind the contour shape , i prefer a flat mask .
 The mask is comfortable and the light truly is blocked out . However , after 2 months , the material started coming apart in layers . If you are looking for something that lasts , do NOT get this mask . Just like every other review for this product , the material truly does come apart in layers .
 At first I liked the eye mask -LRB- the ear plugs were junk and went straight to the bin -RRB- but after about two weeks of using it for my daily 20 min nap the edges of the mask started fraying and they too went to the bin . My search continues .
 This eye mask quickly fell apart on the mask part . It is now in the landfill and I will never buy this one again . I recommend the Sleep Pretty In Pink Women 's Sleep Mask .
 The product is as advertised and very comfortable . However , the mask is made of three layers bonded together . After only eight months the layers separated and the sleep mask is now difficult to wear . I 'm disappointed .
 Do n't get this sleep mask . My head is pretty big -LRB- 24.5 inches -RRB- and no matter what I do I still see light under the mask . I 've gone back to my flax seed , lavender scented , sleep pillow . I have n't tried the ear plugs as I do n't need them at the moment .
 The shape of this is easy on the eyes , but the smell is awful - definitely not something you want to breathe very long . We tried airing it out and washing it to see if the smell would dissipate , but it 's still toxic , and we 've gone past the deadline to return it . What were they thinking when they chose such awful materials for something you wear near your nose ?
 My boyfriend recently bought this for me since I am a very light sleeper and I cant stand for any light to touch my face ... . This item would work if the strap wasnt soooooooo big that it slid off my head . Every morning after I wake up the darn thing is always on the bed somewhere or on the floor . I wake up in the same position I fell asleep in and I know for a fact I do not move around very much . This product is a major waste of money and time . .
 This product does the job of blocking the light and protecting your eyes at night also soft to the touch . The bonus is the carrying case and the ear plus if you need them its worth it . It lasted about 6 month and then came apart unglued itself
 I bought these to replace a wonderful satin pair I foolishly gave away which they do n't make anymore like they used to ! Here 's a few reasons why :1 -RRB- The nose bridge is uncomfortable as it presses down on your nose and I have a small , petite narrow nose .2 -RRB- The Velcro strap is only about 3 '' long which is ridiculous . I had to go out and purchase black Velcro and extent both sides . I have a very small head , by the way . I do n't think anyone wants a fit like a tight rubber-band while they are sleeping , which can cut off circulation.Don ' t buy this sleep mask , you 're throwing your money away . It 's very uncomfortable and unless you want to go through the trouble of doing the alterations as I did and settling for a not-good fit look elsewhere . The stretch strap is too small for any adult head and all in all , it 's a very uncomfortable fit . Yes , it does block out most of the light but you feel like you have a C-Pac mask on , very unnatural . Look for a satin one like they made 20 years ago , that has an adjustable strap . I 'm still looking ...
 My issues with this product were A -RRB- that the strap was too tight , and the velcro caught on my hair , and B -RRB- light was not fully blocked , possibly due to the shape of my nose . It crept in along the bottom of the mask .
 Comfortable and provides good peripheral coverage . Unworthy due to poor assembly . Mask layers began peeling after 1 month of very occasional use .
 I 've never used a sleep mask before . If I had I would have already known that it would be challenging to use one while sleeping on my side . Especially since this one has the contours for your eyes . Just did n't work for me . If I slept on my back it probably would work fine .
 Disappointed in the quality of the mask . It has already started to come apart around the nose and about the nose.About the productIt does block MOST of the light , not all . Some those creep around the nose , not too bad though.Comfortable
 Initially it let some light in and was a bit stiff . Now it is becoming feathery at the edges , the plys are begining to seperate but the light has also lessened as this is a benefit of that . Still , for the price I had expectations which have not been met .
 This is the second sleep mask I 've used . The first was a gift which replaced my black sock/shoelace contraption and lasted probably 5 years before I figured I 'd buy a new one . While this mask performs the task of blocking light admirably , its outer layer of fabric has split from its inner layer after only 2 months of nightly use . I 'll keep using it until it deteriorates further , but I am disappointed and wo n't buy another .
 Overall fit of the sleepmask is good but there is no way toseal it completely around the nose . If you 're using it in aroom that 's already slightly dark , its okay . It just does n'tseal tight enough to use in a lighted room.YMMV
 Do n't recommend whatsoever . Basically , the title of this review says it all . Go to the Walmart Travel Section , there 's a $ 5 gray sleep mask with memory foam that works PERFECTLY ! Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought this almost six months ago and was very happy with it for about three months . It blocks the light almost completely -LRB- a little creeps in on each side of my nose as I have a rather sharp nose -- if yours is not quite so sharp this mask will likely block the light completely -RRB- , does n't impede your eyelids/lashes during REM sleep , and is soft and lightweight . I would have easily given this product five stars if I would have rated it within the first three months of use.However , the bottom edge , particularly near the nose , has frayed revealing two layers of fabric surrounding one of foam . Also , the band has lost most of its elasticity and no longer holds the mask tightly enough against my face.It does n't look like it 's going to last much longer .
 I was extremely happy with this sleep mask when I first received it ; I found the fit to be very comfortable and it 's light blocking abilities to be extremely effective , however , I 'm sure this would vary based on the size & shape of any individual 's head . After the first two months the edge of the mask , which appears to have been hermetically sealed -LRB- in a very cheap fashion -RRB- , simply disappeared and the inside layers simply separated.The ear plugs worked well & the pouch is nice , but but despite being better quality than the mask , neither add much value to the package.I have come to the conclusion that this item is sold with a `` travel pouch '' because it is intended for the occasional use during travel and not for long term situations.All in all , I would say this mask is a good choice for travelers who may occasionally lose the item and want an effective & inexpensive replacement , but not for people who need a consistently good sleep 365 nights per year unless they plan on frequent replacements .
 After all the glowing comments -LRB- which I now am rather suspicious of -RRB- I was eager to get this and try it out . I work nights and am sensitive to light while sleeping so really needed these.-My biggest complaint is the strap that holds it on . It is very hard and scratchy and seems to position too low to sit comfortably over the ears , so it rubs on my ears all night . When I wake up my ears hurt and I 've noticed it has actually started to break the skin . Also , the strap is very short - it is Velcro and I have to on the very ends of each strap so that it barely holds . I read other comments on this and thought the people must have huge heads or something - but I have a very average sized head and the strap is indeed short.-These let in an awful lot of light from the bottoms , around the nose area etc.-The area for your eyes to open is very small , so if it moves at all you ca n't open your eyes without hitting the mask . And believe me , these will not stay in one spot for long.So I 'm off to find a better pair ...
 I have been buying the really cheap satin eye masks from the local drug store that just have the elastic to hold them in place . I should have stuck to those , because this mask is just not the right fit for my face . I think it could be good for someone with a larger face and/or nose . On me , though , if I pulled it down far enough to keep most of the light out , the elastic band would be over my ears , which was very uncomfortable . Plus , it was way far down on my nose , which kept causing me to wake up and push it up . It did n't stay in place well at all , and I gave up after three nights of trying to wear it .
 This item looks good from the pictures but when I recieved and tried it out thats another story.Light gets in around the nose area because the mask has no support.When you don this mask light appears at the bottum of mask around the nose and lower eyes.They need to design a way so that the lower portion of mask will remain against your face.Right now there is no support so there is always a gap .
 This is the worst sleep mask I 've ever seen . I am wondering why the review was not that bad which seduced me to buy it . But I certainly regret for my decision . It worked OK at the beginning but soon degraded when the inner cloth detached and the string became loose.Now it is completely unusable and it is only 3 month . Unacceptable !
 This is a Very comfortable mask , HOWEVER maybe I just have a big head lol but the straps just barely fit around my head and sometimes the straps will come apart due to this . So for all those `` small head '' people , buy it . For all those woman with `` Elaine '' from Seinfeld heads
 I HAD been a very satisfied customer having used this item ~ 3x per week since purchasing about 5 months ago , until it started to fall apart ! The mask itself works very well to block out even very bright lights and it 's nice that the areas around each eye are convex to allow for little to no pressure directly over the eye socket . The problem I have recently seen develop is the soft inside layer of the mask peeling away from the major part of the mask . This has been very frustrating as I like the functionality of the mask but the quality seems to be lacking ... have bought $ 1 masks that lasted longer than this mask did .
 I honestly was n't satisfied with this product and do n't even use it anymore . The strap that goes around you 're head is extremely uncomfortable at where it meets at the back of you 're head . Also light easily comes in where you 're nose goes , and I have an average size nose ... so I was unhappy with that too .
 Problems with the straps as they cut into my ears . . if you make the strap a little looser in the back the hard plastic part of the velcro is exposed and will make noises on your pillow when moving around at night . I do not have a thin nose and light still creeps in on the side ... also if you raise your eyebrows at all the mask will creep up higher and higher and let light in . . no bueno . . its going back . .
 I was thrilled when I got this eye mask , it had everything I was looking for . It was molded , so it was super comfortable , and very light on your face . And it kept out absolutely all light . However , after only two weeks of wearing the mask every night , the fabric all started peeling away . It continued until the fabric on either side of the mask was completely unconnected from the foam . I was very disappointed .
 At first I was optimistic about this sleep mask . It seemed soft and comfortable enough . Once wearing it , it was n't big enough for my head . The velcro in the back had to be at its lowest possible setting in order to be loose enough to be comfortable.The nose indention did not fit my face at all.Light went through because of this.After wearing it for the first 2 nights I had to return it . It was n't working right . It came up off my face several times in the night , and I do n't roll around or move in my sleep . It was uncomfortable around the ears.Didn ' t need the earplugs , was just a bonus which was nice , but the mask was just so bad that it did n't make a difference .
 My husband got me this sleep mask to replace an old one and I absolutely love the contoured shape that does n't press on your eyes . I am extremely sensitive to light when sleeping and easily wake up and this mask keeps out the light and is very comfortable and I found I slept better than with other sleep masks because it does n't press on your eyes . However , after about 6 months of nightly use , the inner lining came off of the foam the mask is constructed of and then rested on my eyes , defeating the purpose of the contoured shape of the mask and the foam without the lining is not at all comfortable against your face . I loved the mask so much that I bought another one from Amazon and alas , the same thing happened , this time after only about 4 months of use . I am now trying another brand with the same contoured shape that Amazon does not carry and hoping it lasts longer . I absolutely love the shape of this mask , but this particular mask just does not hold up well to nightly use .
 This was initially one of the most comfortable and effective sleep masks I had used , but when it began to fall apart -LRB- outer fabric and inner padding started to separate completely -RRB- , I threw it out . With the outer fabric separated from the inner padding , the mask was no longer comfortable , and there was no way I could really either fix it myself or deal with it . It ended up in the trash after about 5 months .
 This item marketed with 2 free ear plugs - arrived with one . This is extremely annoying - especially when coupled with the fact that the mask is clearly of very inferior quality and workmanship .
 The concept is good . Room around the eyes so its not pressing against the eyelids . The problem with this mask is the material . It was sold as breathable fabric . This is a lie . It is polyester or some sort of synthetic material . I broke out with acne after one wearing and I do not have acne or suffer from breakouts I am in my 30 's and have not had acne on my face since being a teenager -RRB- .
 My first disappointment with the mask was with the fit ; there is a gap around the nose . But given that my nose is narrow . and it was only a small amount of light getting in , I was willing to overlook that . Of course that would may have been more of an issue if I was trying to sleep in a brighter environment but I was using mainly to keep the morning light from waking me up.However after only a few weeks of use , the inner layer of fabric separated from the outer . I may be able to repair with some fabric glue but I will most likely just look for a better quality product .
 Pros
 First off , it might be OK if you sleep like a mummy - always on your back , and never moving . But if you roll on your side , forget it . And as has been noted , it lets light in around the nose , which is killer.A black t-shirt works better .
 I was excited about this product having read the reviews , but was left disappointed . It felt like I was trying to sleep with a masquerade mask on . Overall , it 's a nice looking product that may work for some , but it just was n't for me . I did n't try the ear plugs.Pros : - Nice , smooth material - The part that covers the eyes is convex so that it does n't press on your eyelids . You can actually completely open your eyes . - The straps are stretchy and have velcro so that you can adjust them around your head.Cons : - The part that comes over the nose is narrow . I have a wide nose so it felt like the mask was pinching my nose . It was too uncomfortable for me , this was the deal breaker . I tried pushing the mask further up my nose so it would n't pinch , but then light would seep in from under , which defeats the purpose of why I bought the mask . - The material is slightly stiff . I 'm a side sleeper so the mask would move when I would get on my side . Maybe it softens with time , but I 'm too impatient to find out .
 It did not keep the light out below eyes on each side of nose . It may fit the shape of some faces , but will not fit all being made so rigidly .
 I 've been wearing these every night for several years . I 've tried several brands of sleep masks and these really are the most comfortable . They do a great job of blocking out light and are so lightweight I barely notice them.HOWEVER , the fabric invariably detaches after a few weeks of use , eventually become so bad that you have to buy a brand new mask . Basically , if you wear these every night you will need to buy a new pair every 6-8 weeks . And do n't even think about washing them - one good wash is enough to render them totally useless.If the manufacturer would just fix this one fatal flaw this would be a five star product . Honestly , all they need to do is add some stiching or apply a more dirable adhesive at the edges around the nose . I would glady pay 4x the price for these masks if they did n't fall apart so easily .
 Purchased and tried the Lewis N. Clark Comfort Eye Mask , the Dream Essentials Sweet Dreams , and the Dream Essentials Escape Luxury Sleep Mask.The Dream Essentials Sweet Dreams Eye Mask is lightweight and comfortable but unfortunately lets in light from the sides of my nose.Only the Dream Essentials Escape keeps out all the light .
 The lining of the face mask is detaching from the foam . Both front and back lining are fixed to the foam with adhesive and sewn only in the elastic strap area . Came apart within six months of daily use .
 The product was very comfortable . However , the components started coming apart after the 3rd night of using it , if the product was longer lasting it would definitly have gotten a much higher rating .
 Simply put , the form fitting might work on some facial configurations but did n't work on mine . Light seaped in easily and , because it was form fitted , there was nothing I could do . The earplugs are a joke . They are made of some sort of spongey material that resembles packing peanuts . Not only do they not block sound , they were mal-shaped after trying them on.A total waste of money .
 The lining -LRB- which sits against your face -RRB- is glued onto the front part of the mask . The glue stopped working for me within 3 months .
 Excited when I received this thinking it would be great because of the shape of the mask . It will not stay on and I ended up losing sleep trying to find it throughout the night . It is also very uncomfortable , and the ear plugs are a joke .
 This product works for a few months , but has fallen apart into layers . Otherwise it works pretty well , the material is light and soft .
 I was not able to eliminate the light between the nose and cheeks in the mask . Additionally , I find the strap uncomfortable enough to inhibit sleep . I have not used it in weeks.I would not recommend this sleep mask .
 i am totally upset with the quality of this item - - it does n't stay on your head and mine feel apart after 2 weeks - - i am actually on amazon to look for a better one since this one is so bad
 This thing would work more as a bra then a face mask ! The nose piece lets light flow through . I would never buy it again . What a waste of money
 These look great , but do n't work too well.The part that covers the nose actually let 's in lots of light , and is not that comfortable on the nose.I have a few pairs of eye masks - I travel a lot , and just leave them in different lugagge/bags to save timepacking.By far the best ones are the Bucky brand
 The mask worked sort of well at first . But the whole product is pointless since it does n't fit correctly . Light is peeking in too much . It only works if it sits on your face perfectly , and it simply will not do this . The elastic strap also wears very easily and quickly . Once this happens it becomes pretty loose . By 1 week the mask only partially blocks light , which is pointless since I am still waking up just as much .
 The straps on the mask are connected at such a point -LRB- and an odd angle -RRB- that the mask rubs on my ears and is painful . If I adjust so the mask does not rub it slides off very easily . It also is slightly too small around and is tight . I have an average sized head so anyone with a larger head should not buy this product . It also allows light in at the nose . I can not even use this . Waste of money .
 I was excited about this . I 'd had a contoured sleeping mask once before and wore it until it wore out , so I was glad to be getting another one . The one I 'd owned before came from a different source and a different manufacturer . I finally received this one and , when I went to bed I put it on . It squeezed my nose . Really . The shape of the nose near the bottom caused it to partially pinch my nose closed . I am a woman with an average nose . If it squeezes my nose , it would be worse for anyone with a large or wide nose . Anyone with any sort of sleeping problem probably knows that your nose needs to be as open as possible in order to sleep well . I already have stuffy nose problems , and this mask only adds to that . Because of the nose squeeze and pinch , I ca n't wear the mask . It causes breathing problems . I have to breathe out of my mouth . I will be returning the mask to the seller .
 I greatly regret purchasing this product . It fails at doing its primary -LRB- really , sole -RRB- job
 I ordered a medium and the mask was way too large for my face . . There were only 2 sizes available at my time of purchase
 Needs more velcro . I have a normal sized head with poofy curly hair and there was a marginal piece of velcro left to stick when wrapped around my head.It is oddly shaped . To center the eye pockets makes the nose area crush your nostrils closed , so I have to place it higher on my face , which defeats the purpose of the eye pockets . And it lets in more light.I thought my face/head just might be oddly shaped ; no , my husband gave this item the same review .
 I 'm not sure why this mask is rated so highly . I 've been using it for about three weeks before i reviewed it . Firstly , sure it 's lightweight and fits nicely around the face . However the nose part is uncomfortable and pinches the top part of my nose . Also the velcro straps for the back of the head have sharp-ish edges and can get very uncomfortable around the years , and the velcro gets stuck in my hair . Really not recommended . Unless you have short hair and a small narrow nose !
 This would be _ the _ ideal sleep mask for me
 I 'm not wearing my new sleep mask . Firstly the shape does n't seem to fit that well . The contour actually makes it uncomfortable as it presses against my nose especially if I want to turn my head . Secondly , the velcrose fastener gets stuck to my hair . If you sleep only on your back and do n't move it is probably fine .
 I am very sensitive to light when I sleep . Until now , I have been relying on cheap eye covers handed out on long international flights . After discovering this product and reading the reviews , I was very excited . The product looks like a small bra . The material is similar to a bra with padding . It is comfortable and provides excellent light protection . However , the back strap that goes behind the head is uncomfortable . It has a velcro joint to adjust the size of the strap , and this lands right behind my head . So , when I sleep on my back , I can feel it pressing against my head and it is uncomfortable . Bad design !
 I returned this mask after 1 night of use . It did not work for me at all . Light was still considerably let in , it tickled my face if I moved slightly , and most importantly , even with the contouring my eyelids still touched the mask , which is a deal breaker for me . I returned it for the Bucky 's 40 Blinks mask , and that works much better . I found there to be no need to cover the nose , which the Bucky 's does not . This might work for some , but not for me .
 I bought this eyemask recently and after my first night of use , i knew it was n't for me . I was woken up many times by pains in my ear because the bare velcro strip was pressing into the top of my ear . HUGE CON . Like with that issue , the eyemask is n't even worth it . I 'm very dissapointed in my eyebra .
 I love the concept of this product , and , upon receiving it , liked the adjustable Velcro head strap , and the material it was made of . But my fiancee had an issue with the nose fit -- he has a fairly wide , puggy nose -- and ultimately we 're returning it so we can find something less fitted.Basically , just determine if your nose looks like the shape of the one in the picture . I know you ca n't please all the people all the time ; this time it was just our turn .
 After a few months the foam layer came away from the poly layer . I had to sew the layers back together . Too much effort to put into a low price product . Just spend more on a higher quality build .
 Maybe I just had my other shade for too long , -LRB- 3 years maybe ? -RRB- and I grew spoiled . I had high hopes for this shade being a great replacement with all the glowing reviews , but I 'm just not feeling this the way they are . Frankly I just do n't get it . For starters , the edges of this mask are very scratchy and stiff , -LRB- think a flimsy piece of cardboard -RRB- , so that as you 're lying with it , the edges will dig into your face rather noticeably.The pockets for your eyes are very deep with this , I doubt you 'd feel the mask even with fake eyelashes if you were wearing them . -LRB- Seriously this thing is like a bra for your face -RRB- But as they are that deep it poses another problem for the mask . When you 're laying on your side , it is those pockets that you 're laying on , and it pushes the mask pretty firmly into a centralized location on your face . It is like sleeping on a lumpy pillow and you 're unable to lie on your side without your head being at a strange angle.Now if you sleep on your back , the Velcro does not attach at the side of the mask , but directly behind it . So a lump of Velcro is directly under your head.These are all the deal breakers for me . I can not sleep with this mask , as much as I wanted it to be a replacement for my old one.It does cut out on light really well , the nose allows some light in , but it is minimal . The rest of the mask is pretty firmly sealed to your face . It is also very rigid in form , but it flexes pretty well too . I have n't tested it long enough , but as thin as it is , it seems like it would vent pretty well too for that matter , far better than my old one I am sure.I like this company as it is the same place I picked up my old mask , which I guess has been discontinued since then . In any case , I 'll keep looking , this just was n't the mask for me is all .
 I purchased a sleeping mask from them in Feb. and it started to come apart right away but I put up with it until it bugs me too much . I was thinking of buying a few more to have backup so I called the vendor . He told me he was sorry for the problems and he would send me a new mask to replace the defective one , he said they have a new way to attach the back to the front so now the peeling would n't happen again.I was thrilled that he would send me another one to replace mine , but it never came and I waited and waited and called again , this time I had to leave a message , to this date I have no received any calls , emails or product from this company so for now I would stay away.I called them one last time and left a message , it been about a week and they have not replied to any of my attempts to resolve this issue.The reason I am so upset about this is when I first called Dream Essentials the guy was nice and told me that they had issues with how the liner that touches your face was attached to the foam mask . He said that the process has been changed so the liner coming off the inside of the mask should n't happen in the future . This was the time he told me he would send me a replacement , he asked if the address on the order was correct , I said yes.I was happy but of course the nice gesture to send me a replacement was just words and no intension to really send me a replacement . Had they did what they offered to do and that was to replace my defective mask I would have ordered at least 2 more.Since then all I get is ignored and none of my calls are returned . I guess I wo n't be getting a replacement so consider this my update.I WOULD STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY AND NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM , A COMPANY WHO DOES N'T CARE ABOUT THE CUSTOMERS SHOULD BE KNOWN BY ALL SO THEY WO N'T HAVE TO GO THROUGH WHAT I DID .
 I bought this excitedly based on the reviews here and for the first 3 months it was good . Now the story turns for the worst , it started with an eye reaction and then my entire top half of my face broke out in a rash . After i stopped wearing the mask my rash went away . I would not recommend this mask to anyone with sensitive skin .
 I purchased this product for overnight flights and after the first couple of trips the inside layer of material began to separate . I contacted the vendor and was sent another , as I was told they had been sent a bad batch . Well , the same thing happened with the second mask , same amount of times used and same layer of material .
 At first I really loved this sleep mask . I was concerned about the outdents for your eyes , but it worked well . The bottom line is , they are cheap . After 2-3 weeks of use the silky part of the mask started coming off making it very annoying to use the sleep mask . I 'd spring for something a little more expensive if you actually want a product that will last .
 I need a sleeping mask regularly because I live in a dorm with roommates who wake up and turn lights on before I 'm ready to start my day . This worked really well , for a while . I 'm sensitive to anything pressing against my eyes , and I 'm sensitive to getting headaches if the strap is too tight and hurts my ears . This has an adjustable velcro strap to prevent ear pain and the contoured eyes keep the pressure away.Problem is , I 've been using this for about half a semester and the lining came undone , so the nylon layer that touches the face has completely fallen off . It got me through for a short while , but not nearly long enough .
 The concept behind this mask is quite good . Allowing you to open your eyes under the mask separates this from most other sleep masks . However , they are very poorly made . The mask pieces are somehow glued together and the mask I have had for all of about two monts is falling apart as the `` layers '' of material used to make the mask are separating . Instead of stiching the parts together , the manufacturer cut corners and glued them . I do not want to have to buy a new sleep mask every few months . I will look elsewhere for a better made mask .
 First of all this product is identical to the `` Lights Out Contoured Sleeping Mask '' by Spacific Essentials , except that this mask costs less . I ordered both , and they are identical.Second , the Velcro closure on the back of the head-strap forms an uncomfortable ` bump ' on the back of my head that makes it almost impossible to sleep with this mask on.Third , the mask does leak some light in around the nose.I am still looking .
 Mask is very comfortable and did the job for the first 6 months or so but then slowly started coming apart .
 Took it out of the box , put it on ... Fits well , although a little bit of light peeked in from the bottom , but it was pretty comfortable.Unfortunately , when I took it off I noticed that one end of the elastic strap that attaches directly to the eyepiece was frayed and only being held on by threads . I 'm in the process of returning it to Amazon.I do n't think this is a one off problem ... overall the manufacturing quality seemed fairly poor , irregardless of the defect in my particular mask . Definitely wo n't be buying anything else from Dream Essentials ...
 It looks like a great idea , but needs more research ! The mask does not `` fit all '' ! Can not move it higher up when needed ! I was hoping that the curves of this mask were gon na solve multiple problems , like light penetrating , pressure on nose and eyes , discomfort , ets . . But for me it turned out to be more stylish then comfy . The problem is that while designers gave too much of horizontal space for the `` eye curve '' , they did not give enough vertical space where needed . In other words , the `` eye socket '' curves -LRB- or cups ? -RRB- are stretched horisontally right to the ears , but there is not enough height in the actual eye area to be able to adjust the mask - and that makes the fit less universal . My problem with the mask
 This was a christmas present and it seemed like a good idea . An oversized sleeping mask that 's padded . Unfortunately it looks like you are wearing a bra on your face . In fact it even feels like it 's contoured like one . The thing that 's good is that it keeps your eyeballs from having pressure applied to them but again it looks to all passengers around you like you are sleeping with a bra on your face . It 's also rather large for an eye mask , maybe 2-3x bigger than any other I 've seen .
 im a 110 lbs woman and this mask was way to big for my face . Seems like more of a mans mask . I also didnt like the nose being covered .
 I 'm kind of bummed that this mask is on sale at a regular price of $ 7,95 on the seller 's website -LRB- Dream Essentials -RRB- . I find ridiculous to pretend the full price is $ 12,95 and then offer a fake discount to attract customers . No matter how good it is .
 This has got to be the worst blackout sleep mask everDream Essentials Sweet Dreams Contoured Sleep Mask with Earplugs and Travel Pouch ~ Blackproduced ! Along with the terrible ear plugs ! Lets start with the mask , the most uncomfortable mask I have ever put on , -LRB- the complimentary sleep masks given in Hotels are much better ! -RRB- The thing looks like a Bra for your face , no cushioning around the eyes , I looked like a raccoon when I took it off . If you sleep on your back you are in for a very uncomfortable night ! The Velcro strap is thick and the closure on the back can give you a headache , I got one ! The straps slide down between your ears and head and cut in viciously , also terrible light leakage around the stiff uncomfortable nose protrusion . Your eyelashes hit the supposed comfort raised eye pieces enough to drive you nuts , very hot mask does not breath at all . The ear plugs smashed together after first use and did not re inflate , and the travel pouch , what a joke , ripped the first time I attempted to pull it close . A BIG waste of money . I never write a bad review but this mask is , well should I say is a piece of * @ # ! I gave it a try for 2 sleep sessions , guess where it is now ? In the trash bag anxiously waiting its departure from my home.Steal a hotel freebie , , , lol.Please trust this review , sleep mask is a total waste of today 's hard earned money !
 Cervical collars all have `` foam '' padding in certain places to create a comfortable fit . This collar is actually made from a very stiff styrofoam material that came folded in the box and did not `` round out '' after unpacking . It 's extremely uncomfortable for someone with a sore neck . It is in two pieces and the tight fold from storage and packaging made the inside pieces on either side rub into the neck . Keep shopping .
 On the one hand , I 'm well aware that I get what I pay for . On the other hand , I was fairly certain that the low price on this collar was/is an indication that it did n't have much to offer . Therefore , my bad . I should have -LRB- and maybe will -RRB- shell out lots more $ $ for a collar that is comfortable enough to wear , even when sleeping .
 this machine is real bad cant run a 8 wrap so forget about a 10 wrap i wouldnt use this thing my wife got me if you paid me
 Motor to run water is very loud ... item is very large ... difficult to assemble ... sounds are weak & scrambled.Normally I have very good luck with homedics products . It is not worth it at any price .
 This was a good deal while it lasted , about 9 months and then it gradually lost function . First the up-and-down travel got intermittent , then conked out entirely , then power went out altogether . No local distributors - I bought it from Fry 's , but they have discontinued it , so now I 'm stuck with it . It was nice while it lasted . Good price for the functions if only there was a repair center or return oulet nearby . My advice in general is to look carefully at the warantees on these things . They will break down eventually .
 This is a shaker only in the sense that a fountain drink with a plastic lid is also a shaker . I 've used mine only lightly , in my kitchen . I have n't even thrown it in my gym bag ... good thing too , because IT LEAKS.There are two places it leaks , and you can see both in the picture provided . It leaks around the rim , where the orange lid meets the opaque cup . And it leaks at the hinge for the cap on top -- not through the cap itself , but at the spot where the cap is connected to the rest of the lid . IT LEAKS IN TWO PLACES . If you shake it , prepare to get a little wet.Yeah , it 's only 2 something . But you get less than what you pay for . Put your dollars towards a more expensive higher quality shaker ... because that 's what you 're going to have to end up buying anyway .
 This product did not work for me . I tried crystal , thai sticks , and now this thai spray on . I sprayed four spritzes on each armpit for a week straight . Every single day I noticed body odor by noon . People around me even started commenting on the odor , which was extremely embarrassing . Maybe this works for women who do n't sweat much for a guy like me who sweats a lot , this was not a product that was good enough for daily use . I still have so much of the tube left and have no idea what to do with it . Another purchase wasted ...
 The mist provided all day protection for the first 10 days . Afterwards , it only worked for approximately 4 hours .
 I wish I could give it less than a star !! I do n't know what this stuff is but it does n't work . Do n't waste your money . I do n't know how it could possibly work for anyone . I started having underarm odor in my late 20 's . Nothing works , I 've found a product called Dr Mist that is supposed to be guaranteed to work that I might try . I tried using this stuff for a week or so and if anything it made my odor WORSE ! It went directly in the trash !
 I started using this after abandoning the use of aluminum-based antiperspirants . The product does n't effect the amount you sweat , but I did n't really expect it to . I 've always perspired a great deal , and I continued to do so when using this , but there was no odor or stink.Using the product is a little tricky since it is essentially water and minerals mixed together . It will run like crazy down your arms/chest especially if you use the maximum-recommended 6 squirts under each arm . The other thing to consider is that it will leave white residue stains if you spray it around furniture or a wooden vanity.The odor-protection lasted a good month , but then I noticed that the product became less and less effective . Eventually , I stank so bad it was like I was n't wearing any deodorant at all . I had to quit using it out of sheer embarrassment . It appears that my body adapted to it quickly and it became ineffective over time . Not sure if this is the case with everyone who uses it , but it 's something to keep in mind .
 The product contains a very confusing label . Foremost , the product is called `` Natural Factors Mixed Tocopherol Vitamin E '' on Amazon 's website . I was specifically looking for the `` Mixed Tocopherol '' variety of Vitamin E. Unfortunately , the `` Supplement Facts '' portion of the label indicates `` Vitamn E -LRB- as d-alpha tocopherol -RRB- '' . It further indicates '' -LRB- from natural mixed tocopherols including beta , delta , & gamma -RRB- '' . So what does that actually mean ? You 're only getting the `` d-alpha '' from the batch of ingredients ? I have n't seen other products with such cryptic descriptions . The softgels are the same yellow/clear color from other d-Alpha products , very different from the reddish softgels I 've had in legitimate Mixed Tocopherol products.Further , the label claims `` Product of USA '' , but indicates its `` Manufactured by Natural Factors Canada '' . From their website , all of Natural Factors ' factories are in Canada . How can it then be a `` Product of USA '' as they claim ? Perhaps all of the `` Made in China '' labels on everything else we buy can now add a `` Product of USA '' underneath.Bottom line -- if you 're looking for `` Mixed Tocopherols '' , look elsewhere . This product is too dubious .
 This is a great idea , but needs a few adjustments before I would purchase it . First , the tweezers and scissors are cheaply made ; the tweezers broke because they 're plastic . The scissors are not quite sharp enough to get a clean cut . Second , the case is too small . Once I took the things out to have a look , I had a very hard time putting them back so that the lid would close all the way . I would not recommend this kit to anyone unless those things were adjusted , but it was a good concept .
 Shipped great . I placed the diffuser in a very small area in my bathroom and it 's been there for the last three days . I ca n't smell a thing and I have a good smeller . Very disappointed because I ordered 2 and wish I had n't ordered at all.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY in my opinion ... . Just being honest .
 Lavender scent was extremely mild/weak . It 's completely useless even in a small enclosed bathroom.Gardenia scent was much better/stronger . Do n't waste your money on the Lavender scent .
 The store has really good customer service , but the product did n't do anything for me . It smelled more of sugar than sandalwood .
 I have purchased several reed diffusers and these ones are poor the reeds do not soak up the liquid as quickly as others , and consequently the perfume is not as strong as it should be .
 The scent smells really nice but you ca n't even smell it unless you lean over the top of it . I 've had reed diffusers before that you can smell as soon as you walk in the room but this one is not even close . Kinda waste of money .
 I am very disappointed in the two fragrance diffusers which I purchased . Their scents were very pleasing , however , what good is a diffused scent if it 's limited range is only two feet ? I have used Essenza scent diffusers , and they really work well . They will fill an entire room with a fragrance or scent , whereas Candle Bay reed diffusers which I tried do NOT fill a room with fragrance . I do not recommend this product . I suppose the expression , `` You get what you pay for '' is quite true in the matter of reed scent diffusers . Incidentally , the gardenia fragrance I purchased was the 8 . Fl size , the Indian Chai only 2 . Fl .
 This had no aroma when put in the room and was leaking when I received it .
 After researching a more natural way to get energy I came across blue green algae ... Did n't do all that much for me as far as energy but I do think that it may help those with weak immune systems .
 When my daughter turned eighteen her doctor recommended her to get on a blue-green algae supplement to develop a healthy foundation . Source Naturals seemed to be on the top of the list here , so I bought a bottle . The benefits as described are great , but when my daughter opened the bottle and placed one in her mouth , she gagged . I smelled the bottle and it smelled fishy and putrid . I thought it was a bad batch , but after returning and receiving another one , it had the same odor . I was also disappointed at the fact that the label read 500MG but was referring to two tablets - so they 're only 250mg each.If you can get past the unappetizing smell and pop it in your mouth , this product is fine . My daughter ca n't , so I bought herthis Blue-green Algaefor around the same price . It provides the same benefits without the terrible odor and my daughter has been taking it for four weeks now , no problem .
 I bought Degree Ultra Clear at Wal-Mart for the first time two days ago because I was looking for a product that would n't leave white marks on my clothes . The very first time I put it on , it left white marks on my black bra ! I could n't believe it . AND , it did not work as an anti-perspirant . When I called the Customer Service number on the package they said I had to apply the product and then wait to get dressed . Hmmm , the advertising does n't say that . And , they said something must be unique about my body chemistry since the anti-perspirant did n't work.I would not suggest buying this product .
 I was looking for a moderately priced aftershave that has some character . This one had good ratings from quite a few people . However , I was disappointed . It 's more in the category of Gillette and Nivia and does not deserve the pricing it has . It does have some faint aroma , but it only lasts less than an hour . Plus it has push-down squirt , which is not inconvenient , but will also leave a good amount of aftershave unusable in the end.My search continues ...
 Big mistake buying from `` novacompanies '' no one home when it comes to honoring `` money back guarantee '' or service.Pump is totally worthless . Does n't work at all . Even after positive pressure to the vacuum port , it filled the tank instead of draining it ! And that is with no exit hose and zero back pressure !
 I bought this product after researching it online , and it sounded ok , so I thought I might give it a try.The package came promptly and the very next day , I took the first pill.It was terrible !!!! I had head aches , dizzy spells , shortness of breath , no energy , pain in my chest , rapid heart beat , gray clouds in my eyes - the works!I was actually quite unsettled , by what I was experiencing.It too a full 2 days for these side affects to wear off , and I quickly threw the pills away.This is not safe for anyone to take!I will say that I was amazed the first hour -LRB- after I took the pill -RRB- , because I actually saw weight loss.I did n't get a chance to weigh myself , but it was probably water weight anyway.Don ' t buy this product ! Save your Money !
 I live in Phoenix , Arizona and my feet take a beating year around . I have horribly dry feet and my right heel has a habitual crack that I can not get rid of . I thought I would give these booties -LRB- plus the recommended tea tree oil lotion ; sold separately -RRB- a try for a deep moisturizing . I wore them for several hours the first night , and it actually seemed to help , for about an hour . Then almost magically after an hour , my dry feet returned to their normal state . I attempted to wear them overnight , but they annoyed me so much that I could n't sleep . The gel-like insides cling to your feet . It almost feels like you have wet socks on . They are one size fits all , so they are a little big for my size 7 foot . Therefore , when walking in them , the booties slide around a little . Overall , I would not purchase again . Especially , for the $ 20 price tag , and that is just for the booties .
 I only used this product for 3 days and then I experienced a nightmare . My feet itched so bad I could n't sleep and then the swelling slowly moved up my body . I finally was forced to seek medical attention because I could no longer move my fingers . I do not suffer from allergies but apparently there is something in these booties . Watch out !
 These capsules which contain the liquid primrose oil are a challenge to swallow . The capsules are quite large in size . This is a brand I will avoid buying in the future .
 I got this item based on reading all of the positive feed back it seems to have but I do n't know what these people are using because it definitely ca n't be this exact razor . The razor is dull , it snags my hair and it feels thin and cheaply made . I used it once and it seemed to do ok but the second time it just yanked my hair out of my head and already have to replace the blade . If you do decide to get this item add some replacement blades to your order because i swear the blades are one use blades only . OR I suggest just getting something that cost a little more and that has better quality .
 When you have that sleeveless black top or dress that you love to wear you dread the accumulation of white deodorant schmear in the armpit area . I purchased Dove Ultimate Clear hoping against all hopes that it would be the ticket to ending the non-stop armpit check . Alas , it is not all I had hoped for . it 's not even close . I think it might have slightly reduced the amount of deodorant dander left , but by no means is it undetectible or clear . The search continues ...
 appears to be weak , assume it takes long to work , will give it a chance , nothing more to report , 5htp l00 capsules
 I did not purchase my Maddak compression sock aid from Amazon , but wish I had , because it would be going back . Despite the `` extra wide '' description , the plastic does not fit around large -LRB- 18 '' -RRB- calves , and on swollen painful legs , it 's actually hurts pulling the thing up the back of your calf . -LRB- Please look at the images on their website ... the plastic guide positively does not fit around larger calves as it shows it should in the model 's picture -RRB- 1 . Perhaps due to not fitting around my calves , I can not get the thing to pull the sock up my leg . It does make it to just above my ankle , and that 's why it gets 2 stars ... it does what is the hardest part for me . Once it 's there , I can get the sock the rest of the way on .2 . It hurts , as stated above .3 . While it seems mostly sturdy when put together , I would not call this capable of `` coming apart for travel . '' It 's all plastic construction , and the screws that you assemble it with are n't really screws . They are male and female parts that snap together . For those with weak/arthritic hands , snapping them together once is hard/painful enough , I ca n't imagine doing it again . Also , due to them being plastic , I would n't think they would last more than two or three times of being taken apart and put back together . To be fair , though , I have not tried it . Unless you have incredibly strong fingers and fingernails , however , you will need , at minimum , a flat-head screwdriver to pry the `` screws '' apart for dis-assembly .4 . The handles are too short for fluffy folk , even short people . -LRB- I see Joe mentioned the handle height too . I 'm 5 ' 1 '' and I believe they are too short , as well -RRB- Or maybe because it 's plastic , and bends/flexes , it 's hard to get ahold of the second handle to pull the device up.Bottom line , I think there are better options on the market , particularly for large people , and people with extreme swelling . For a thin person , the Maddak device would probably work reasonably well , but I definitely would not recommend taking it apart .
 I gave this product a one star rating and returned it for the following reasons.Most regular compression sock aids will accommodate calf measurements up to 16 '' . The first time I tried to use it I discovered it was too small for me . I have a 22 '' calf measurement and ordered a Medi Big Butler product that accommodates calf sizes up to 24 '' . The Maddak literature needs to include calf size information.Also , the product required assembly . The handles and center post have to be screwed into the base . I am sure this was to provide portability . I , however , have arthritis in my hands which made assembling the product extremely difficult . I had to ask one of my adult children to assembly it for me . I do n't travel , so the portability feature is worthless to me . The screws are plastic which seem to me to be prone to stripping easily . I did n't want to test that feature.Overall , I would say the design is rather poor . I returned this product and purchased a steel , plastic coated wire frame model that works with larger sized people from another company .
 Be warned ! This does not include the telescoping pole . How it can be advertized as a `` 7 ' telescoping squeegee '' when the 7 ' telescoping pole is n't included is a mystery . Misleading since nothing in product description mentions that the pole is n't included .
 The 10 '' wiper blade I received was wavy and in no way flat -LRB- more like a happy face -RRB- . It was impossible to clean any window , as a large 6 '' section in the middle of the blade was always completely missed . Also , the wiper blade is too firm and it 's very difficult to get any kind of a clean `` squeedge '' . The telescopic pole extends to 6.5 ' . When fully extended , it is fairly wobbly and does n't work well . The wiper blade screws on to the pole so maybe I can find a better blade elsewhere . I think it best to visit the local hardware store and peruse their options before gambling on no/low rated online choices .
 It looks sleek and is small and lightweight . Unfortunately , the pop-OUT trimmer is useless . It pops out about 2/3 of the way up so you ca n't see what you 're trimming and ca n't cut those long hairs that the foil refuses to cut . Why do so many models have useless trimmers ? The shave is close , but it takes forever . Although sleek-looking , this one 's going back .
 I bought mine last week and have been very disappointed . It did not come with a case , the side mounted trimmer is virtually useless , and the slidng switch is very hard to activate.Every other shaver I ever bought came with a `` travel '' case to keep it 's various parts together . This one did n't . The Trimmer folds out at a right angle to the body of the razor which puts it completely in the wrong position for proper use in trimming hair.The sliding switch was designed with a built in lock which is pushed in to allow switching to the On positions . I found the switch on this shaver very difficult to activate . I was hoping after several days it would wear in and become easier . Instead it has gotten significantly worse , to the point where it is barely usable .
 I bought this for my husband as a replacement for a PANASONIC ES7017 . I did n't want to bother w / replacement foil cutters , so I jumped on the Friday deal . Even for $ 19.90 , this shaver is n't worth ordering . 1st - it 's soooo small , 2nd - either the foil cutters are bad , or the whole shaver is not powerfull enough -LRB- took 25mins to shave , as opposed to 10mins w / the old Panasonic -RRB- , 3rd - the trimmer ca n't possibly perform as a trimmer , 4th - fedex ? / ups ? delivered in a torn box . Conclusion-don ' t buy this product !
 I bought this product for the first time about 1 month ago . While I really like the basic shave that the unit provides , and I also like the automatic cleaning station , you should not buy this product for 2 reasons .1 -RRB- I have bought two of these razors in the past month . In both cases , the battery died within 2 weeks . Whether charged directly through the cord , or as part of the cleaning station , after 2 weeks , a battery charge only provides 30-45 seconds of shaving time . I called Braun today , and they acknowledged that they are having a problem with the batteries . Do n't buy this product .2 -RRB- The sideburn trimmer is really poorly designed . To use it , you have to hold the whole shaver at a 90 degree angle to your face , which prevents you from being able to see if you 're going to get a straight cut . Very bad design , and much worse than on my 2 prior Braun razors , where the sideburn trimmer worked great . I 'm not sure why they tried to fix a problem that did n't exist . -LRB- I was going to tolerate it because I have a separate trimmer than I can use , but if I did n't , then that design alone would probably keep me from purchasing this product . -RRB-
 My old shaver was a Norelco that seemed to work pretty well . Unfortunately I lost the charger and the cost for a replacement charger was not worth it.I picked the Braun Contour because I happened to have enough gift points to get it for free from a web service.I do n't understand all these rave reviews about close , clean shaves . I can not get the contour to leave my face clean or smooth . Frequently , I 'll see one or two lone stubbles sticking out . I 'll frantically run the contour over and over the area to no avail . I 'll end up resorting to tweezers.I 've even reconsulted the instructions to see if I 'm doing something wrong , but the instructions are pretty straightforward . My wife complains all the time about my unclean shaves.I like the fact that the shaver can simply by rinsed under the sink but I do n't bother at all with the elaborate cleaning station . For one thing , if you follow the exact directions , you would end up having to constantly purchase a ton of cleaning fluid . Secondly , the cleaning station is huge . It 's somewhat smaller than a volleyball . I do n't have space in my bathroom -LRB- or bedroom -RRB- for this thing.My old shaver required neither special fluid nor a massive cleaning station . I do n't see how the Contour 's elaborate setup is a step forward . It 's nice to see that the Contour is working for other users but it 's definitely a disappointment to me .
 I got this shaver for my birthday in April.I fully charged it out of the cleaning station , as recommended by the manual.I plugged it into its cleaning station with the cleaning fluid and the charge light was on , as supposed to happen . I happily shaved each morning . The device works for about 1 week , then the battery runs down.I have to remove the power cord from the cleaning station and charge the razor . After a day it is fully charged . Per the manual , the cleaning station should charge the razor when in it.I contacted Braun on the issue and got the usual `` we 're sorry '' email but they would only say I had to take the device to an authorized dealer or ship to a nation wide repair center . I had to ship as cost/time to drive to an authorized center was cost inhibitive.After 1 month I got my shaver back , seemed to be fine , for a week . Battery died again . Braun 's solution , ship it again to the service center.Now , for the price of these shavers , you expect them to work correct and if they need repair the repair to be done once.If you purchase , pray you do n't have one of the `` bad ones '' else you will be spending significant time and effort to get it `` repaired '' by Braun . They have little regard for their quality once you buy it .
 I 'm sure this is great for peachfuzz , but real men do n't have time for toys like this . Stick to your Mach3 or whatever real blades you already use . It 's really a shame that these things do n't really work effectively . Oh , and there 's really nothing like constantly rubbing the same area of your face over and over again with harsh metal that does n't really cut it . Stick to razors , men .
 I jused used this razor for the first time and was quite dissapointed . After many attempts , I still has stubble this razor can not seem to get . Luckily I work in a factory so it does n't matter . I 'll give it another shot after I get some electric shave or something like that . For the price and the other comments , very dissapointed . Stick with the razor .
 The shaver came nicely packaged , however it was broken . I had to send it to the Braun manufacturer in San Francisco to get it fixed . Very disappointing .
 I had high hopes when i bought this . Fancy package , catchy comercial how could it not work well.Gess what it does not work well . Tried shaving whith it severl times but I always have to clean up what it missed with a four blade razer . Sometimes it cuts sometimes it does not tried using technique spesified by directions and many other things.The only thing that seems to work is 90 degree against the grain and lots of pressure witchs causes lots of irritation.I have also tried 90 degree very slow or fast or soft.I have a very hard beard it may work if you have peach fuzz or a girly beard but if not it will cut very little and cause more irritation than a two blade razer .
 I have been a Braun electric shaving customer for about 15 years now and have been very pleased with the performance of the 4 shavers during this period . This is the first product that is inferior in my opinion . The trimmer is ineffective , the cleaning system is not as good as the previous model and the shave is not as close as earlier models ... I can not recommend purchase of this unit .
 I would not recommend this shaver to anyone . It 's fancy and high tech but does n't give a close shave and occasionally pulls a hair instead of cutting it . Having hairs grabbed and pulled is a little painful .
 I 've been using Braun shavers for more than 12 years and this would have been my 4th one , but I am disappointed . As reported by others , it 's very hard to get a close shave . After shaving with this one , I can still use the 7 + - year-old Braun 5000 series to clean up a lot of beards this new one has missed . On the other , the Clean light come up after 2 shaves regardless whether it really needs a clean or not.It 's on its return trip to Braun .
 Had great hopes for an energy boost from this product , but could n't really tell I had taken it ! Time to try something else AGAIN !
 I think these pills made me hungrier . got a little burst of energy but not like the product described . Just did n't work for me .
 Zoom-I normally use caffeine products to handle looong days . Decided to try Zoom and eliminate jitters get from caffeinated products . Not working for me at all ... Vivarin cheaper/better in spite of jitters , so save ur money ...
 The Zoom did n't work for me . I did n't feel any kind of difference . I did n't get a sick feeling from it -LRB- which is good -RRB- , but I did n't get a boost of energy either . The pills are big , and do n't taste to good !
 the worst battery I Have ever used in 60 years . wo n't stay up even for a HALF of a day.Would not even give as a gag gift . I guess you almost get what you pay for .
 Wish I 'd read all those reviews saying how bad these perform . These were a total waste of money . The battery life is terrible and I have even put brand new batteries in that were completely dead . Do not buy these if you can help it .
 I use 2 AAA batteries in my wrist mounted GPS/pedometer . I have been using Kirkland Batteries from Costco and they last 7-8 days on my 3 mile morning walks . The GPS is older and power hungry . I 'm tring these Universal batterys but they only last 2-3 days max . The spent ones tested at still 50 % charge but not enough to power the GPS . They are cheap but not worth screwing with , I 'll go back to Kirklands .
 THESE batteries are not worth it.way too short.LESS than half of the life of the name brands available on amazon .
 We purchased this 50 pack of batteries in the hopes of saving a few dollars . Jokes on us because after we burned through this pack of poor quality , hold their charge for almost no time in a simple label maker , batteries I had to go out and purchase more.Thanks for reminding me that purchasing larger name brand batteries may cost me a few more bucks yet it saves me the time and hassel of this little go round.Don ' t buy these batteries unless you really like buying batteries .
 You get what you pay for and these batteries are the perfect example . If you are going to use them in an item that does n't get used often , they might hold up . I however was using them in under cabinet tap lights I bought here on Amazon . I had the lights on for 3 days at about 3 hours per interval . That was all it took to do them in forever . I ended up buying some rechargeable batteries and am happy with the purchase . Save yourself an extra step and a little money by buying right the first time .
 These batteries do n't last long . Bought these for a couple of wireless mouse and keyboards I have and they died out fast ! Went through half the box in about three weeks . Not satisfied !
 The price was great , but batteries are not . Very short life . Batteries last about half as long as a good name brand . So there is no real savings . I can not recommend this product .
 They last a very short time and they will leak . They look like they might of been good batterys until you start using them and have to keep changing them often i mean often like every two to three days .
 I use batteries for my overhead projector pen . Compared to any other battery , these have by far the shortest life . This is the worst value in batteries ever ! I do n't even like to put them in my pen because I know they will last 1/8th of the time any of the others will last . Just say no to these batteries !
 Waste of money . Put four of these in an electric ruler I own and they would n't even power it up . Wii remotes eat these like tic tacs .
 I am rather disappointed with this purchase . There were so many good reviews when I bought it that I thought it must be great . I am really wondering if people who work for the company 's of Oral B and Sonicare do n't write these reviews.What I expect out of an electric toothbrush is to be able to clean with slight pressure and without having to brush like a normal toothbrush . I hate to say it but this kind of feels like the cheap $ 10 electric toothbrush you can buy at your drugstore . It does not clean nearly well enough so you end up having to use it almost like a normal toothbrush just to get the stuff off your teeth like after a meal . In fact many times I have to go over my teeth with a normal toothbrush if I have just eaten , or I have to rinse first.I just had a checkup after using this for 6 months and luckily no cavities but I did have lots of build up . Likely because it does not really clean the teeth.You are better off sticking with a normal toothbrush or trying another brand . I just ordered a sonicare flex care . So far it is much much better . Actually cleans stuff off my teeth . Have n't had a checkup but hopefully I will have less buildup because of it .
 This is a good toothbrush and you wo n't have to buy replacements for the 6-10 months . While brushing , it works best to progress slowly from tooth to tooth without trying to brush back and forth or in circles . It definitely does better than regular brushing but my checkups are not better than before I started using the brush . The back teeth and the gumline seemed to be missed more but the main surfaces feel smoother . After 2 years , the battery is not holding charge well anymore and the charge indicator LED lights only dimly . Overall , I would say it is worth it but I want to see if there is something better . I am going to buy a Sonicare .
 I had an Interplaque electric toothbrush , which was great . The plaque really came off , and my teeth felt smooth to the tongue . The thing finally broke , and I decided to get this Oral B as a replacement . What a disappointment . I tried the circular brush , and the double brush head . It 's big and bulkn , makes a lot of noise and hub-bub in your mouth . It often stops if you press too hard against your teeth . But the main problem is that my teeth are not smooth afterwards . It simply does not work as well as the old interplaque . I think the interplaques bristles went in and out and rotated . These bristles do not rotate , and what they DO do does not work as well . I spend a hundred bucks on this including a pack of double brush heads . I then bought the new version of the interplaque , made by Conair , for about $ 20 . My teeth are smoother , and brush head is smaller , and it just works better . -LRB- used without toothpaste , though sometimes with an anti-plaque mouthwash -RRB- . I do n't know why the interplaque is not more widely popular . It just works better ...
 This shaver should never have made it past quality control.First of all , it simply does not shave ... not close enough to be worth its price , anyway . I would spend a long time using it , trying to shave thoroughly , only to find that I would still have a shadow.Secondly , the built-in aftershave cartridges , while a novel idea in theory , are faulty . In my experience with this unit , either the liquid spilled out and leaked all over the place , or it did n't come out at all . There 's a sliding lever where you can supposedly adjust the amount of this `` conditioner '' that comes out , but the lever seems flimsy.Third , one day , after about 6 months of use , my shaver simply stopped working for some reason . I 'd press the button -- nothing . So I had to send it out to New York to have the complete interior replaced -LRB- even they could n't explain why it stopped working -RRB- . It was covered under their warranty , except for the time and shipping costs , of course . But it was still an inconvenience.Finally , this shaver irritated my skin so much that my neck looked like it had one giant rash on it ... and it lasted all day.So unless you have lots of time , skin of steel , tons of patience , a small box and some bubble-wrap , and a towel draped over your sink to catch the spillage , please hold off on buying this one until they fix the problems and get it right .
 I had a similar problem to what another reviewer mentioned
 I bought these for my dog and they immediately bleed through to the underlying surface . Provide limited protection since it is a single layer .
 This product brings true meaning to the phrase `` you get what you pay for '' ... . Very low quality . Very , Very thin and could not absorb even a tiny amount of liquid . Do n't buy these pads .
 Are you kidding me !?! These are `` filled '' with one layer of the kind of toilet paper you 'd find in a public restroom ! Definitely NOT soft or absorbent ! I 've been using underpads for many years and these are the worst quality I 've ever bought ... totally useless . They rip and fall apart with any movement especially after it has `` absorbed '' the slightest amount of moisture . I was going to send them back , but it was going to cost over half the price I paid for them ... and then I was n't going to get refunded the full price ... they said they would deduct the cost to ship it to me . Why bother .
 Fuzz flies all over when opening them . They are not like the others I have ordered . Have to order a different brand next time
 I was hoping for hospital quality underpads . Something that would draw in moisture when changing the baby . It does great keeping what underneath dry , but the top stays wet . They 're very thin and low quality . Not what I expected .
 Thin and not absorbant at all . I am disappointed , and the price I paid for these is not worth it . These are paper thin .
 I ordered Dynarex pads separately and they were cheaper . I ordered this simultaneously thinking that this would be similar to the ones we use in my workplace which I know are thick and absorbent but they sent Dynarex pads ! When I asked for a refund I was told I would have pay for shipping to send it so I have kept it . What a rip-off !
 way to thin , not real good , would not buy again , got for my motherinlaw , not happy with them , bought 600 of them and used 500 within 1week
 Worst quality , I strongly recommend not to buy . They are nothing like shown in the picture . They are as thin as a paper .
 This is not the product I shopped for . I have been using the brand for several years now and when I saw the price it was too good to be true . You know what they say
 a very poor absorbent practically none ! i was using the hospitals ones which are incredible thicker and more absorbent then this ones .
 Pads soak through and do not absorb amount advertised . I had to double them up so they would serve their purpose ! I wouldnt purchase again .
 `` ordered Blue Disposable Underpads -LRB- Chux -RRB- , Small Size 17 x 24 , Case/100 Condition
 This is not the same as they use in hospital there is no cotton cushion between the plastic sheet and a paper lining . The flimsy paper liner disintegrates the minute it comes in to contact with urine . The liner itself is made of poor quality paper . Do n't buy this product .
 These pads were intended as extra protection on my baby 's changing table . They are awful ! They soak through with barely any liquid . Three of them are needed to get anything from seaking through . Do not waste your money and buy these .
 As other reviewers said these are of poor quality and different from what is shown in the picture . I 've ordered the ones that are in the picture before in smaller pack and quality was pretty good for the price , but these ones do n't have cotton cushion and just useless - I would hate to put my baby on them .
 these are used for my dog as we we pads . the brand I buy in the drug store work fine . these are so thin and non absorbant they have to be changed every time there used . now I have to use four where I used to use one .
 not bad but i thought that they were very thin . they held up to my baby urinating on them ok . still could have bee a little thicker
 At first I bought Chux from Samela Inc and was so happy with them . Unfortunately , they were not available from that seller and I had to look for another one . Got it from Direct Care Store . What a huge disappointment ! I naively believed that all blue underpads are the same . I could not be more wrong . The pads that Direct Care Store sells are correct size , but the are so flimsy my 3-month old baby tears them with a couple of moves . Also they are not absorbent enough - even a little spill just stays as a pool.I guess you get what you pay for .
 I was really disappointed with the thickness of these pads . The plastic backing is very thin and so is the padding . I have bought others at an other sight that were thicker for the same price .
 There really is no value to having these as a safeguard for diaper changing , puppy pads , or any other use I can think of . Basically all they do is give you a false sense of security , until you remove the first one and realize everything beneath it is soaked !!
 I gave this 1 start because these `` pads '' are better than nothing ... but not by much . It is very thin . The absorbant layer is not uniform . One spot it 's okay , but in the next spot there is nothing . I accidentally ordered these . Man what an expensive goof . I hate them .
 I recently ordered Blistex Mint from Amazon . They sent me 24 Blistex Medicated in a sealed container labeled Blistex mint . Of course I opened it as it appeared to be the item that i had ordered . The wrong porduct was in the `` right '' box . I sent it back as I did not want this kind of Blistex . Amazon now refuses to reimburse me even though they sent me the wrong product .
 It was smaller than I expected to be . The description should say for adult sized or child size . I wonder if I could return after opening the package . ?
 Very disappointed in the quality of these pads . Did not absorb much of anything . Would not recommend this product .
 This item was purchased for my parent to line her in-home hospital bed . bThe item was not fully waterproof and caused more trouble as her bedding had to be changed as a result of the pads inefficiency . The major problem was that the lining was not 100 % plastic/waterproof to hold fluid . It was more of a thick paper product that eventually absorbed the fluid . I would not recommend this item for the purpose of lining a bed .
 I 've been using using this kind of disposable underpads before , but from a different buyer . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002QVY9EO/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i00 I thought it was the same thing and I did n't want to buy 100cases at a time so I chose this one . Bummer ! Poorly packaged and the pads looked real cheap . I am not sure I would use it for my babies . Waste of money .
 I purchased these for my Chinese Crested pup that is in quarantine right now . He is a very small dog -LRB- 5 lbs -RRB- and his urine leaked through these pads . They are pretty small but that is ok but I have used many pads and I rarely have issues with any leaking especially under the plastic . I would not recommend these to anyone really because they are too this and have nothing to absorb even a small dogs urine . I love my dog but that does n't mean I want to be cleaning up the tile when he pees in the right spot ! I always prefer the washable bed pads to throw away but for situations where you need to dispose of the pad there are much better options that are not that much more expensive . Trust me a few pennies is worth not getting on the floor scrubbing pee .
 We purchased this walker for our father.He has a hard time walking for long periods and was using a old style walker for a while . When he got this he liked the idea of wheels and a seat if needed but quickly was injured when the wheel brake on the back gave out and the walker rolled away from him as he was trying to put weight on it.He fell pretty hard and we are now buying a wheelchair from amazon for him.Very disappointed . I Adjusted to brakes as the manual said but even so , with full brake you can turn the wheel on our unit with a little push forward on the left side .
 The one I received weighed 16 pounds -LRB- even without the basket -RRB- , not the advertised 11 pounds . I specifically sought out a lightweight 11 pound one on Amazon for my elderly father . 16 pounds will be way too heavy for him . I have had to return it.I purchased it from Eva Medical Group , a vendor on Amazon .
 I bought this wheeled walker about a month ago to replace one for my great grandmother . It came on time - that was the good part . When I took it out of the box and assembled it - it looked like it 'd be bought and returned before , which is fine with me if there 's no problem with the item , BUT it was clearly wielded together in the manufacturing process at a slightly off angle . The metal frame 's angles were visibly not square . It does n't really affect it 's functioning , which seems fine , if with a very slight lean to the left , but it really gives a visual impression of veering left . Aside from this major flaw with the particular one sent to me , know that the seat is rather high - a tad too high for my -LRB- now -RRB- 5ft tall grandmother . Otherwise it seems sturdy and well made . I think this could be a good deal if you get a good one - so go ahead and order , just check it out very well and be prepared to return it if there are issues .
 I did not even have this for a month and it sheared the back wheel off and dumped me backwards . I had a broke foot and that is why I needed it . I ended up with very bad bruising on my arm and hip and my back . I landed on thick carpet so I was not to bad off because my house is mostly tiled . If I was a suing person I would have . I want to make sure this is taken off the market before anyone else gets hurt . I saw this in the Walgreen 's also . Would not recommend .
 I purchased this item with the intention of receiving a basket cover , which was falsely advertised and agreed to extend commendations based on the idea that Medlife Health would accommodate this great inconvenience . The basket cover is still falsely advertised and the agreed reimbursement has not been credited to my account . Do Not Purchase !!!!!!!
 It was for my 93 old mother but she could n't use it as the seat was too high and there was no adjustment .
 This is shown as the refill for the tiny moustache razor , wrong ... , not the right ones , now I have to return and find the right ones .
 The blades are inexpensive , work well and they do last for a few shaves . They were the first ones I tried , and I actually have a Merkur razor so I thought they 'd work well together . However , after trying the Derby Extra 's , I have to say that those are much better blades . As always your mileage may vary . I would recommend getting less than a 3 pack and just giving them a try if you really want to test them out .
 I 'm a bit stunned by these reviews . If you buy a Merkur Razor , this is possibly the worst choice in a blade . They are incredibly expensive , dull quickly , and provide a rather rough shave.If you are using a Merkur blade as your first DE blade , maybe you think it 's great , but there are so many better choices that are a fraction of the cost.Please get a sampler pack of blades when you get your first DE razor . Derby , Gillette 7 O'Clock , Israeli Personna , and even Wal-Mart blades are a much better choice . These are terrible . I buy my favorite blade -LRB- Israeli Personna -RRB- for about 10 cents a blade with shipping . Derbys are pretty good too , at about 13 cents a blade .
 When I purchased my first Safety Razor , I bought a pack of these from Art of Shaving thinking that they were the best . I then used them for YEARS thinking this exact same thing . The amount of money that I wasted is horrifying . The time that I spent trying to get a good shave from Merkur blades is incalculable.I bought the Derby Extra Double Edge Razor Blades and could not be happier ! And the best part ... $ 8 for 100 . Yes , $ 8 for 100 blades . Add to that the amazing shave , and you have yourself a true bargain!In case you are wondering , I use Olive Oil as a shave oil , then lather using Jack Black Supreme Cream . It is a bit of Shaving Bliss ! I have even gone to shaving once a day!Don ' t Buy Merkur !
 Tried these blades because it came with the Merkur razor that I bought . I 've been using a Parker with Shark and Feather blades . The Merkur blade felt like I was dragging a brick across my face . Not a good experience at all . I would rank it behind Derby . Well behind Derby . They may work well for some , but I wo n't be using them . The razor itself is good , but not the blade .
 My first double edged shaving set came with these blades , and they were satisfactory.I recently tried another brand -LRB- Gillette 7 oclock -RRB- and was surprised at how much better they were.The Merkur blades work just fine , but for the same price you can do much better .
 I decided to give the whole DE-shaving thing a try . After looking around , I ended up buying the Parker 96R razor because it reminded me of my dad 's gillette from waayyyy back . I also ordered a 10-pack of Sharks -LRB- came with the Razor -RRB- , a 10-pack of Merkur blades , and a 25-pack of Derby blades.First note - the razor is solid , with a comfortable heft . It also closes up well - though not quite perfectly on both sides - and holds the blades nice and straight while making it trivial to pop a blade in or out.As to the razors , my impressions after trying out -LRB- almost -RRB- 2 each . This was to ensure that impressions I had were n't just due to being a tyro . Even with the occasional nick , the shaves have been consistently close -LRB- except for the Merkur , I 'd wake up the NEXT morning with a closer shave than I 'd gotten out of some electrics -RRB- . Sharks - Nice , sharp , and I can get several shaves out of them before I start getting razor bumps , hair tugging , or `` slips '' due to the blade dulling.Derby - just wow . Nicer , sharper , and not really more expensive . Very happy with them . I almost immediately felt like this blade just glided over my skin effortlessly shaving away my beard.Merkur - perhaps it was just a matter of fit with the razor , but this is the only blade that consistently felt skittish , the one I consistently nicked myself with the easiest , and the only one I got razor bumps on the very . first . shave.I actually ended up mentally rating the razors based on how many shaves before they started feeling like the `` new '' merkur blades - and were , IMO , unusable since I 'd start getting the razor bumps from my cartridge days . The sharks would give me three shaves , the derby blades 4 , maybe 5 . In short , the only reason It did n't get fewer stars is that for a `` cartridge '' quality shave , It still costs less .
 I decided to try the Merkur blades that came with my wonderful Merkur Slant . I was quite surprised when they were some of the worst blades that I 've ever used . They were so bad in fact , that I threw them away mid-shave and switched to an Astra Platinum to finish the shave without issue.These blades seem to caused a large amount of razor drag despite being in a very aggressive razor which lead to irritation post-shave . I feel like they are quite dull and in the bottom quarter of the 30 some odd razor brands that I 've tried . Needless to say , I 'm quite disappointed since I 'm quite impressed by the quality of Merkur 's other products .
 Got these 3 packs of Merkur razor blades from DERazorblades . The Merkur blades I 've had before were very sharp . These were surprisingly dull , even from the first use . Maybe they were old , or knock-offs . I emailed the vendor but never got a reply back , called the customer service number , but all you get is an answering machine with somebody 's name . Amazon 's great customer service did give me a refund .
 First of all I have to say that where the Mach 3 cuts it does a good job , but that -LCB- for me -RCB- leaves around 30 % of my face unshaven . I find all the 3 bladed razors too unwieldy , the heads of the things are as easy to manipulate as a snow blower.I have gone back to shaving with a cheap double bladed razor , BUT ! I have found a shaving cream -LCB- that 's not a foam or a gel , it 's like Nivea -RCB- and I get a great shave using it , the shave is really close and the blades last a lot longer using this stuff.I used to cut easily too but since I bought `` Ultra '' shaving cream I have n't cut myself once -LCB- in over 6 months -RCB- and I never get that red razor rash on my neck anymore.The odd thing is I have started using the cream on my arms -LCB- where I have a problem with psoriasis -RCB- and that 's gone away for longer than it has done before with any of the usual medicated creams I 've used in the last 20 years.I found Ultra at BODY4REAL on the www , cheap it aint but the 50ml tub lasts me 6 weeks , well worth checking out , gives me the best shave I ever had , even with a real cheap blade.Robert .
 This stuff is nasty . No doubt it works , but it also makes you feel sick and gives you diarreah . If you are willing to run to the bathroom and make your hiney raw ... then GO FOR IT!I sent this back and got a refund .
 This stuff is so nasty that I couldnt even finish the first glass ! It must be mixed in a blender or it will not disolve . Save your money .
 I bought two of these and saw no results what so ever , I actually lost weight . The mix has a hard time totally dissolving so you will routinely drink big clumps of powder . Also the mix does not last long because they have you using one big scoop per serving . The scoop is one cup I believe . I recently bought GMC brand of whey protein and there is no comparison . GMC 's stuff actually tastes good and I do n't mind drinking it . Anyways you get what you pay for .
 THE shipment was great but when i open it there was a clear sealed ... when i open the sealed and take the cover off the other sealed was broken like someone used it then shipped it the icon is stripping off ... VERY BAD BARGAIN !!!!!!
 Gross , not even worth the purchase . I ended up throwing 2 jugs of this stuff away after using it for a week . Do n't buy this , there are much better products on the market for equal price .
 I gave this razor two stars because it does work sort of . However , I bought it because there were reviews from women who said it was better than the Venus . I had the VenusGillette for Women Venus Divine Razorand thought somehow the Mach would be better . But it feels awful in my hands . I know that sounds ridiculous as it 's just a razor , but the Venus does feel a lot less slippery and just more viscerally pleasant and easier to hold . I felt like I could cut myself easier with the Mach . It just felt creepy to me . I gave it to my husband .
 When I received this product , the back was opened and one of the cartridges was gone . I am shocked by such outrageous act of dishonesty .
 I got my first at my Canadian drug store to see how I could get a less-precise faster shave . Regular MACH 3 did n`t do this but these cut me to - pieces . these are too sharp not made well and a horror to use . .
 The vibrating , battery-powered razor is the Gillette M3 Power Razor . The picture pointing to the `` Low Battery Indicator Light '' and `` Automatic Shut-off '' is false .
 Funny because I had a mach 3 for a long time , and I love it to death.I decided to go ahead and try the new razor . I bought this from Walmart . Very strange , indeed . This has never happened before . Is the Mach 3 supposed to be dull for a faster shape ? maybe they used dull blades so people can shave fast without cuts ? Or I just got a bad package.I decided to go ahead and do this review for amazon because I saw there were a lot of reports of dull blades upon purchase . I just want to let people know that I was one of them , but mine are definitely real . It seems possible that Gillette may be letting go of some of their quality.Sorry all but the blades suck . Just because you did n't think so , does n't mean mine were n't dull . This is a crappy A razor . You can go you know what .
 This razor shaves better than the Mach3 , which was an excellent blade . It provides a great close shave without any nicks , cuts or scrapes on my sensative skin . BUT ! The razors dull after only a few uses . When the dull , they go completely dull . That is probably a good safety feature , but it you shave everyday you will need 1-2 cartridges per week . That is just silly .
 This prodoct says it comes with a razor and two cartridges but when I got it it only had one cartridge !!!!!
 I bought this for myself after reading only good reviews here , on amazon . I was so disappointed.I 'm used to using Gillette Pro Glide , and therefore i 'm used to the nice , smooth feeling of the razor.This felt like i was dropped in a pool or razorblades from an airplane . Just scratching my skin and cutting it all over.I dumped this thing ASAP.I do not recommend this .
 I bought a Mach 3 Turbo several years ago as a replacement for my razor and other items tossed by my local YMCA who mistakenly thought my locker was supposed to be vacant -LRB- this was the 3rd time this happened in less than 6 months -RRB- . This time they were paying for my replacement items . The store I was at was out of the Mach 3 so I bought a Mach 3 Turbo instead -LRB- I did n't realize that the blade were n't interchangeable at the time -RRB- . The very first time I used it to shave at the gym I had a showing stopping problem . I lathered up after a hot shower and made the first couple of passes . Like the Mach 3 this gave a fine shave . The water pressure at the sinks was kept low so the water would n't splash . So instead I wet the razor as best I could and tapped the handle on the side of the sink . This caused the head to pop off ! Thinking that it just was n't on quite tight I reattached the head and tried again . Again it popped off . There mere act of the head popping off the razor and either rattling around in the sink or flying onto the counter achieved the desired goal at least and I was able to proceed . By the time I 'd make it to my other cheek I 'd grown weary of the game and had switched to the spare head in the kit , thinking I just had a defective head . No dice . It did the same thing.That night I returned the kit to the store I bought it at and exchanged it for another Mach 3 Turbo ; I assumed that the handle was defective . Their in the store at the Returns counter I opened the package , made sure the head was attached and tapped the handle against the clerk 's computer monitor like I was dislodging stuck hair stubble . The head flew off and flew across the floor . The clerk tried the same thing with the other head . It too flew off the handle , this time across the counter at me . I gave the brand new kit back to her and I exchanged it for a plain Mach 3 unit . I demonstrated for her that it worked properly , tapping , pulling and tugging on the head to try and dislodge it . It worked flawlessly , as has every other Mach 3 unit I own . I 've been using my replacement Mach 3 at the gym ever since . My father ran into a similar when my mother , upon seeing my razor bought my father a Mach 3 Turbo . It too suffered the same issue and it too was returned and exchanged for a plain Mach 3 . I 'm posting this review because I find myself once again buying another shaving kit , this time for my girlfriend 's house.Beware of this usability problem with the Mach 3 Turbo . Buy the plain Mach 3 instead ! The Mach 3 Turbo shaves fine , just like the Mach 3 . But the Mach 3 's head will stay on whereas the Mach 3 Turbo will not .
 I bought this item thinking it would save me from making useless trips to the doctors office . I took my two kids to the doctor yesterday and it turns out they both had double ear infections . The montior did not detect this . I tried it several times and got a different reading each time . The reading ranged from 1-4 and it was different every single time . If it had n't been for my 4 year old telling me it hurt inside her ear , I would have thought they were just fine . This is a huge waste of money .
 This product is hard to get a reading . The child can not be fussing at all and it takes about 10 seconds to get a reading . During that 10 seconds , the child has to be completely still and quiet - very difficult . It read as yellow -LRB- 2 out of 5 -RRB- on my 8 month old and she had a very serious ear infection . It read green -LRB- 1 out of 5 -RRB- on my older daughter when she also had an ear infection which kept me from taking her to the doctor and her ear drum ruptured . I would not recommend this product . Good old parental instinct is much better .
 Not really an improvement over standard Mach 3 Cartridges , and certainly not worth the price jump . The shave quality still does not match that by an `` old-fashioned '' safety razor .
 These ` cartridges ' sell for about $ 2 a piece , plus shipping . I recently switched from the Mach 3 Turbo to a Merkur Double Edge Safety Razor and I can safely say I will never go back . The Mach 3 provides a decent enough shave -LRB- much better than an electric , in my experience -RRB- but the single blade is actually much smoother . I pay about 50 cents a blade now with the safety razor - each blade lasts a little over a week - versus the Mach 3 at $ 1.50 - $ 2.00 lasting 6 or 7 days .
 Having used/purchased this product at my local retailer many times , I am well accustomed to this product . This is the first time I 've purchased this product on Amazon , and it will surely be my LAST ! I have called the US manufacturer , and they have asked that I return it to them , so I will ! They have repeatedly scratched / cut my face as though used or not of the quality I 'm used to ... those made here in the US , not abroad ! Beware of this product !!
 This product might do for a backpacking weekend with the Boy Scouts , but compared to a blade razor , or even an electric , it leaves a lot to be desired . I recommend giving it a pass .
 These razors were sold as new and in a new looking box , but were extremely dull . I 've had very used razors more sharp than these . So it scares me that they are used because of the transmission of diseases such as hepatitis that can survive outside the body for weeks . Very dissatisfied , please look somewhere else for this product !
 you can get in walgreens cheaper look in the stores ... get out you can find this product cheaper at other places to
 I did not like this supplement due to it causing me to have more painful heart burn and an upset stomach . I also put 1 in water to see how long it takes to dissolve and it takes more than 48 hours to dissolve
 I thought they were larger as the name says , but we they arrived and i opened them i had to throw them out , there were very small ... to small !!!!! It was a waste of my time and money !!!! I 'm very disappointed ...
 This product do n't work like it is advertised . It barely vibrates for a few seconds then stops . The papers that came with the product states that you are supposed to gently pull on the spring inside the product to make sure it is making contact with the battery . After doing that I had no results . The paper work enclosed also says that it should be watched for over heating . It is a complete waste of money . However it is discretly packaged . That is the only plus about this product . I 'd give it a negative rating if possible .
 I would not buy this product at all . It works one or two times then it quits working .
 These underpads are too thin and not very absorbent . Seems like they were higher quality previously . Wanted pads to absorb and not leak through . These pads flunked !
 I WROTE A REVIEW WHEN I FIRST GOT THESE AND THOUGHT THEY WERE WELL MADE . . NOT !!!! THEY ARE GARBAGE ! ALL THE COTTON INSIDE ROLL INTO BALLS . . DOESNT KEEP ITS SHAPE . I DEF WILL NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE !
 Do n't like it . Does n't work as advertised . It will absorb liquid OK , but does n't remain in place as manufacturer claims . Not good for anyone who moves in their sleep . I had to secure it with duct tape ! Not good .
 I use underpads beneath the cat litter boxes because I have an elderly cat who occasionally has an accident . I 'd been using Walgreen 's brand underpads but decided to try these because they 're less expensive . First off , the package these pads came in had no labeling whatsoever so there is no way to verify if I really received the brand I paid for . Next , the border surrounding the padded area on these pads is much wider than the Walgreen 's brand , which means the padded absorbent area is smaller . Also , the padding is thinner , which means it does n't absorb as well . These underpads are pitiful - do n't waste your money ! This is a perfect reminder that you get what you pay for ...
 I have ordered these for pet pads for the past 6 months . The most recent supplied by United are virtually worthless . You might has well put down trash bags as they have no absorbency . The prior were over 2-3 times as thick which was very apparent when they arrived in a much smaller box for the same count ! Samila or something like that was the former supplier . Amazon needs to switch providers and not market this as the same product even though i did a `` re-order ''
 I thought these might have a non-slip backing so they would stay in place ... Not only is that missing , but they actually have a slippery backing . They are pretty much worthless as far as I can tell . You could tape them down ? I suppose . I bought these because my 4-year-old wets the bed sometimes and I thought it would make for easier cleanup . Halfway thru the night the pad was wrapped up and around his shoulder -- that 's not likely to catch any pee . My son is a calm sleeper . For someone who tosses and turns or for any dog , these are beyond worthless . Not sure what they could be used for but this was wasted time and money for me .
 Supposedly holds 40 oz liquid - unfortunately , not so . Saturates easily and leaks right through the plastic . I 've used puppy weewee pads that work better .
 These pads would not absorb a teaspoon of ANYTHING wet , it would seep right in and fall apart . I used them as extra protection on top of my sheets while working ... they are thin and ALL the white padding you see in the pic certainly is NOT in the ones they ship . The inside padding is so thin and sparse you can see the blue plastic through the `` cotton '' center . I guess you do get what you pay for ... I can still use them but I will NEVER order these again ... I guess they are so cheap and you get free shipping because they know the people who buy them will be so ticked off once they receive them . I guess they are trying to empty the inventory . I will NEVER but these things again .
 I just received this product . I use underpads for my mother , who is bedbound and incontinent . They seem rough and very thin . Probably wo n't be ordering these in the future .
 Not very happy with this purchase . They are very inexpensive but I 'll never use them so it does n't matter . I bought these because I thought they would be a cheaper Magnum alternative but they are way too tight . I saw the words larger and thinner and just ran with it but I wasnt pleased . I 've never used Durex prior to this and wont in the future . I should have stuck with what I 'm used to .
 They are just not reliable . 2 broke out of first 30 used.Break too often.Break too often!I got them from Green Web Inc. through Amazon .
 You get what you pay for , they tear very easy , I should have sent this item back
 They are too thick which greatly reduce my comfort . My girl is also not satified with them . They are not good as the jissbon ones I used before . I am very disappointed with durex .
 Do not buy this product , first of all they are not close to the rival trojan magnum in size or comfort , but most importantly not in reliability . The first condom out of the package we used broke , I went through them with my hand trying to break them , it was fairly easy to break a good amount of them , tried the same thing with a trojan got it all the way up my arm still did n't break . I would not buy this product unless you are wanting a pregnancy in your future ... or an STD .
 The timer is hard to program and I have programed sport watches etc. . The timer alarm is so low that the pill box has to be right next to you . The mechanism is set to military time -LRB- 24 Hr -RRB- All in all CHEAPIE
 I guess we should have known that one can not expect quality from something so cheap . . a single liner is just not enough . . i wish we had not wasted money on this item . . I wonder why others gave it such nice reviews . .
 These dry out extremely fast and did n't feel near as good as other brands . I wo n't buy these again and will probably toss what I have remaining .
 Product is so thin it is very difficult to put on . Buckels in on itself and gets twisted . Never had problems with other ultrathin condoms from other brands just this one . Lots of friction as well . This used to be one of my favorite brands too , but in the competition to make the `` thinnest '' product they 've pushed the product too far and made it bad .
 I got a notice that the product was back ordered , but I have n't received it yet . I ordered 2 of this product at ther same time and one arrived quickly . I still want it , so contact me with an update .
 Both the picture and description show this product to be the `` alchohol free '' version . I ordered this item and received the version that contains alchohol . A full refund was granted .
 Shipped great . I placed the diffuser in a very small area in my bathroom and it 's been there for the last three days . I ca n't smell a thing and I have a good smeller . Very disappointed because I ordered 2 and wish I had n't ordered at all.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY in my opinion ... . Just being honest .
 The store has really good customer service , but the product did n't do anything for me . It smelled more of sugar than sandalwood .
 I have purchased several reed diffusers and these ones are poor the reeds do not soak up the liquid as quickly as others , and consequently the perfume is not as strong as it should be .
 The scent smells really nice but you ca n't even smell it unless you lean over the top of it . I 've had reed diffusers before that you can smell as soon as you walk in the room but this one is not even close . Kinda waste of money .
 I am very disappointed in the two fragrance diffusers which I purchased . Their scents were very pleasing , however , what good is a diffused scent if it 's limited range is only two feet ? I have used Essenza scent diffusers , and they really work well . They will fill an entire room with a fragrance or scent , whereas Candle Bay reed diffusers which I tried do NOT fill a room with fragrance . I do not recommend this product . I suppose the expression , `` You get what you pay for '' is quite true in the matter of reed scent diffusers . Incidentally , the gardenia fragrance I purchased was the 8 . Fl size , the Indian Chai only 2 . Fl .
 This had no aroma when put in the room and was leaking when I received it .
 Lavender scent was extremely mild/weak . It 's completely useless even in a small enclosed bathroom.Gardenia scent was much better/stronger . Do n't waste your money on the Lavender scent .
 After reading dozens of reviews that talked about the increase in energy and other positive benefits of Bio Strath , I ordered the tablets with high hopes . Unfortunately this product had the opposite effect on me . It was like taking 2 sleeping pills . I got so drowsy and listless that I had to drink 2 cups of very strong coffee just to stay awake . So disappointing ! Herbs and formulas like these affect everyone differently so I ca n't fault the produce per se . I was just so hoping to find a product that would eliminate or at least diminish my chronic fatigue . It was worth a try . Now on to Rhodiola Rosea to see if that will work . The shipping by this seller was very fast and packaged well , so was grateful for that .
 These thin innersoles provides no support to speak of , especially in the are of the arch and the heel , although even the toe region is skimpy .
 Amazon seems to have a number of suppliers offering cheap watch batteries . They may also have good reviews , but just check out the postage first . Some of them add $ 5 PER battery for shipping and handling . That 's even if you order multiple numbers of the same battery type . Try it and see . Order 4 batteries for $ 0.19 each ... and pay $ 20 in postage -LRB- e.g. ekbatts -RRB- . Other companies on Amazon do n't do this . They charge one $ 5 fee for the whole order of batteries.It would be good if Amazon could show what the comparative shipping charges will be for each supplier BEFORE you put the item in your cart . That way there are no surprises when you place your order .
 I am concerned that the toothpaste containers do not have the ADA logo on them that the majority of toothpastes ' do . Also , there is no indiction of what country manufactured this toothpaste , only that it was `` distributed '' . I do not appreciate putting anything into my mouth or body unless I know where is was made .
 Looks good and I remember it as a kid , but without the ADA seal it is just not worth it .
 There is no mention as to how many rolls you get . The shipping weight is one pound . Hmmmmm.Nice five star review for the 71 dollar cost . I guess we do n't need to know how many you get with such a nice towel . I will others figure that out .
 I ordered the small size with my knuckles measuring exactly 3inches across . The thumb piece is so long it extends beyond the tip of my thumb and the hand portion is loose around my hand . The very top of the glove that goes above my wrist , however , is snug meaning an extra small would not work either . The so called splints are nothing more than stiff foam . Their flexibility combined with their position at the top of the hand do nothing to prevent wrist movement . Because of the large pouch of pellets in the palm of the hand , much too large for a small hand , I found myself twisting my wrist into a weird position simply to reach the buttons on my mouse . I am very disappointed that the seller does not accept returns for this item because I feel like I wasted the money on a poorly designed product .
 This new thumb support did not help me get relief from the pain . Most probably this is due to the absence of support between the thumb and the wrist -LRB- commonly made out of aluminum -RRB- .
 I find this glove to be very weird and uncomfortable . It has a sort of cushion on the palm of the hand -LRB- near the wrist -RRB- . It is supposed to make it more comfortable to use a mouse , but I think it makes it even more difficult.The other thing is , this thing is supposed to help support your thumb , but I found it uncomfortable . My thumb felt a lot better after I took off the glove.Maybe it 's not a bad product , but it 's definitely not for me .
 this glove is poorly made , not reversible as claimed , and quite uncomfortable I would not recommend it for anyone , it is not correctly designed for the type of carpal tunnel my wife has and actually hurt her .
 For years , I used Athletes Plus insoles happily to support my sensitive feet . They worked like a charm.Now they have `` upgraded '' them with a new shape , new materials , etc. and they provide so much less support that I now have to search for other insoles.Look elsewhere .
 i bought this from a sports shop . its ok . fit to my shoes . i used for basketball shoses . the problem was that it was melted soft gel by heat .
 I bought these a couple months ago to wear in regular shoes since I walk to work every day . After two months , the fabric on top is separating from the rubber and causing my big toe to rub on the gel insert . For the price of these , I thought they would have lasted longer .
 It fits fine . But I do n't think it make a huge different . I meant to put them in my althletic shoes , so i took out the original insole and change to these . I even compared with one shoe with it one with the old insole . But I can hardly feel any difference . I do n't know how it is after a long run comparing to ordinary insole , but for the hight price , to me it 's not worthwhile .
 My wife loved this when she first got it . The head is the right material . Bad design though . The rollers only go down a little bit and so do n't wring out the head . You still have to squeeze it with your hand . Also , after a little more than a week the head is starting to pull free from the metal strip . I expect it will have to replaced soon.Anyone know where I can find an old fashioned O-Cedar cellulose squeeze mop ?
 I was underwhelmed by the product . In fact , the broken remains went out with the garbage and recycling just the other day.With perfect circumstances , this mop works pretty well . There 's a little warning about trying to wring it when it 's not all the way wet . Know what happens if you 're not the best judge of when that 's okay ? The wringer pulls the sponge out of the head , and ruins the head . Do n't try and fix it , just toss the head and get a new one . That 's the operator-error down side of the mop . The bad-design problems are the flimsy handle , and the worthless telescoping feature . If you mop with any force at all the handle flexes , and mine cracked the third time I did my floors . I was actually relieved when it cracked , because then I could feel justified in throwing it away and getting a better designed product . Prior to that , I had already ruined one mop head , and was endlessly frustrated by the telescoping handle . As you mop , the handle comes loose , and eventually slides into itself while you are working . Do that 10 times during a floor cleaning , and you 'll understand why I was happy when the whole thing finally broke.Maybe I 'm hard on mops , but seriously ... it 's a mop . It should operate with the durability of a hammer . It should n't require a bunch of foreplay , and a delicate touch . I save those skills for elsewhere :-RRB- I also found the ergonomic bend in the handle did n't add anything , and the handle did n't really extend far enough.If you 're a gentle mopper , are careful about full saturation before wringing , and you will really make use of the collapsable handle , you might do well with this product . If you are n't all three of those things , I would n't recommend it .
 Love the mop head , hate the hardward . The mop handle collaspes continually . Very disappointed . Seller was very good and sent me a new one . I hope it works.Rubbermaid G780-04 Pva Roller Mop
 Mop not new to me , first one I bought lasted 10 years with replacing mop heads every so often . Loved it and had no problems with it . Needed to replace whole mop so ordered one from amazon . If I did n't know better I would say it is different mop all together . First use of mop the handle would not stay up . Used instructions to keep mop handle extended but DID NOT work . Also mop head would not wring out water so had to hand wring . Will not order from here again .
 I love the PVA Roller head , it works fantastic and has held up to daily abuse for several months now . The handle is another story , it collapses constantly and I am constantly tightening it up only to have it collapse a few minutes later . I wish the shaft had true locking mechanism instead of the twist and tighten mechanism that it currently has that does not work . If this mop had a better handle it would be a 5 star mop but it is so frustrating in its current state I could n't give it more than 2 .
 mop started out working good , but after a short time it became very streaky as it cleaned . I would not recommend this mop . Would have returned it but was lazy to look for another pvc mop .
 This mop worked great three times . Left little water on the floor , all the good stuff that other reviewers have mentioned . I did n't like the inability to scrub the floor with this product . But what really generates this review is the fourth time that I went to use this product . My floors are tile , reasonably smooth , and I am a big guy , 6 ' 4 '' . Filled up my dual bucket , let the mop soak in the water portion , squeezed it out , put it in the detergent portion of the bucket , and started to mop . POP ! out comes the sponge out of its holder ! Drat !! Double Drat !! I unscrewed the holder , and forced the sponge back into its holder , reassembled everything , and went back to mopping . Pop !! Triple Drat !!! Out it comes again . Had to go back to my `` Quickie Sponge/Scrubber '' mop , which actually did a better job . Do n't buy this product . I ca n't recommend it .
 One of the worst products I have ever purchased . The telescoping handle collapsed every time I applied any pressure . It would not stay in position.Then , on only the second time of use , the mop head came away from the serrated jaws that were meant to hold it in place . There was no way to replace it . At the same time , the handle fell apart . I have never seen such a poorly designed item . You would think manufacturing a mop that did not disintegrate on day two would not be that difficult .
 I must say , I 'm completely befuddled by the rave reviews . The mop performed reasonably well on my tile floor , but when I tried it on my laminate floor , it morphed into The Mop From Hell . The PVC rubber created such a friction with the laminate , it literally forced all my stomach muscles to clench just trying to get it to budge an inch ! And once I got enough momentum to grind it against the surface , after a couple strokes , the head dried up and I had to start the torturous ordeal anew . Additionally , the lever to wring the mop head - while it is effective - is situated really low down to the floor . So either you have to mop with a strange neanderthal crouch , or you have to constantly joist the mop up to reach the wringer . And lastly , the scrub-ability ai n't that great either . Works fine on regular blotches , but the rubber is so dense , any force you use just gets absorbed instead of directed at the stain . Yup - the immense physical strain certainly warrants it being the mop from hell ...
 I bought this mop after researching because people said it was the best mop they 've ever owned . Do n't listen to them . This is a poorly designed product . The screws to hold the mop head in place go into the soft , flimsy foam of the mop head with nothing to secure them in place - what 's worse is that the roller actually PUSHES THE FOAM AWAY FROM THE SCREWS , causing the mop head to tear , rip and push out beyond the roller mechanism . This means the mop is useless until you stop mopping , push the mop head back up between the rollers -LRB- eventually , it 'll tear out of the screws completely , forcing you to replace the mop head - or finish cleaning the floor on your hands and knees after you 've thrown the mop out in the trash . -RRB- Every second or third time you rinse and push the roller down to wring the mop , it 'll pop out - forcing you to readjust the dirty mop head back up in behind the rollers to continue . That 's right
 I was very disappointed with my purchase . I was expecting to have usage of a mop of decent quality however the pva sponge came detached from the mop frame itself and is no longer usable . It is ridiculous that this product fell apart in only one month as I only used it 3 times . I assume that you take pride in the products that you sell and you should be willing to back it up .
 THE FIRST TIME i USED IT THE MOP HARDLY SOAKED UP ALOT OF WATER AND IT POPPED OUT OF THE HOLDER . FRUSTRATING !
 The kit came within a week of ordering . I read all of the instructions and did n't think they were hard to follow . Yes , a lot of precautions but not rocket science . So , what 's the problem ? Well , collecting the saliva and collecting enough of it to fill not just one but four tubes . There is one big tube about four-inch long and three little tubes about two-inch long . You have to collect in the morning , at noon , twice in the evening -LRB- before dinner and before bed-time -RRB- . The instructions say that you have to make each tube at least half-filled and that collection time ranges from 5 minutes to 30 minutes so I budgeted a little over 30 minutes for my morning collection , which was for the large tube . I started at 7am but ONE HOUR later , I had only a fifth of the minimum requirement . The instructions also say that smelling a lemon and pressing your tongue against your teeth will stimulate pooling of saliva . Well , I tried each of these but it did n't do much for me . Since I knew that the smell of food can stimulate salivation , I resorted to taking out some leftover Chinese stir-fry from the fridge and used the strong aroma to stimulate the saliva . Still , I was n't collecting enough and I was about to be late to work . So I carried the test kit with me and drove to work , spitting into the tube at each stop light . I drove for almost an hour to get to work and by the time I reached my workplace , I still had only half the minimum required amount . Fortunately I had no phone call or meeting that morning so I was able to keep spitting while working quietly at my desk , ignoring curious look from co-workers . Another two hours passed and I finally collected just about enough to meet the minimum line . But wait , this is n't over yet . It was 11 o'clock and I had to start a new round of spitting into a new tube for the `` noon collection '' . If I did n't start right away , I would not be able to finish the second collection and have lunch before 1pm . My `` noon '' collection was slightly short of the minimum line but I was exhausted trying and I had to eat lunch before a work meeting . I could only do what 's humanly possible . My advice to prospective buyers
 We purchased 2 pairs of Brooks runners at the same time as CosaminNutramax CosaminDS Exclusive Formula - 230 capsulesDS . Our freight charge was only $ 17 for the shoes , but we were hit with a freight cost of $ 46.00 for the Cosamine tablets . I sent an email via the company feedback form and never received a reply . It cost us more to purchase with the freight costs , than if we purchased the product in Australia .
 not all that impressive . if you want something like this you could easily create it on your own . it has a board with rooms found in the house and a die with different options .
 this is a knock off and a very cheap one at that . Stay away from this seller he has no ethical standards at all . The product was mostly alcohol and I made them send me pick up lable and full refund uncluding shipping . Ralf Lauren has actually stopped the manufacturing of this product and only available as clearence at some store only . I have switched to another brand . Too bad RL discontinued this very popular product .
 I tried it in water and juice , I can not make myself drink this stuff . Still trying to figure out a way to take this .
 I am sure this is pure vitamin C like everybody else says it is . I do n't like any additives myself , which is why I bought it . But there are two things about this that did not work for me1 -RRB- It tastes bad . Really bad . Even though I pretty good about handling bad tastes , I could n't handle this one .2 -RRB- It was pretty hard on my stomach . So much that after trying a couple of times , I just could n't try it again .
 I bought it to mix in face creams - it does n't dissolve so it makes the cream feel gritty . Also is a bit harsh on the skin . I would not repurchase .
 Unfortunately this product upset my stomach - I have a sensitive stomach . Also , there are too many pills to take at one time and they are too large .
 I dont get it . I read the reviews and and was really looking foward to trying this . I have alot of trouble with stress-related headaches and neck soreness from tension and I really wanted to love this . It was . . usless . I threw it away after the third attempt . The buckwheat does not heat evenly . The heat doesnt get held for more than a few minutes . The scent of lavender . . well ... it smells really off and I dont know why . I really was disapointed .
 The product is easy to use but when heated it smells like overheated oatmeal -LRB- it must be the buckwheat -RRB- . The smell is not too strong but it bothers me so I do not use it .
 I ordered this as a gift for someone , but decided not to give it to her because a fine gritty dust sifts out through the wrap -LRB- heated or not -RRB- . This dust gets on any surface you place the wrap on , including yourself . It was also kind of bunched up and too firm/almost crunchy especially in the part that curves in front of you . I have purchased other similar products -LRB- Bed Buddy -RRB- and was very satisfied -- just wanted to try something that would wrap around the neck more . I wonder if all of the Happy Company products are like this one ? -- ugh !
 It stays warm for maybe 10 minutes . I reheated it for maybe 3 minutes and now it stinks like a burning smell all the time . The Cherry stone neck pillow is much better , it stays hot longer and the heat is stronger as the weight of the wrap really helps the heat sink into sore neck muscles . Buy the cherry stone neck wrap instead . I use it everyday and its great .
 Everything about this product was bad . To begin with , the title Bee Hemp is misleading , as there is moving hemp or bees in these candles . They are made wig paraffin , a cooking grade wax . The directions are written with poor English and were clearly not even double checked for punctuation , making it hard to understand what exactly they were telling you . The candles themselves are dangerous . The flame is around 4 inches high , and when you try to `` snip the ash with scissors , '' the ash unwinds into an inch or two which dangles from the candle . It is difficult to actually remove , and of the two candles I used and the two my mate used , we were both burned from rouge ashes and embers . Finally , they simply just do n't work . The wax found inside the burned candle is actually from the candle itself , not your ear . -LRB- Go figure . -RRB- They are uncomfortable to hold in your ear for the ten minutes they burn because they have sharp edges . The sound from the burning end is loud and uncorfortable.To sum it up , I have never been more displeased with anyboroduct before . Do not buy these . They are a waste of your time , dangerous , and you 'd be supporting a hoax .
 I used two o them , followed instructions and nothing happened . I remember using homemade ones when i was young and they worked wonders , so i figured these are ok too but i made a mistake . i guess paraffin does not work the same as white wax or whatever they use , i suggest trying something else .
 I was undere the impression that this product would clean out my ears . It did nothing of the sort , so I would never bother with this item again . I 'll just simply go see a doctor to have my ears cleaned .
 My wife and I tried this after my mother in law suggested it . What a joke . It is impregnated with wax and melts its own wax , which you then think is ear wax . You can even see the trail of wax from the flame and not your ear . The instructiosn even sat to hold the candle at an angle . This allows the wax to flow from the flame down so it looks like you are getting ear wax . We held one vertical and wax ddi not flow.Oh yea , not only does it do nothing , it has a five inch flame . Be careful that you do not set your hair on fire . The instructions say to cover the person 's head with a damp cloth . They are not kidding.Two things to learn here . Buy a Q-Tip -LRB- and be careful -RRB- and never listen to your mother in law .
 A little scary to use ... the flames got pretty big . We will not be buying these again and will stick to using Q-tips to clean our ears .
 The great thing about this set is that it comes with a clipper and a trimmer . It feels pretty solid in your hands . There 's a lot of bad things about this unit . It does not cut hair well . There was frequent hair pulling . The blades get pretty hot after 20-30 min of uses . Can not cut well through thick hair .
 IT DOES N'T WORK PROPERLY . IT COULD N'T BE LIKE WHAL.I AM SORRY PLEASE DO N'T BUY . GREAT PRICE FOR SOMETHING THAT DOES N'T WORK GREAT .
 i got this as a present and it doen ; t work at all . the person who got it for me didnt write back to the place she got it from so i am stuck with a product that does not work ...
 The capsules have a rancid smell to them . I have had this product in the past and never noticed such a terrible smell . It is n't a smell as you find with some herbal supplements , or vitamin B complex , it is actually a rotten odor . Too bad I bought a couple bottles . I can purchase the same product from my doctor so when I go back to her I will purchase another bottle and see if they have an odor or not . I do n't know if I received a bad product , or if this is just the normal smell of the minerals .
 I bought this as khalil mamoon hookah and I recieved an off-brand hookah . It is not authentic . I contacted the seller and the company doesnt have any authentic parts to exchange with me . Im very dissapointed . In addition , the bowl was broken and the hose , once I washed it , blue drips of water came out . Also the stem was bent , but I mangaed to bend it back . Be aware . ''
 I can not really review this product because within days of starting it I broke out in hives , and as soon as I quit taking it they went away . I can only conclude that I am alergic to the product . Becase I have no real data , I had to give this one star .
 I used 2 bottles and can not tell any major difference . I had read elsewhere that this product does n't go well with zinc and I did not know this before I purchased and used it . I do not think I will buy this again .
 Can not take , upsets my gi system . and causes Blotting . Would like to return it . please respond to this . Message , thanks
 Do not purchase the 2.6 oz size of this product . They will send you a stick of deodorant instead of a 2.6 oz bottle of cologne . Then they try to make you pay 15 % restocking fee and S&H because customer `` ordered the wrong item '' .
 First , if you 're looking for it to write well alone then I 'd give it 5 stars . The gel insert that it comes with is fantastic . I immediately ordered 10 . Unfortunately the pen feels like a made in China giveaway , not a $ 100 pen . No , I was n't expecting a Mont Blanc or anything , but I was expecting better quality.What specifically ? The top feels thin and bends real easy , and because it 's so thin it 's sharp , I already have a wear line half way through the pen because I like to put the top on the back when I 'm using it.The `` chrome '' looking pin on the side is plastic , and very cheap . Looks like it 's coming off most the time.What would I have paid for this and been happy ? $ 35
 1st Of all when this bracelet arrived the case was jammed shut as if someone stepped on the box before sending it out for delivery . I literally hurt myself trying to pry it open . a couple of tools later I was taken back by the cheesy bronzy gold look . The bracelet looked extremely cheap . After I got over that I decided to try it on . Errrrr ! Not so fast the clasp would not open . Thankfully I had tools so I finally got it on . I was gon na try to work with it . Then time came to take it off . I had to enlist my husband and he struggled to pry the clasp open for me . Enough was enough , I had to send it back .
 When writing , it felt ` extremely gritty ' . It was not fluid at all . Not that this is the most expensive pen in the world , but for the price , one would expect a smooth writing experience .
 I like Jarrow products and was sorely disappointed with this one . With all the rave reviews , I thought this was a bulls-eye purchase . Going on Jarrow 's good reputation and good experience I had with their other products , I thought I 'd give their Krill Oil a try . Well , as soon as you open the bottle you get knocked over by a overwhelming nasty stench of rancid fish . Putting one in my mouth was a hurdle , swallowing one down was a battle . Still , because of Jarrow being a good company I gave these a fair chance . About 1 week . Needless to say I can no longer stand the stink , the taste and I 'm getting an upset stomach too . Rather than go through the hassle of returning the items -LRB- I bought 2 bottles ... stupid , I know ... -RRB- , they are going right into the garbage.Jarrow , you are a good company . Please do something about this horrible product .
 I ca n't even get it near my nose , let alone in my mouth . Two soft gels have 230 mg omega-3 fatty acids . Of that EPA is 115mg and DHA is 65mg . Phosphollpids are 400mg . Astaxanthin is 50mcg .
 Anybody know the concentration of these Krill oil/capsules ? Might very well be a 5 * item but need to know mg oil/capsule before buying . I could not find this info in description .
 This wrap is n't very sturdy and does n't hold up too well to everyday abuse . I used it to secure a burn dressing on my arm only because I did not have any vetrap , -LRB- by 3-M and is sold for veterinary use -RRB- which is sturdier and holds up to heavier use and sticks to itself much better than this product does .
 Pretty good tasting with cold water , but as you let it sit a while and it warms to room temperature it does n't taste too good . Maybe the other flavors are better .
 I usually like Clif products , and maybe I got a bad canister - but this stuff tasted terrible to me . You have to mix quite a bit of powder , and it does n't mix particularly well . I made sure to measure out exactly the right portion of water to mix it with a second time to verify that it was revolting before posting this review . Bleech , no more please . And I 'm not kidding about the vomit part . You 're actually left with a disgusting acidic bile taste very similar to what you have after you loose your lunch . Yummy !
 Here 's one problem
 My father needed a watch with a light and large numbers . This watch was one of the few found . My dad also wanted a leather band so I ordered this one . It was inexpensive and looked it , it was also shipped with a gold band . To return , i either had to wait for an envelope , return it and wait for a replacement . Or I could have ordered a new another one and get reimbursed when I returned the first one . I chose the first option . The whole process took about a month and half . Considering they made the mistake , I expected more action on their part to correct the order . I would n't recommend them .
 drys up fast . Do n't like ! If you are trying to conceive though it 's really the best option if you are super dry down there . Make your man hit up the foreplay is the only better option . lol
 I used Vitex for two months prior to seeing this product online . It looked like a good female hormone support clease and so I added it to my daily vitamin regimine along with Vitex . I was taking the vitex to help reduce large clots during my menstrual cycle . All this is post seeing two docs for excessive bleeding during menstruation . Post ultrasounds and consults , there was nothing they could do to help me . I think this is the part where I wished Jesus was in town and I could touch his robe to fix my bleeding issue . However , I did some research and found the Vitex . That really worked for me , and the same cycle I started taking it . I got to post ovulation when some really rotten PMS kicked in and what a delight since the love of my life had his father and nephew down for the weekend . I should add I do n't have PMS , at least not for 15 years so all this was super upsetting to me . Then came breast pain ... so I discontinued use during last weekend . The PMS went away within a day . I think with most herbal support regimines you have to take and determine yourself if they could be of use to you .
 I tried this product with the fertility cleanse kit . I have early stage endo and infertility this was recommended . It did nothing for my symptoms . Same cramps , headaches , and abnormal flow . Oh , well .
 Not sure but I just do n't think this product did what it said it was suppose to do . did n't care for this .
 Been on this for months and notice no results yet . Perhaps it takes longer ; perhaps not effective for me . Very disappointed .
 The Curad gauze pads are very thin and minamally absorbent . They do not provide the protection I need . Both Kroger and Johnson & Johnson provide a much better guaze pad but are slightly more expensive . I will not buy Curad pads again .
 When I was growing up in the 80 's my father owned a product like this ... except it had holes on the side of the pole and not on the bottom . The handled were yellow . I 've search every where for it . I could not find it . I found this yard butler device on amazon . I thought ... AWESOME ! Ordered it right a way . When I received it , I thought `` hmmm ... that 's odd . They put the hole on the bottom . '' I just used it for the first few trees . This thing is a royal piece of ! @ # $ % . It clogs 100 % of the time . One would think the clog would blow out if you pulled it out of the hole and placed it on the ground . Nope . It remained clogged for 30 mins until I got something to push into the hole and clear out the dirt . I sit here in utter amazement that someone mass produced this product and bought it to market . That person own me some money back .
 I really wanted to like this product . My dad had one very much like this that he used for more than 30 years , but it had holes on the sides of the spike , and not one hole at the bottom/end like this does . The problem is that as soon as I pushed the irrigator into the ground , it got plugged up with dirt and small pebbles so no water would come out . If the holes were on the sides , this would not be a problem . I know that there are irrigators out there with the holes in the side , and I would recommend that you look for one of those models .
 we used it once down here in the south and even predrilled holes for it in the ground with a 1/2 in auger bit and one foot extension , however after just one trees worth of use the paint was worn off the tip and it was severely rusted , I uploaded the photo to the bunch at the top of the review . Seems to be cheap steel and is certainly not hard or rust resisteant NiChrome at all , I doubt if it would last a few more jobs much less a whole season in my yard unless i was prepared to scrape it down with steel wool and hit it with Rustoleum each time we used it . If you are working in soft soils then fine , but after thinking about how easily the tip clogs I would spend your money on something else like the Treegator Junior Pro 15-Gallon Slow Release Watering Bag for Trees and Shrubs which is slightly cheaper and a lot easier to use . Also keep the box it comes in , since this is a very odd size if you need to send it back you will be hard pressed to find anything else that will do , we had to frankenbox it back , but UPS takes just about anything if its prepaid ...
 The root irrigator did not work right . Every time I pushed into the dirt the irrigator would get clogged . It was not worth the trouble . Very disappointed
 There is only one hole in the bottom and it is very small . I used the product twice and now it is clogged and I can not get it to work again . I would suggest putting holes on the side as well as the very bottom opening . This is the only product I can find for the purpose needed .
 This little dude does its job , but it could certainly be better.I could not find the specs of this thing anywhere in the description , but so you know , it is 36 '' from handle to tip . You could get up to 32 '' of it into the ground , which is pretty deep . Of course , unless you have full sand or very clean and freshly dumped soil , good luck getting it that far in the ground ... The tube is 5/8 '' thick . If you hit anything hard -LRB- read
 The Yard Butler is a poorly made tree watering tool compared to Ross . With the drought and the recall on the Ross tool for its cap that pops off I did n't have much of a choice . The one hole for water at the bottom of the tool is a poor design that clogs easily , even when you put it into the ground as the directions indicate . To make it function much better I drilled holes on the side of the tube to do a quicker and more thorough job .
 This product worked just fine watering those bushes and small trees needing a good subterranean soaking . Unfortunately , after using it several times the coupling where the hose connects came apart . The poor design makes it impossible to reconnect the coupling . With the return period past , I 'll need to see if manage a new way to make this work .
 I bought this trying to find a more natural , yet effective deodorant ... I work in a laid-back job , where I can more or less move at my own pace-I am on my feet most the day , but barely moving around ... This deodorant works for about an hour , and then stops . I could notice myself stinking . And like has been said , it wo n't work at all unless applied to PERFECTLY CLEAN skin , i.e. right out of shower and dried skin . Waste of money .
 This item clearly states it is a `` 3 pack '' however it is for only a single bottle of the product . The seller , Vitamin Shoppe takes no responsibility for the incorrect listing , citing Amazon as listing it incorrectly . The really amazing part is that Amazon and Vitamin Shoppe have been notified weeks ago yet they continue to allow the incorrect and misleading ad to remain . One can only conclude from this that it is intentional false advertising . BUYER BEWARE !
 Stated that you would get a pack of 3 . Only one came . I called up The Vitamin Shoppe . They said it was Amazon 's fault.They said that they have never sold it as a 3 pack . I guess that I will have to dispute it with my credit card company .
 I thought `` Pack of 3 '' meant three items . Wrong . Only one item was sent . Not a good value for that price .
 AFTER CAREFULLY SHOPPING AROUND FOR THE BEST PRICE , I CHOSE TO BUY THIS BECAUSE IT ADVERTISED `` PACK OF 3 '' . WHAT ELSE WOULD ` PACK OF 3 ' MEAN ??????? I RECEIVED ONE - FALSE ADVERTISING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I contacted The Vitamin Shoppe today because my order came with only 1 deodorant instead of 3 . The description states that you will get 3 , but in fact you will not . Vitamin Shoppe did not even want to help me because they said that it was not their error . They told me to take it up with amazon since it was their mistake ! I just know that I am NOT gon na get the short end of the stick and get ripped off !!!!
 Be Warned , you will only receive one . It 's fine , as far as deodorant goes , but it is not three .
 I see a lot of great reviews , however , I broke out in the worst rash under my right breast area . It hurts so badly.I believe in natural stuff and love unscented stuff , but I feel we should also share when problems arise.I hope I can clear this up on my own ... I know it came from this product.I do have sensitive skin and I have a very small area where it was starting on my left side.Just be careful - you never know .
 I used this deodorant on 3 different occasions during the dead of winter , working an indoor , non-physically demanding job and not sweating . I still got B.O. . So this deodorant just did n't work for me , much to my disappointment . I hope others have better luck than I did .
 I was really hopeful . I tried this deodorant hoping to be able to stop using the regular products with Aluminium-based ingredients.It worked great for the wetness but it did nothing for the odor . And this is not something I am willing to compromise on . A deodorant must solve both problems .
 This deodorant smells like smelly arm pits even before you put it on . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 This deodorant does n't work for me at all , and I so want it to . Even combined with Weleda deodorant spray -LRB- I have both the Sage and the Citrus -RRB- I smell foul less than 1/2 way through the day . Sigh .
 I did not realize how much my armpit stink until I began using this product . I purchased this at a grocery store and I 've tried both the solid and roll-on sticks and they were as effective as applying water to your armpits . In fact , that 's what it feels like in both cases . After I applied the product , I allowed my armpits to dry but this product still did not work for me .
 I thought that this `` crystal body deodorant '' would be like the last one I bought , which lasted me YEARS!However , instead of a solid crystal that was pushed up by a plastic screw , this item is a roller-ball on top of a bottle of liquid . How is THAT a `` crystal body deodorant '' ? Moreover , my underarm hairs sometimes get caught in the roller ball , which is NOT a pleasant sensation.Overall , this was a big disappointment .
 I am getting a little frustrated in my search for natural deodorants -- I have done Toms of Maine and Arm and Hammer - I have tried all deodorant stones they did n't work at all -- I have done this deodorant spray and it did n't work at all -- I am very disappointed with this product -- My search will continue -- You put it on and right away I have a body odor -- I take a shower and put this on and failed to work -- do n't waste your money -- any ideas I am still looking for something to actually work --
 Okay , I 'm not one of those people that goes and reviews a natural deodorant expected to get an antiperspirant , but this deodorant just did n't work at all for me . I 've used other natural deodorants that at least deodorize the BO a bit , like they 're supposed to do . This product was basically useless to apply alone because without being combined with something else , it was as if I was n't wearing anything . When I came home at night my armpits -LRB- and my clothes -RRB- would smell putrid . I 'd have to wash everything after wearing it only once . Perhaps it was because it was unscented , I do n't know . Also , you ca n't reapply it throughout the day -- this will do nothing to get rid of body odor and will also contaminate the stick with your smell -LRB- hence the `` only apply to clean underarms '' directions on the label . And trust me , you 'll need to reapply with something after using this!Maybe it was just me -- there were a lot of positive reviews , maybe it depends on your body chemistry .
 I do n't know if you are aware , but All deodorants crystals , crystal deodorant roll-ons , and crystal deodorant sprays contain either
 I have complex regional pain syndrome in my right arm and hand and I ca n't zip up my dresses . I purchased this walking stick because it was advertised that the `` s hook '' on the end could be used as a zipper pull . For what ? The hook is too big for for zippers . I feel duped . There is no way you can use this dressing stick to pull up a zipper !! I called The Therapy Connection at HPMS , the company who sells this product on Amazon . I explained to the supervisor Natalie that the `` Dressing Stick '' was falsely advertised because it can not be used as a dressing stick . I requested a full refund and waiver of the 20 % restocking fee because the product does not work as advertised . She told me no . I told her that I would give the company a negative review . She then told me that if I promised to give the company a positive review the 20 % restocking fee would be waived . She actually was trying to black mail me . I hung up and filed a complaint with Amazon . Save yourself a headache . Do n't order from this company !!!
 Not completely hypoallergenic . Caused severe irritation , red marks and burning skin . Even after it had been removed for several days .
 I purchased this product along with my FRIO pouch to keep my insulin pens cool while away from home . I like the mesh pouch on the outside of the case as it allows the FRIO to `` breath '' so that it works properly , however the hook part of the hook & loop strip that keeps the flap closed wore out in just a few months , yet the same kind of closure on the FRIO pouch is still in pristine condition . Another issue I have with the case is that it really is n't designed well on the inside . I was hoping for something that would carry my meter , test strips , lancing device , spare lancets , alcohol swabs , pen needles , and needle clipping device neatly along with a pill box for my oral meds . The case is not expandable and it is nearly impossible to fit all of that inside , even though from the photos it looks like it is a decent sized organizer . If I were to do it again , I would have no problem ordering another FRIO pouch but would not order this case to go with it . There are better products on the market .
 I bought this case for an overseas trip . I had 2 kinds of insulin to keep cool , lancets , syringes , a glucometer , needle tips , and test strips , and it 's usually a good idea to take double of everything you 'll need if you travel for over a month . I tried it out before I left . It had a thin belt threaded through 2 loops on the back of the case so it can be worn like a fanny pack , but with little stability . The bag did n't lay flat on the body but hung out because of inadeqate support once your items were in the case . I substituted an old handbag strap for the belt and it gave infinitely better support . The mesh pocket came loose after 6 uses . The inside area was very small and not explandable . Such a poorly constructed bag for such a great product as the Frio pouch was very disappointing . I never took it on the trip . I found an ultralight backpack at LL Bean with 2 large sturdy mesh pockets and all the room inside for medications and diabetes paraphenalia for a similar price and it was perfect for my diabetic needs.If you are only carrying a few items it might work for you , but I felt that I need a much sturdier case that could accomodate all my diabetes supplies for a long trip .
 I just received this 2 weeks ago , from reading what its suppose to do . And the dosage for the amount of weight loss you want to lose , it sounded really good . So far the only thing I have loss is my money in ordering this junk . And I have gained 5 pounds on top of that . My regret is I ordered 2 bottles , but I will continue to take them and hope for the best in the long run .
 Smells like windex -LRB- Window cleaning solution -RRB- better off with vinegar and hot water to clean your laminate flooring its just as good or even better , organic and inexpensive.Reminds me to compare ingredients with windex I swear the smell identical .
 Batteries were handled gently , but one died on 4th recharge . The recharger is informative and accurately charges . Too bad batteries or quality control is junk .
 I 'm a runner who regularly uses hyaluronic acid as part of my daily supplements and exercise regime . I normally buy the hyaluronic/glucosamine compound from another manufacturer -LRB- Source Naturals -RRB- , but I had heard a program on my local talk radio station in which they advertised this H.A. Joint complex by Purity Products as the best in the market . I decided to give Purity Products a try . It is all a LIE ! After almost a month of taking this sugar pill , my joints -LRB- especially my knees , shoulders and hands -RRB- are more stiff and achy than normal . Do n't spend money on this , it just does n't work . Even after taking the recommended dosage , and I 'm still in a lot of pain , and now have developed little bruises on my knees after exercising or running . I 'll never purchase this product again . I 'm going back to the product I used before , which has noticeable effects after about 2 days of use . Do n't waste your money on this ...
 DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THESE PEOPLE !!! During a free trial they charged my card 104.00 for products that were not ordered and were supposed to be free !!! Trust me on this - these products are no different , Vitamin K , D , Fish oil etc. . . than you can find at your local store for 1/3 of the price !!!!!!!! RIP OFF !! I was trying to give this product NO Stars !! -LRB- but this page would not let me ! -RRB-
 Stopped my glucos for this H.A. Crap . My joints are getting worse after being on it for two weeks . This sucks .
 This product did absolutely nothing!The direction said to double up on the first 2 weeks thats 6 pills a day . It did n't work for me !
 do Not EVER get involved with these people ... customer service is atrocious . If you ever want to stop auto shipments , you have to report your card stolen ... and move to a new zip code . This is the WORST company I have ever dealt with ... not to mention the placebo pills they sent me did nothing as advertised !
 I used the wrist coolers once with satisfaction . When I went to use them a second time , it was impossible to connect the velcro as the bands had shrunk . Very dissatisfied .
 Ask yourself ... Why Parisi 's reviews are always the first and the oldest review on hundreds of supplements , few years ahead of any other review written by anyone else and that is the same situation not for one review but for hundreds of review and all those reviews with high scores for the seller and the product itself.Parisi 's review is dated 2005 and the next review is dated 2010 . I guess no one ever purchased any of these supplements for five years in between or if they did , they had no opinion at all . Majority of Parisi 's reviews are set like that and even though in many of his/her reviews Parisi is reminded that his/her review is misleading in Perisis 's comment section by other individuals , Parisi fails to respond or update his/her comments for some seven years . Meantime Parisi claims in many of his/her comments -LSB- I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY -RSB- ... No one can afford to swallow down that many supplements a day . No honest individual would let his/her review go so many years without updating such review if they are reminded by others that is misleading time after time . For that reason , I say watch out since it is about your health not their motives .
 The shipping was prompt and it came in good condition.I am not aware of any benefits from taking this supplement.It is supposed to be an anti-inflammatory but I still hadto take ibuprofen for inflammation . Wish it had workedas well as the XanGo juice but it did not . : -LRB-
 The globe seems sound enough structurally , but the pen that came with it did n't seem to actually have any ink in it . I tried my dry-erase whiteboard pens on it , and was n't able to completely erase them , even with white board cleaning solution . Disappointing for a $ 50 globe .
 I have been a personal trainer for 15 years . I thought I would give this a try . I did notfeel anything from this product .
 The capsules in the bottle were all warped and opened like they had been exposed to heat . I have no problem with the company they were great with returning my money . The product on the other hand may be susceptible to heat .
 The velcro pads make the item extremely bulky along the sholders and , when you move , the Velcro makes noise . The elastic bands run too close to the neck , so it shows at the neck line of even simple t-shirts . This product is not convenient for everyday use .
 I have tried several shoulder/clavical suppors in stores and they all felt supportive , but bulky . I ordered this and I do n't feel how it is supportive at all . I would not buy this item for any reason .
 I am a tall male . This just is not made for anyone but average hieght . It was way too tight under the arms . It bunches up first time on . I wore it twice and todded it .
 this item was waaaayyy small even though marked as correct size . returned and never did see credit . dont waste your money .
 I ordered 2 Chums glasses retainers -LRB- Navy blue and Black -RRB- , yet I recieved 2 Croakies retainers . After writing an email , requesting money refund or original items to Watchband store and Amazon I still have not recieved an answer nor my requested retainers , thus I rate this service as below any standard.J
 This product has not proved to be very useful at holding onto my glasses . Not enough grip in the area where they connect to the paddles so I frequently find my glasses hanging by only one side or the other .
 I bought these for my husband who has Parkinson 's and whose chin rests on his chest . The grips did not hold the glasses next to his head and still slipped off his nose.Chums Original Cotton Standard End Eyewear Retainer
 One of the things I learned from Chinese herbalists , was that `` Western '' liver formulas are generally way too weak to be considered effective . With that said , I bought this product in a pinch . Felt like I needed a good liver cleanse . Well , I certainly did n't get one from this formula . It 's just not strong enough , bottom line . If you want a super gentle liver `` petting '' formula , then yeah , use this product . I say `` petting '' , because this formula absolutely will not cleanse your liver.If you want a liver CLEANSING/REJUVINATING formula , look elsewhere . You 'd have to take 20 pills per day of this formula , to get the same effects you 'll get from a good chinese herbal formula , such as liquid preparations of Chinese Bitters , Coptis , Gold Coin Grass , etc.The only good thing about this formula is that it 's available on amazon here for about $ 7 less than I bought it for in my local vitamin store , lol .
 I would give this product no stars if that were an option . The design is just horrible . The picture does n't show that the inside is made of some kind of RUBBER that goes directly against your skin . It was terribly uncomfortable and made my skin break out in a rash . I tried wearing it over a thin long sleeved shirt to get some protection , but the shirt just bunched up and still irritated my skin . And of course the item is non-returnable . So buyer beware ! I have tried several other wrist guards and while the quality of the others varied , I can EASILY say this was by far the WORST . I literally threw it away after 2 uses . It just was n't worth the discomfort .
 Works ok , have used for a couple years now . It has always had an issue with getting too hot during use for some reason , even if you have it turned down really low , I think the thermostat is very cheap . Better than nothing , but it is cheap for a reason . Get better quality if you can .
 I 've tried three brands of emu oil and this was the worst so far . It was extremely thin and watery . I ended up returning it . Try instead `` Emu Essence Naturals '' . It is wonderful -- more expensive but I do n't doubt its purity , quality or freshness as I do this product . -LRB- I am just a consumer , btw , not affiliated with either company -RRB- .
 I 'm not sure if it 's ONLY Emu Oil in the bottle or not from this company , I say this because I had purchased a 2oz bottle of Thunder Ridge Emu Oil from my local herb store , and it 's consistency is much thicker than the consistency in the bottle from this company that is also claiming 100 % Emu Oil . Also it seems to have little beady looking fuzz ball stuff in the bottle , while the one from my local herb store did n't have this . The other thing that makes me wonder if this company dilutes there 's or maybe its not 100 % Emu Oil is the BIG PRICE DIFFERENCE from all the other companies selling the same size bottle . . I accidentally threw my packing slip away so I guess I 'm stuck with it ... UPDATE : I did n't need the packing slip to return the product -LRB- ODD -RRB- , and now they do n't want to refund the shipping even though their site CLEARLY STATES that shipping will be refunded if product is defective , well I call being old & expired defective . Also they received the package back on 7/7/2010 still NO REFUND at all . And it is now 7/16/2010DON ' T BUY , I REPEAT DO N'T buy from this company . .
 Still waiting for my emu oil to arrive . I 've tried emailing the company several times with no reply from them . I will be filing a claim with Amazon to get my money back.Be careful on ordering from this company . Their customer service is non-existent .
 The Emu oil i recieved was in a blue bottle and not like the one displayed here!There was no safetly seal on the bottle either . Wo n't order again !
 my girlfriend told me to get this for my dandruff . its really expensive and doesnt really do much . if you have dandruff i recommend head and shoulders CONDITIONER . not reg . head and shoulders . that stuff kicks ass
 I got the product , the cap was missing and the oil was all over the packing . Do n't buy this from this seller .
 Maybe because it is refined or that this oil was so watery , I did not see any results from this product , not my hair or my skin no difference . And I feel a little guilty that it was made from Emu , common what did Emus ' ever do to you , JK !
 Love the product ! Convient pump failed to pump out product ! The whole reason I went with this selection was due to the new design ! When I notified the folks at AmericaRx , I was told ... the product directly came from the manufacturer they ship the products from new batch and we have shipped out the product in safe condition.As of now we are unable to reship another pump for your order . WOW , if you expect any customer service you wo n't get it there ! Pay the extra and go straight thru the manafactuer !! BUYER BEWARE !! Thanks for nothing AmericaRx ... SMH
 Seems like a nice , moisturizing balm . It 's a little `` claustrophobic '' feeling on your lips
 Said one size fits all . Wrong . I wear a 10 and a 1/2 and the booties areabout a 7 .
 I was excited to try this product after reading many great reviews about it . I took it for almost 3 months . I became sick shortly after starting to take it , but continued using it thinking it would help my illness . My symptoms were allergy type symptoms that never went away , during the whole 3 months I took this product . I stopped taking it when I ran out of my supply after 3 months and within 2 days my symptoms were gone . My only thought is that I am allergic to one of the ingredients in it -LRB- I have horrible allergies to certain plants -RRB- . Disappointed that this was not a good product for me .
 I 'm taking an anatomy and physiology class and thought this would come in handy for somewhat detailed study of bones , their surfaces , and how the bones articulate with each other . If that 's what you 're looking for , let me just say you can do better and for less money.The product image on Amazon is lousy , so let me recommend you do a Google Images search and find some detail on whichever skeleton you 're thinking about getting.Here 's my main dislike of Flexible Mr Thrifty
 If you 're considering purchasing this for treating autoimmune disorders such as arthritis , psoriasis , etc. then you would be just as likely to get relief of symptoms by chewing up the dollars you spent on this product or flushing them down the toilet . I have both psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis , and a couple other auto immune disorders , and have been taking this without seeing any signs of improvement of symptoms with any of them . I also have a young female friend who has Hidradenitis Suppurativa , another autoimmune skin disease , and she started the tumeric extract about a month before I did . Likewise she has not seen any improvemnt whatever . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! THIS IS JUST YET ANOTHER QUACK REMEDY !
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called &#34; natural &#34; company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source &#34; naturals &#34; think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states &#34; made in the USA &#34; which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 The soft cloth is O.K. . But it was n't at all what I expected . I thought it would be better quality .
 I used this product after Gastric Bypass Surgery and found the taste really bad even worse then a bad medicine . It may have benifits but I found a protein shake to be better then this and stopped using the product .
 I never actually got this product , but the cherry version is awful ! I had ordered 1 cherry and 1 orange -- never got the orange , and they never refunded my money!ABOUT THE SELLER
 Took one capsule every day until the bottle ran out and never noticed any improvement in my urinary flow . Do n't really want to take drugs , so I 'm checking other alternatives . Bottom line , did n't do anything for me , good or bad .
 The product does n't fit exactly as it should . It is either slightly too small or the sucking power of the A/C is bending the product so that there are gaps between the edge of it and the A/C vent . The filtering material seems good , but it just does n't fit snug .
 The filter we ordered was quite a bit larger than the size it is marked as and did n't fit . We did get it installed but it had to be manipulated and bent into place with a mallet . The location requires an 8ft ladder to install it in the ceiling , so we we 're not happy customers . We could n't find this size anywhere , so we were happy to find it through Amazon . But disappointed in the sizing which should be standard .
 These are decent filters for the money . Unfortunately -LRB- for me -RRB- they decided to make the 12x25x1 filter 11x24x1 which proved to be too small for my unit . I tried shifting it every way possible but the only position it seems to fully cover and not allow dust and debris into the coils is shoved way down . Problem is the filter then gets soaking wet from the condensation channel that runs below it . Shame this company did n't decide to go ahead and make the filter the TRUE size stated on the package . I have no use for these now . Yes , I am blaming the maker for something I knew when I ordered them , but when I really think about it , it is the actual size that should be listed on the package . Not a fictional size .
 BE AWARE WHEN ORDERING FROM THIS SELLER , PRODUCT COUNTS AND SHIPPING COSTS ARE NOT AS STATED.These jars were perfect . Exactly what my Mom had been looking for . Unfortunately , the seller does not honor stated product counts and prices . So I felt I had to give this item 1 star . Dollar wise , it 's small potatoes , but the inconsistencies of the seller , should not be tolerated on a site like this . I make a lot of purchases from Amazon.com , and I have never had an issue like this . Nor have I ever been told that the prices for the product or the shipping are not as stated . I 've looked at the product page numerous times , if I 've missed were it says `` 5 jars only '' , I 'd like my fellow shoppers to let me know . Again this has nothing to do with the value of the jars , simply the value of your word.This is the exchange between myself and the seller , after I did not receive all the jars as advertised.MY ORIGINAL MESSAGE TO THE SELLER : My order of 12 Ointment Jar Glass Amber 25 ml -LRB- .84 oz -RRB- remains incomplete.I received 5 of the jars , very soon after my order was placed . Iunderstand that you split the shipment `` to reduce shipping charges '' . However , my entire order was to arrive , no later than February 29th . It isnow the end of the day , March 1st , and I still have not received theremaining 7 jars . Please advise.FROM THE SELLER : Sorry for the misunderstanding , however , this was for 5 jars only whichwas the last of that inventory . The shipping for 12 jars is $ 13.65 andAMAZON does NOT allow me to a -RRB- change the shipping or b -RRB- change theoriginal description which is why I put it in the comments that it wasonly 5 jars . The shipping for 5 jars is $ 5.49 -LRB- which is what you paid -RRB- . This is comments from another buyer regarding same item . `` These jars are well-made . My only complaint is that I spent more forshipping than the price of the jars . `` dominic p. , February 17 , 2012I can sell you 7 -LRB- or more -RRB- of the bigger jars for $ 10 that I have listedhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004VI94TU if you are interested orreturn the 5 and I 'll issue a refund.SECOND EMAIL TO THE SELLER : There is no misunderstanding . I ordered 12 Jars . `` Ointment Jar Glass Amber 25 ml -LRB- .84 oz -RRB- - 12 Per Bag '' It says 12 perbag-12 what exactly , if not 12 jars?Also on my delivery slip it states `` Comments
 They had the wrong description for this item . It said 18-count , but I received one bone , paid $ 17 in shipping and just got one bone . The GREAT thing about this experience was that Amazon 's A-to-Z policy fixed it all and refunded me the full amount!I LOVE AMAZON !!!
 I am 20 years old and I still manage to get acne . Although this oil is advertised to immediately clear up your skin , I did n't see any changes at all . If you have acne that seems to be resistant to just about every product out there like mine then chances are this one wo n't work for you either .
 This product was never received , although I did pay for it . Numerous inquiry tothe company and Amazon have gone unanswered .
 I bought this after reading it would help fade acne scars . I 've been using it every night for 2 weeks without any results . It actually made me break out : -LRB-
 after 2 months = no result , at all grape seed oil works better and cost 100 times less
 My daughter urged me to buy this oil after she used it to clear up a skin problem that had persisted for over a year . She also told me it cleared her doggie 's breath after he licked it from her arm . I just received it and hope it offers me some miracles for my skin problems .
 Thought I must have read the description wrong after the 3 bottles I ordered showed up.This product I received was Not 100 % Tamanu oil . Instead it is a 1 OZ bottle that contains a half ounce of 100 % Pure Tamanu oil and a half ounce of olive oil.Item came with a different label and was not as pictured or promised .
 The product was sold as 100 % Tamanu Oil , and it was labeled as such on the box , but on the bottle , the ingredients were listed as 50 % Tamanu Oil , 50 % Olive Oil , I contacted New Chapter Organics , the manufacturer , and I was informed that they only sell 100 % Tamanu Oil in 1/2 ounce sizes . I contacted Amazon , and they immediately refunded my money . I 'm a cautious on-line shopper , but I will do more and all with Amazon .
 This is NOT the item you will get when you order form them.You will instead receive New Chapter BLENDED Tamanu and Olive OIl . What a scam !!!
 I liked this scrub it left my skin clearer and smoother than most of the stuff I bought on Amazon to get rid of milia bumps and dry skin but I 'm a lil freaked out about the ingredients in it . I was thinking that most of it was natural . But this scrub has Stearic Acid and Aluminum Oxide in it like most non natural scrubs do - aluminum crystals -RRB- . Stearic acid causes cancer AT LOW LEVELS plus does damage to your nervous system , brain and can give you respiratory problems . They do n't say if the stearic acid comes from plant/coconut oil or animal fat . Because it does n't say ` from plant/coconut oil ' I 'm thinking it 's probably from animal fat . Plant / coconut oil is ok but stearic acid from animal fat is bad . Theres some other ingrediants in it like Silica and Phenoxyethanol that sound like they could be bad too but have n't looked them up yet.So even though I liked the scrub because of what it did for my face I 'm def not buying it again unless they give more info on the ingrediants . That 's why its getting 2 stars instead of 5 .
 This stuff feels like and smells like you 're rubbing crushed up Flintstones chewable vitamins on your face .
 when i read the reviews for this product i was excited . However , the product did absolutely nothing for me . It was a complete wasted effort .
 This product is ok . It has a nice smell , but I do n't see any difference in fine lines , dark spots , or skin softness . I think Neutrogena and Mary Kay sell a better product . Next time I will buy something else .
 I have always had great skin , hardly ever any breakouts or blemishes . When I was 28 , I became pregnant with my first child and suddenly I was like a 13 year old going through puberty . My skin was horribly broken out throughout my entire pregnancy . A few weeks after my daughter was born , I stopped getting new breakouts but I was left with terrible acne scars all over my face . I bought this product and used it twice a week for 4 or 5 months . There has been absolutely no change in my skin , I still have terrible scars . For me , this did not work at all .
 I loved this scrub the first time I used it . Nice fine crystals to polish the skin and left my face feeling super smooth . The second time I used it , I had some sort of allergic reaction and my face got hot/red/itchy . Needless to say I 've discontinued use ! You may have a better result though .
 Tried this product for 2 weeks ; it did improve the clarity and softness , but I found the product to be too scratchy and it did not rinse off well , seemed to have a sticky feel . Since then , I found a wonderful microdermabrasion product called Microdermx by Nikkel Holistic Skincare . This product performs like magic ; it is not too scratchy and I can do a whole microderm treatment and not end up feeling like I 've been slapped with a wire brush . I can do the treatment 2-3x 's a week , -LRB- like your supposed to -RRB- but I also use it each morning as a cleanser and everyday is better than the day before . It is a magical product.Bette Hampton , Chicago , IL
 I do n't like the feeling of my skin after using this product - I still feel like I have to rinse something off . And my cheap Japanese exfoliating cloth is better and more effective !
 I had initially used this product from the sample packs provided by my salon aesthetician . I had loved it then . Then I ordered the product from Amazon . And realised there is a big difference . The product in the sample packs was more granular which I wanted , while the one that I ordered was more creamy texture . I was very disappointed with the product .
 Save your money or find some other product . What a waste of money this is , the handle and frame are made of very lightweight plastic . When shaking off the duster , the handle separated from the paper refill . Strongly suggest you find another product to meet your dusting needs .
 I bought this for a family member and here is the thing ; did it work , yes WITH and only WITH the ROBI COMB -LRB- worth the money -RRB- now that thing is awesome . HOWEVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! My family member used this product , Licefree , and had a BAD allergic response . One of the inert ingredients is related to ragwweed , 75 % of all people with pollen allergies are at great risk . You can go into shock . It works , but if you have allergies , buy something else . God bless .
 I treated my daughter with this gel . I like that it is non toxic and the smell is fine . We put on the shower cap and left it in for 60 minutes . I combed her hair with the included comb for 2-3 hours.The next day the school office lice checker said she had a few nits , but she did n't see any live bugs . Therefore she was allowed in class.I went home and found out there was a lice salon called Lice knowing you in Beaverton , OR . They had an appointment opening that day , so I brought her in . They use there own non toxic stuff and the TERMINATOR comb . They did a `` wet '' check and found nits and small Live Bugs ! They treated her and then deemed her lice free . They check the whole family just in case someone is a carrier -LRB- does not itch -RRB- . It was expensive , but glad we did it.It is always possible I did n't use enough of the gel ?? Either way I combed a long time and she still had nits . I only tried it once . If the salon was not near us I probably would have done a second treatment with this stuff right after school knowing she still has a few nits ...
 I purchased Licefree Gel as a follow up treatment after we treated a week ago with Lice MD and Nix after a bad infestation , as it is recommended you treat about 9 days later to get any leftover newly hatched lice -LRB- nymphs -RRB- before they mature and can start a new infestation . My 5 year old daughter has waist length long hair , with curls at the ends . Licefree is a gel , the texture of a styling gel you might put on your hair . You apply it -LRB- it feels very cold to the skin at first and can sting for a few minutes -RRB- , you leave it on for at least an hour -LRB- a shower cap is included in the package -RRB- and then you are to come with the included metal comb to get the lice and nits out . It is supposed to suffocate and dry out the lice and their eggs . Many reviewers advise to leave it on longer or overnight . The problem with Licefree is that it can sting skin , feels very cold to your skin , and if the stinging were n't the dealbreaker here , the stickiness and impossibility of getting any comb , much less a nit comb , certainly is a dealbreaker . I was n't able to get the comb through 2 inches of my daughter 's hair before she started crying . After using the other treatments very easily , I knew this one was not working . I am hopeful that the gel at least dehydrated any leftover lice or nits without the combing . This product is less on Amazon , but more expensive at your local drug or grocery store so it is not cheap to experiement with . I wish I had never purchased it . This product might be good for boys , men or ladies with very very short hair that you could get a comb through , but not for anyone with hair longer than an inch in my opionion.Some alternative products we used and liked : Lice MD worked well . It is an oil that works in a similar way , and works GREAT for long hair . It immobilizes/suffocates live lice and makes any hair , regardless how coarse , long or curly , comb-able from root to end . It was the first thing we used , we only had to leave on 10 minutes , then combed through . I do recommend you get a metal comb as the included one is plastic , but either will work . It left her hair actually softer than when we started and worked wonders to get the lice gone and nits out.Nix
 I thought , sure , why not avoid the pestisides . It said to leave it in for an hour and I left it in for alot longer than that . It killed nothing and I 'm not even sure if it did do anything . Smells like licorice though.LovLiv
 i got this from a local store . It smelled nice but when combed my hair out , i found them moving and still alive . None of them died at all . I do n't think that this worked at all .
 I bought too quickly based on positive reviews and summary description . At least the two plastic shower caps and comb are useful . The so-called `` lice killing hair gel '' does n't . Read the full product description and it does disclose the active ingredient as a homeopathic `` naturally occurring mineral , Natrum muriaticum -LRB- Sodium Chloride , USP -RRB- '' . That 's table salt , folks . There 's no recognized research that suggests salt or saltwater as an effective treatment for head lice . Like mayonaise -LRB- seriously -RRB- and other folk remedies , this might kill a few of the critters , but Center for Disease Control does n't suggest it.For better results , see :[ ... -RSB-
 I was hoping it would have more texture and the shipping was more than the product . I was using it to remove makeup and exfoliate at the same time .
 I collect Zippo lighters . This lighter that I was sent , is NOT a genuine Zippo . First of all , upon opening it and as stated in another review , the lighter was in a plastic bag . Never have I EVER seen a genuine Zippo in a plastic bag . The orange safety sticker that shows that the lighter was sealed from the factory was on this bag . Another red flag . The box that it came in -LRB- the ` Zippo ' box -RRB- was totally wrong in size and markings and the bottom stamp was utterly wrong for an Armor Zippo . Do not buy this lighter if your want a GENUINE ARMOR ZIPPO .
 the `` zippo '' i got , if it truly even is a zippo was opened when i recieved it . the orange sticker that is supposed to be on the lighter was instead on a plastic bag that it was in . because this raised my suspicion , as soon as i opened the package , i took the insert out and compared the date on it with the date on the bottom , the date on the insert was d 07 -LRB- april 2007 -RRB- and the date on the case was c 07 -LRB- march 2007 -RRB- . this tells me that these pieces were not originally together ... on top of that , the sound that a zippo should make when opened -LRB- a high pitched echoey sound -RRB- was instead a dull thump . this makes me think that it may not even be real!the only reason i 'm giving it two stars is because it still looks sharp as hell .
 Lots of hype with this product . Not worth the purchase . The motor is n't that great , the product is ackward , and it is a pain to clean -LRB- too many nooks -RRB- . The bumps do n't do a thing for me .
 The mailing was excellent and arrived before the due date ; however , I was not happy with the product . It will scatch a hole in my back instead of scratching the hard to reach spots . It would cost me more to send the product back .
 Was so looking forward to this , but after using it all the areas I scratched developed a rash . I 've had bamboo back scratchers in the past and this has never happened so not sure if the finish on this is toxic or what .
 The shoe horn end of this back scratcher has a 4 '' split in it and in addition would have to be completely sanded to be useful . Every surface is covered with slivers . My old favorite , beautifully finished , bamboo back scratcher was lost in moving and I was hoping to get something at least near to that , but there is no comparison here . Too cheap to send back , but obviously , you get what you pay for .
 It 's not even what is pictured for one thing ... it has SPLINTERS for another , it is overpriced ... it is just an absolutely terrible product , I would avoid it .
 I do agree with some of the previous reviews . They could have made it a bit more `` scratchy '' . It is very smoothe , so it 's more a `` rubber '' than a scratcher . It 's OK though .
 This back scratcher is of poor quality . It only vaguely resembles the picture shown . I would gladly pay 3 times as much for a good quality back scratcher . This one was promptly returned .
 These can be bought at 3 for a dollar at nearly any discount store
 The product discription says it includes the head device , springs , and ratchets . The picture shows the whole device . But they are only selling the mount that goes above the door . They are deliborately false advertizing it so people buy it , but have a few places that say `` door mount only '' just to cover themselves . They should show a second picture of just the door mount , and delete the description and replace it with just `` door mount only for the traction device '' . I hope they will give me a refund . I 'll let you guys know if they refund the shipping , though I doubt it . I 'm probably out at least $ 11 in shipping .
 I purchased this based on the nutrients listed in the description & because I liked their other product . But I will be returning it unopened because the trace mineral blend -LRB- 252 mg -RRB- that includes -LRB- among other things -RRB-
 This Nature 's Way product like others says it 's standardized but when you get it , and look at its ingredients , only 300mg of it is standardized and the other 200mg of Hawthorn is n't . This is a very deceitful practice and I 'm finding that this is a common problem with so called standardized anything .
 I have extreme hypertension , and a friend of mine told me about Hawthorn extract . He told me it was widely used in Europe for hypertension and heart problems and was a safe alternative to medication . I have used medication in the past . It worked OK , but made me feel tired all the time . So I figured this would be worth a try . I have my own very accurate BP cuff that I use every day . I took this standardized formula for a little over a month . The results ? All it did was give me headaches , and had no , and I mean ZERO , NADA , ZIP & ZILCH effect on my blood pressure at all !!! In the past I also used garlic pills , with the same results . All this is just further confirmation that `` alternative medicine '' is a crock . I recently found a new doctor who has me on a beta blocker and dietetic , and lo and behold , my BP has come way down and is under control . No doubt the true believers will say I 'm either 1 . lying or 2 . I did n't do something right . OK , do n't believe me and waste your time and money . Order some of this junk for yourself and see what happens . But if you trust me enough to take my advice , find a good doctor and get some real , bona-fide effective treatment . Just my two cents .
 A note
 Does not live up to expectations . I used Tattoo Majik before this on the inside of my right arm ... SAME exact tattoo on the left inside ... on the right side ... NO scabbing at all ... the left side -LRB- H2Ocean -RRB- scabbed up ... I do not recommend this product !!!!
 I do n't have much confidence in this tattoo cream . It says it moisturizes , but maybe only when you 're putting it on . As the title says , I use this only because that 's what my tattoo artist says to use . As soon as the tat is healed well enough , I start using other brands of moisturizers .
 If you read any tattoo magazines , you may have seen this product advertised and assume it is a good -LRB- or AT LEAST decent -RRB- product . DO N'T BE FOOLED !! Immediately after I got my second tattoo done I went to the counter of the parlor and bought a tube of `` H2Ocean . '' After caring for my tattoo as I was told to by the artist AND using this cream exclusively , my tattoo didn ' theal properly AND I lost color . If you 're looking for a really good aftercare product , I would recommend A+D ointment -LRB- the one with brown and gold in the logo -RRB- . I used this one for my first tattoo and it came out EXCELLENT !! I got a third tattoo less than a week ago and have been trying `` Tattoo Goo '' original -LRB- green w / white background -RRB- . This smells GREAT , and comes in a small tin -LRB- this is a good thing if you do n't get a huge tatt -RRB- AND so far it seems to be working just as good as A+D -LRB- if not better -RRB- . Not to mention , mt tattoo feels less irritated the when I used A+D . H2OCEAN DOES N'T WORK !!
 read the ingredients , same stuff as the cheap lotion and it has a bad odor . i got ripped off , i paid over 10 bucks for some .99 cent lotion . never buy this again .
 These claims are not substantiated , just like the up and coming Xyngular . Do n't buy into this you waste your money , if you want to loose weight go ask your doctor about phentermine , it works , it is fda approved for weight loss . Xenical is annother weight loss product which your doctor can perscribe . There is a new drug being studied which is comprised of topiramate and phentermine , if approved this will really be helpfull for weight loss . And there is of course the old standby of gastric bypass -LRB- which has been shown to decrease diabetes type 2 by up to 83 % link -LSB- ... -RSB-
 $ 38 + shipping for a bottle of berry juice with UNPROVEN medicinal claims !!! Rip off!The unproven medicinal claims have been reported to the FDA .
 Received the bags in very bad shape . Carton torn and bags working their way out ! Wo n't but these on-line again .
 I 'm still expecting my first baby , but I did take the changing pad out last night to inspect it . Things I like :1 -RRB- the material is very soft2 -RRB- contour is nice and deep3 -RRB- hook and loop band is secureThings I do not like :1 -RRB- the cover has to be screwed into the dresser/changing table to secure it . That means you have to remove two wood screws every time you wash it . How many times can you do that before the holes are stripped ? If you make new holes each time , your furniture will be full of holes . I like the idea another reviewer had to purchase the buckles , but it seems like this could have been better designed2 -RRB- the hook part of the hook and loop band feels very scratchy , especially for a bare little belly . Maybe I 'll be able to pull it tight enough that that part wo n't touch my baby 's belly , but it would have made more sense to have the soft loop part be on the band .3 -RRB- it says that the cover is waterproof and that the foam insert is washable , but when do things ever come out of the wash the same shape they went in ? Sounds like trouble . I 'll opt for a vinyl/wipeable pad.So I will be returning this item for a different design.Update
 I put this on my baby registry for my first born . After having her home from the hospital for a month , I became very unhappy with this changing pad . My baby had very loose stools -LRB- from a strictly breast milk diet -RRB- and she soiled this pad close to every changing . I kept having to wash the cover . My girl friend recommended to me another changing pad on the babiesrus website called the `` Contoured Changing Pad '' that has a permanent plastic cover on it -LRB- that allows for a wipe clean surface -RRB- . I got one and found it to be worlds better than the E-Z pad . In fact I now have two of them , one for upstairs and one for down .
 I thought this would be okay for the changing table instead of buying a vinyl one and a cover too . WRONG ! I felt like the cover to this thing was always in the wash ! It was more of problem than a solution . And after washing several times a week it started to shrink , then I could n't get the pads back in the darn cover . And speaking of the pads , I could never get the ODORS out of it . I ended up buying the other changing pad , and a nice pink terry cover . I still wash this new one once a week , but I only have to spray and wipe the pad !! Easy & clean !
 I might as well have a piece of Scotch tape on my arm . All I can figure is maybe they stick you with this worthless product so you 'll buy the `` upgraded '' version after realizing that this one does NOTHING .
 This did absolutely nothing for me . I tried it for 2 weeks . I did not feel different or have less of an appetite . Waste of money !
 This product did absolutely nothing . No change in energy , appetite , I went back a couple times in the few days I used it to see if I was doing something wrong . I guess a product with no warning or instructions should be expected to have next to no impact . AWEFUL purchase .
 I bought and used this product for about 6 months , every day , and I got sick anyway . I am a very healthy person , I eat right and do n't smoke or drink , and I bought this product because of it 's natural ingredients and with hopes of keeping me from getting the yearly flu/cold , as some have posted ... well , I 'm sorry to say that it did not work for me . I had high hopes that it would .
 These have incredibly low power . They really do not do the job . I bought them for a baby swing set , and they do n't even last the day . Definitely not worth the money .
 Very Low power in these NiCd 's ... only 350mAh . Unless you need to use NiCd 's , I recommend you get some NiMh 's , they have power ratings over 1000mAh 's .
 bought these batteries as replacement parts for solar patio lights ... the original batteries in the lights lasted us about 2 years ... these did n't even last a month : -LRB-
 This may work in low drawing things but was not able to keep up with a portable scanner . I had to purchase some that were 2700mAh . They worked well .
 They did not work at all in my camera , so I picked up some chinese ones and they work a million times better .
 The larger the battery , the higher the capacity should be , otherwise what would be the point of using big , heavy batteries ? I 've seen AA batteries with almost twice the capacity as these C cells . 5000mAh is standard these days for C cells , not 1600 ...
 These rechargeable `` D '' batteries were purchased May 29 , 2008 for use in a weather radio . Three times the batteries lasted 2-3 days before recharging.Going back to the `` Product Description '' I noted the capacity was 3000 mAh which is about the capacity of `` AA '' alkaline batteries.Went back to Amazon to search for other rechargeable `` D '' batteries . Found AccuEvolution batteries which were 10,000 mAh . Purchased these batteries on JUNE 18TH and installed in my weather radio . These are still on the first charge after 8 days.I returned the `` Again and Again '' batteries to Amazon for refund . As I had to open the package to try the batteries , hope Amazon will refund the $ 30.86 cost .
 im sorry but it is way smaller than what it looks like in the photo . when it arrived it was very sloppy the wrapping was torn , everything was opened and everywhere in the box . i will not be purchasing from this seller again .
 It seemed to be well built but after I installed it and opened the door a few times the seams where it was put together seperated.It was poorly joined together . I repaired it with some small screws .
 We purchased the Ironaway A42 for our new home construction . It was the most disappointing purchase to date . It is extremely difficult to operate and the mechanism to hold the iron in place is flimsy . The mirror on the door is nice and good quality . The light is n't really helpful and the timer for the iron is very low tech . I would not recommend the product and the price is steep .
 i thought i 'd try it but I guess I 'm allergic . I got huge blisters on the bottom of my feet . Threw it away . ehh ... you just never know .
 The Neru Patch is the 2nd type of detox foot pad I have tried . I loved the first ones -LRB- not sold on Amazon -RRB- , but they were expensive . I opted for Neru because they seemed to have the same ingredients as all the others . Plus , I figured I 'd start with the cheapest . This is a case of getting what you pay for . The patches did n't turn black they were brownish not unlike apple cider vinegar , which they smell of.I bought 3 packs -LRB- one for myself and each of my sisters -RRB- . My sisters have never used patches or any detoxification and the patches still were light brown not black . It did n't work on any swelling or leg pain for any of us . We all had to use tape a couple of times to get a few patches to stick . My sleep was not positively effected . They just do n't work . Do yourself a favor and try another type .
 Unfortunately If anything I went backwards with these pads , I woke up and my feet hurt more.I have tried them twice and had the same results , all I can tell you is they do n't work for me .
 SAM-e quality is dependent upon the concentration of the SAM-e -LRB- S , S -RRB- diastereomer . In order to test the quality of NatureMade product , we sampled Lot # QB11325 on a major university 's Brucker 400 MHz NMR taking the average of 3 samples . We found that NatureMade 's product contained only 61.79 % of -LRB- S , S -RRB- SAM diastereomer and 38.21 % of a potentially harmful -LRB- R , S -RRB- SAM-e diastereomer . -LRB- This -LRB- R , S -RRB- diasteromer actually inhibits the exact reactions for which one would want to take the SAM-e . -RRB- Repeated contacts with the company asking them to explain the poor quality of their product gave absolutely no results . So , a high price for a very , very poor quality product indeed.New FDA laws require that the manufacturer state the purity of the product so the consumer can make an intelligent choice . NatureMade has never stated the purity -LRB- as defined by FDA law -RRB- of its product on the box or on its website.I think this product needs to be renamed SAM-e 61 % complete , 39 % incomplete . The company will not give the consumer a good quality product because it hopes the consumer wo n't notice that 39 % of each SAM-e Complete pill is comprised of an impurity.If someone were selling wine containing 39 % water , I would suspect that consumers would be up in arms . This SAM-e complete is 39 % impurity . Buyer beware
 I took 100 mg -LRB- half of a 200 mg pill -RRB- of SAM-E three weeks ago , only once , and then discontinued it . Now , I am still having disturbed sleep.The brand I used was Nature Made.I would advise anyone to be very careful with SAM-E , and beware of lingering side effects even after stopping it .
 Product is long enough with sturdy handle but bristles are soft and shed during use .
 Bought these for my dog after reading about many people having great results with dogs with heart issues or bleeding . My dog had a violent seizure !! These capsules may cause clotting . Do not give to a dog with heart problems . It almost killed my dog .
 this lavender does n't smell right , ended up making my tummy ache instead of being relaxing , will not be using it
 Bags are strong enough but are slightly too small for compactor . Causes bag to collapse every time you use it .
 i only received 1 of the 2 bottles i ordered . . i told them and still never received it . Item smells good but scent does not last that long . In Hawaii we used a spray pikake cologne that seemed to last much longer even though this is an oil essence and should stay much longer . Item only fair - thick and greasy - better to use on light bulbs for a room essence i think - than a body essence .
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE the scent of this but rarely wear it because it does n't last longer than an hour .
 This item is advertised as being in stock ... IT IS NOT . I ordered based on this information and was contacted by the seller and informed that it was backordered ... that 's fine ... happens all the time ... but change the availability to ` not in stock ' so others do n't order based on this false availability .
 It does n't work well for me , because after take one i felt a terrible headache and neckache .
 I purchased Cocobiotic partly because it 's hyped repeatedly in the promoter 's book Body Ecology Diet . I also bought it based on the four glowing reviews I read here . The truth ? It tastes interesting , a bit like champagne but without the buzz . But the claims of flattening your stomach are n't true.Now I 'm a thin person and in great physical shape , have always had a flat stomach until I developed an advanced case of candidiasis a year ago and nothing has been able to bring it all the way down to what it was . Not diet , not colonics , not even doing more stomach crunches . The distension can be very uncomfortable and although I 'm following a strict candida diet -LRB- based on the advice in the BED -RRB- , which is helping somewhat , I had hoped that this , what is almost being touted as a `` miracle cure '' would do the trick . It did n't . And it does not seem to be any better than taking probiotics or drinking regular kefir.So why the steep price ? $ 44 for 42 ounces of this stuff is highway robbery . I have seen this for $ 26 elsewhere on the web but even that 's too much . But hey , do n't take my word for it , buy it if you want to believe the hype and see for yourself . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 just recieved and smells like a dead cat :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- i thought its normal and tasted 1 tabletstill got terrible stomach ache and do n't know what to doanyone had the same problem?i live in Georgia -LRB- Europe -RRB- and have problem to return itemvery disappointed
 Twinlab manufactures excellent health/bodybuilding supplements but these aminos are just WAY too large to be considered safe . I would not recommend these horse-pills to anyone . I do take Twinlab amino acid tablets but only the `` Amino 1000 '' variety since they are much smaller than the `` Amino 2000 '' variety . Ralph Nader could write a book about these pills . WARNING
 Well , these pills are huge ! Probably twice as bigger as Centrum
 This is not for me . Everyones is different , this product is good i gained noticeable muscle the months that i used it . BUT the reason why am giving it ONE start is because it gave me some problems . Low sex drive . Everyone is different but if you use it and you start having problems on bed , this product is the reason . As i said everyone is different , this product is not for me.USE IT OR YOU LOSE IT-All the muscle the gain while using this product disappeared after a week that I stop using it .
 i used it for about a monthand it didnt work at allnoticed nothing
 I 've been lifting for about 8 years now and I 'm 6 ' 1 , about 240 lbs with 18 '' arms and a 49 '' chest . I 'm telling you this as I 've gotten to the point where I 've plateaued in my lifting and I was looking for a way to get beyond the plateau . With that out of the way , I 'm not sold on this product at all and I did n't notice any change what so ever when taking these pills . So after taking them for about two months , my conclusion is they do not work for me . Also , pretty much all the amino acids in these pills are available in most protein shakes and the protein shakes offer more in the way of protein .
 I 've been using this product , as directed , for one month.I have to say that the pill size is just too big , and the price of these pills just is n't practical because the quantity does n't last due to the amount you have to take each day.I have n't seen any respectable gains and am just not satisfied with the results of taking this product . I think I 'll just stick to my Pro-5 Protein Powder , liquid creatine , and a phytonutrient supplement ; combined with a heathly diet and exercise . That has always seemed to work the best for me ! Thanks for reading .
 This product is not for me . The pill was huge hard to swallow . You have to take several pills a day which 250 tablets does not last long .
 The size of this tablet is more than twice that of a centrum multivitamin . I have never had trouble swallowing pills before but I nearly choked to death trying to swallow one of these . Stick with the 1000mg ones or get the liquid like I did .
 I have been using this gel for over three months with little to no change to my acne scars . In defense of the product , I have only been applying once a day instead of it 's recommended twice a day . Also , it says to consistently apply for 3 to 6 months so i will continue and am going to up the applications to twice a day . Will update the review ...
 I recently had back surgery which left me with a large scar on my back . I tried silicon bandages at first but it was hard to apply them on my back by myself . I found this gel and gave it a try . I applied it generously following directions 4 or 5 times every day for 9 weeks and the scar was only 2 weeks old when I started . Absolutely no difference from 9 weeks ago . I 'd give it 1 star but at least the gel makes massaging the area easier which eases some discomfort .
 I can not eat soybean oil or other soy products . I reviewed several online products , and this one did not mention soybean in the ingredients at least that I saw . But in fact , when it arrived and I read all of the ingredients it did in fact contain soybean . So I had to mail it back . I wish I could obtain a CoQ10 product without soybean.Pat Gladden
 I ordered this product after carefully reviewing many products because I am allergic to soy . This one clearly states , `` Contains no yeast , wheat , corn , milk , egg , soy , glutens , or sugar '' , but when I received it the first of the ` other ' ingredients is Soybean Oil . I did n't give it one star because I could n't try it and rightfully say I hated it , I just do n't like the fact of the soy . For others it probably is a great deal .
 The ad for these CoQ10 softgels specifically says that they are soy free , which is why I putchased them . Unfortunately , it was only after getting them , opening them that I read the label which says they have soy as an ingredient . For someone who can not have soy , this was a true eye opener . Never , ever go by what you read about a product listed on Amazon . Make sure to check the label .
 When I opened the box , before even taking it out of the plastic the smell hit me , it 's a disgusting stench coming off of this thing . Just touching it got the smell on me as well , I am throwing this thing in the washer as soon as I finish writing this.It 's also not all that comfortable to sit on , but it 's better than nothing I guess .
 This pillow was completely useless . The foam was so lightweight , that once i sat on it , it collapsed into a flat pancake . Offered no support whatsoever . I 've had much better luck with the hard foam pillows . Luckily i was able to quickly return this item and get a full refund . Avoid it . It 's worthless !
 This is a latex ring covered by a very cheap fabric . It 's fairly comfortable , however I do n't see it holding up very long .
 The cushion is not steardy enough and when you sit down you can hardly tell the difference .
 This product was ok . In my experience with it if i was in need of the pillow I probably just should sit somewhere else . It made some of those moments that I absolutely had to use a pillow a little better but not a whole lot there probably is a better product out there if you need a pillow over a long period of time . I probably would n't buy this particular pillow again if I were to do it all over again to save a little bit of the pain instead of the 10 or so dollars that I saved instead .
 If use on a chair , the chair back pushes the &#34; doughnut &#34; hole on this cushion sits under your legs , not your tailbone . The cushion has a very hard ridge around the entire bottom so it will not conform to the contour of your chair . It actually made my sciatica and vertebral compression worse . Maybe if used as a flat backless bench cushion it would be okay . I had to return it !
 This cushion feels and looks smaller than the description . The ` cut out ' section is so small that the ring puts pressure just where you do not want it . I returned it for the 18 '' ring which just barely works . I 'm only 100 pounds but my sciatica and cocyx pain require a pillow that will keep the pressure off !
 I am pretty shocked to find that this product has so many positive stars . I usually use Hagerty Silver Cleaner but they did not have it in stock so I opted for TarnX . I was cleaning a silver bowl and the smell was so bad I could n't handle it . It stunk up my ENTIRE house like rotten eggs . I am going to return this immediately and would highly advice against purchasing this product . If you do decide to give it a try keep your receipt as they have a 100 % money back guarantee .
 Basically what the title says and its does not burn like everyone is making it out to be . . There is a slight burn , but nothing you cant get over after a couple seconds . I might try the top one , the artics is what there are called . . Maybe the ice are to weak for me . .
 I got this as a free sample and I dont know why they would make it burn so much when you put them in . I didnt see or feel a difference compares to drops from like Visine . I rather not feel it burn when you put them in .
 I wish I read these reviews before mistakenly trying this eyedrop . I 've been using `` cool '' eyedrops for years for comforting eyes in the morning and after Internet surfing . Last month , I bought Rohto Ice from a store of Japanese goods near Santa Monica . In first use , I could n't believe this was an eyedrop ; one drop made me feel as if a wrong chemical into my eye . This eyedrop was very irritating , spicy , causing tears and blurred vision for 20 minutes . I thought it might be just the first time . After few more trials , I got the same problem . Therefore I stopped use Rohto Ice and began searching online why . I found more victims . I suggest Rohto refund suffered customers .
 It burns your eyes ! PLEASE do not buy this . Buy Rohto Cool instead , because Ice is horrible . I just if I had to give it some small shred of credit , it does get rid of redness . But the pain is NOT worth it . Rohto Cool is gentle , gets rid of the red , and feels so great that you actually want to keep putting more in your eyes . Stay away from Rohto Ice !
 I just tried this Rohto stuff because when I 'm not wearing my contacts , my eyes feel very dry , itchy , and are red . So I just took my contacts out , waited a few minutes , and put a drop of Rohto in one eye and I 've been crying and wishing I could tear my eye out ever since . The pain !!! It said not to use when wearing contacts , but apparently contact users should n't use it even after the contacts are out . There 's no cooling here , ALL PAIN .
 i wish i cold give negative stars . this is my first review ever . i 'm not sure if i have ever felt this strongly about a product before.i was worried maybe i had a contaminated package , but apparently blinding pain is a common side effect of these eye drops . it feels like you have squirted menthol-jalepeno juice into directly into your eye . my eyes immediately starting watering uncontrollably . it reminded me of back in the day when you had multiple contact solutions , and if you forgot to put a neutralizing enzyme in or used the red tipped cleaning solution bottle -LRB- that looked identical to the re-wetting drop bottle -RRB- your eyes felt like they were awash with acid.granted the intense burning/blinding pain eventually dissipates , but still ...
 Unless you just like the thrill of pain and like people laughing at you for being stupid enough for sticking stuff like this in your eyes ... . DO N'T BUY THIS.This is for kids who get off on burning , stinging pain . It is like putting Vicks in your eyes . There is no relief at all . Even after the burn is gone . I think the burn hurts so bad that after it quits burning , `` YOU THINK '' you have relief . Think about it before you buy this .
 To fully assess whether you are UP to the challenge of using this product , prior to purchase , simply use an ordinary potato peeler , gouge either eye a bit , insert one Hall 's menthol eucalyptus cough drop into eye and enjoy the RELIEF ! Simply the worst ocular burning sensation ever .
 My first clue about this product should have been my wife 's asking me to put it in my eye without telling me why , the second clue should have been the fact that she looked like she 'd been watching a really , really sad movie . Disregarding these warning signs , I tried Rohto V Ice and felt a burn that would have made the devil jealous . As my right eye watered from the burning sensation , the left eye began watering from the realization that we spent $ 7 on what amounts to 0.4 OZ of jalapeno juice . I wish we would 've seen some of these reviews before this purchase , please buy and try this stuff carefully ... it 's still burning .
 I used Rohto-V Cool -LRB- green version -RRB- for about 3 months and decided that since that product was absolutely amazing , I figured Ice would give me a cooler sensation . I bought them and dropped them in my eyes just like normal , and the burn brought me to tears . I guess that 's how these eye drops work , they are n't artificial tears , hehe , no sir , they create real ones . `` Soothes burn '' ? Yeah right , it creates an intensified burn that will make you wonder if a good fork will help cool it off . I tried them again later that night to see if my eyes just needed to get used to them , same agonizing burn . When I woke up , my eyes were extremely puffy and teary and still burned . I tried them again a few days later , and still , major burn . I used Rohto-V Cool to soothe it , kinda funny . The bottle is in a trash truck on it 's way to the Atlantic Ocean by now , and I will never use Rohto-V Ice again . If you wan na see a tough man crying , tell him these are steroid drops , and you 'll see a big man in tears .
 I am a huge fan of Rhoto Cool so I decided to try Rhoto Ice ... Big mistake ! I have never experienced such extreme pain in my eye . One drop and my eye was burning and tearing for twenty minutes . Lord forbid if I had tried to use it while driving , I may have had an accident . I had to put a cup with cool purified water up to my eye and blink for several minutes to feel any sort of relief from the pain of Rhoto Ice . I do not suggest that anyone use this product .
 I have very dry eyes and they stay red all the time . I usually just used the Visine brands but the packaging caught my eye on this one . I 've used it about 5-6 times and EVERY time I get this burning , stinging sensation in my eyes , could n't force my eyes open with a crow bar and the urge to rub my eyes constantly -LRB- of course i coudl n't resist that urge and think i did more harm to the skin around my eyes from all the rubbing ! -RRB- I dont know if that is what the reaction is supposed to be , but its very uncomfortable . I have read many GREAT reviews about the Rohto Cool , I may take a chance and give it a try but the Rohoto V ICE is going in the TRASH TODAY !!! Right now matter of fact . I highly recommend to STEER CLEAR OF THIS PRODUCT !
 I thought my eye was on fire when I used these eye drops . I ca n't believe that I wasted money on them . . they are horrible !!!
 I purchased a bottle 100 Vcaps , and the vitamin E was in the form of d-alpha tocopherol succinate , a pure ALPHA form and NOT the much superior mixed forms of vitamin E . The various products listed here are NOT all the same.Look at the zoomed labels for each before you buy . I am a college professor who teaches an upper level nutrition course , and I PERSONALLY feel the evidence to date suggests that the only the MIXED should be used as a supplement . The Dr. Weil brand is one such product , as are SOME of these options on this page . Order with care ! Amazon , check into this .
 I 've only been using this off and on for two weeks so it seems to be doing okay . I will update it as I try it more consistently and for a longer period of time.EDIT
 My dentist highly recommended this toothbrush to massage my gums . It took some getting used to because of the high-speed vibrations that tickle the gums . My teeth felt smooth after use , just like getting a cleaning at the dentist 's office.I set it aside after a year or two . Recently I decided to use it again after several years . It would not take a charge . I decided the batteries might need replacement and found a site on the Internet that explained how to dismantle the unit and replace the batteries . This unit is not designed for home or factory service . The parts and the batteries are anchored in epoxy at the factory . Considering that nickel-cadmium batteries last less than four or five years , this unit is fairly expensive , especially at the price I paid.Changing the batteries is a time consuming effort . Even after finishing the job , the toothbrush will not work . It is an expensive throwaway .
 I bought the -LRB- 3 -RRB- set . The theme is very simular . I listen to the CDs daily but not getting the changes I expected .
 I bought this for my boyfriend because he likes to take herbal suppliments . He has a stress problem and I thought this might help . The first day he tried it he came home in the worst mood ever . He never is like that . Becareful , may have opposite effect !
 I 'm pretty sure the bottle did n't have 90 capsules . I ran out before the 30-day mark , so I ca n't really say if it works .
 It was a big mistake to buy this product ! I have not seen any benefit ! well after reading again what it needs to do may be it was not right thing to expect all those things !
 I took some form or another of Nature 's Way St. John 's Wort for over a year . It was very effective for helping to treat the ongoing dysthymia/depression I suffered after some major life changes . However , if one is at all prone to hair loss , avoid this product . I once had very thick hair , but it has been thinning on top for the past year . It started about a month after I began using this product . I assumed it was another bout of telogen effluvium -LRB- something I experienced after losing 50 pounds -RRB- , but it had continually gotten worse . I did some research , and discovered that St. John 's Wort has been shown to cause hair loss . Sadly , my hair is an absolute mess compared to what it used to be . I 'm now on biotin , silica , and lots of protein treatments to help protect what I still have . Hopefully , my hair will start growing back in soon.Update 1/23/13 : Happily , my hair is growing back ! Woohoo ! At least the loss is reversible .
 i prefer to finish my work in my mouth and make my man happy
 I have been buying the panasonic trimmer for several years until the last one i bought did not cut closely enough . when i complained to panasonic i got my answer ... they changed the design and reduced the closeness of the cut because of complaints from some customers . So whether you buy an original trimmer or their replacement head they are the same ... they just do n't cut close . So I gave up on Panasonic for this item .
 I forced myself to drink this for a week and that was all I could take . Gagged as I was drinking it even when mixed with juices . The odor is actually like something dead . Could not recommend this .
 Noni 100 - 100 % Pure Noni Juice - By Genesis Today - 32oz BottleI bought 6 bottles because you got one free at the time . Genesis should tell the public that Noni is nicknamed ` The vomit fruit ' . There is a reason for that . My husband wo n't even help me choke down the other five bottles . I would only buy one bottle first to see if you can stand the taste . The company is n't the problem , fast delivery , nothing broken . The product tastes like a dead thing smells !
 I thought I was getting such a great deal for this two pack until I went to Walmart today and found that each 200 oz . bottle of Baby All is $ 9.95 . I thought Amazon would be the lowest price since I always purchase items from this website , but it is not the best deal . With free shipping it is overpriced by about $ 8.00 , which is almost the cost of another 200 oz . bottle . With shipping it would be overpriced by about $ 35.00 - the cost of 3 200 oz . bottles . I will purchase at Walmart from now on .
 Like many other reviewers , I discovered this detergent when I had my first child and wanted a Dreft alternative . My husband and I loved the smell so much that we kept using it all the way through the birth of our second child four years later . I just ordered the 2-pack from amazon -LRB- since none of my local retailers carry it -RRB- . I had ordered from amazon before and was very pleased . Unfortunately , it appears that All has changed the formula and now it smells truly awful - that horrible `` baby powder '' scent that they put in so many baby products but which we avoid like the plague . I 'm going to write to the folks at All and let them know how disappointed I am , but I just wanted to post a warning for folks who have bought it before because of the smell - it 's not the same product anymore .
 That is how long this exerciser lasted.The plastic part where you screw the pedals into wore out , thus leaving the machine unusable.Go for the extra money and buy yourself a regular exercise bike , or go cheaper and buy the little aluminum ones for fifteen or twenty dollars ; it wo n't hurt as much when they break .
 Kept slipping off table edge . The foam gripper does n't grip very well . Found the `` CaneStay '' device that works much better .
 Too Weak to hold my heavier cane . Will not open enough for a larger diameter . Sildes up to the top of the cane . Surface to hold cane on table not very sticky .
 Does n't balance like they make you think , only way it stays is if the cane tip is touching the ground . .
 It 's a wonderful idea and it might work on something VERY narrow -LRB- about 1/2 &#34; around -RRB- , however it does not work on any of my canes . The circle is too small . . it only reaches about half way around and that is n't enough to &#34; grip &#34; the cane . It keeps falling off .
 Sodium Lauryl Sarcosinate does n't seem safe once I looked into it . I really wanted to try it out too . I think Auromere is better , although it has laural sulfate and its last ingredient is anethol . Kiss my face was ok , it just has tree oil which I did n't like
 I thought this would be made of something sturdier than velcro . It pops undone constantly . If you have to bend down even slightly , off the velcro pings . Going out in it is a chore because it comes undone again and again under your clothes . Such a shame , I really wanted it to relived my back ache and I 'm sure it would if it was better quality and did n't come undone every 5 minutes .
 The belt was n't too uncomfortable , but it definitely did n't help me . Every time I had it on I think our little baby girl was n't comfortable and kept moving , which made me even more uncomfortable . It got me wondering if it would change her from a good head down position to another .
 This is three different pieces that all velcro together , it is n't quick or easy to put on . It did however help prevent back pain while I was packing and unpacking my home during a move at 7 months pregnant .
 Used this tea as directed , Drank several cups during the day . Had the worse tummy ache ever that night . Beware .
 Smells like liquorish , kind of gross , should have expected that . We tried it once and that was the end of that .
 I do n't like the taste of this tea , and it was n't as helpful for digestive symptoms as I would have hoped . Trader Joe 's makes a cheaper -LRB- but still very high quality -RRB- organic tea with fennel that tastes better .
 I do n't usually leave low ratings on items , but I was really disappointed with the taste of this tea . It smells really great , but the taste of the brewed tea is really bland , and does not correlate with the aroma of the tea bags in the box . I love fennel tea , and usually buy mine overseas . When I ran out , I purchased this product instead . Sadly disappointing .
 Not working becaus I can not stand to drink it . Taste so gross . I even tried to put another tea bag in with to cover taste . Did n't work
 These are larege tea bags , with about twice as much in them as in Alvita or Seelect fennel tea bags . When I brewed up a cup according to the instructions , it was just too strong for my taste . Maybe you like your tea strong or need it that way for your condition . After trying it several times , I concluded it was just too much for me and went back to other brands . They leave me feeling much better than this does . For those who would need or enjoy it , I 'm sure it would be very good .
 I really did n't like the taste of this tea . I am not sure it did anything for my stomach troubles either . I had read the reviews with folks saying the taste was off putting , but I was desperate for relief . So I tried it and lesson learned . I should really pay attention to other reviewers !
 Just threw this away after looking at it for almost 2 years leaned up against the wall in the spare bedroom . It stopped working after the 1st use and I just never got around to returning it . Not like me but hey , life gets busy . Glad I did n't try to return it to Homedics because I 'm now going through aggravation from hell with another Homedics product . This one is an inversion massaging chair I bought on HSN . It arrived with one arm refusing to lock . Thinking it would be easier to return the arm to Homedics than the whole chair to HSN , I called that stellar company . The woman representative was glad to replace the arm if I paid for shipping it to them . When I asked why I should pay to ship back a defective part of a chair I had owned for 2 days , she said that HSN should not have sold me a defective product . Does she really think it 's HSN 's responsibility to open and check every box and not Homedics ' responsibility to ship out working products ? When I insisted that I should not have to pay for shipping , she hung up on me . She did send out a return tag . UPS delivered the arm on Dec. 10 . Homedics says they have not received it but I finally got a guy on the phone who said he would send out the replacement arm without waiting for the defective return to be processed . Of course I have n't received it . Never again Homedics . Sorry Amazon , almost everything I have bought from you has been great but Homedics products are inferior and their customer service is amazingly horrific .
 I was not really happy with this . I have the smaller pillow version so I was hopeful about this bigger one . I didnt realize the knobs dont heat up . Also they travel up and down the spine but there is no way to stop them in one spot so you really just get a light superficial massage . The smaller pillow version which has heat is much better . You can focus the massage in any spot .
 How could any of you buy ` Super ' B complex at this high price , low dosage and give it 5 stars ? When I bought this product in a rush at a store , and compared them with my `` Balanced B-100 Complex '' at home I was in shock . My ` balanced ' vitamins cost me $ 1 per bottle/50 tabs . That would equate to $ 6 compared to this bottle by Nature Made . I got mine at Vitamin World , they have a ` basket ' of all vitamins on sale with expiration as far as 2012 for $ 1 for most of the bottles in the basket , and smart people instead buy overpriced vitamins from shelves , I never know why . Anyway , comparing both , my has B1-100mg , B2-100mg , Niacin 100mg , B6-100mg , Folic Acid-400mcg , B12-100mcg , Biotin-100mcg , Pantothenic acid-100mg . ALL for $ 1 per 50 pills in a bottle ! Nature Made puts so little B6 , a VERY important cardio health vitamin , that I am ashamed to look at Nature Made bottle . What scam is that ?! Robbing people of health and money .
 Ordered these on August 16 . Took the free shipping . The pills seem fine , as I took my first today -LRB- 10-17-2012 -RRB- . I had some left from a different company so I used them first . After taking my first Nature Made Super Vitamin B Complex this morning , I was looking at the ingredients . Then I noticed that the expiration date for my bottle was October 2012 . I thought what ? I rubbed my eyes and the date was the same . So there it is -- Amazon sold me a bottle of 360 -LRB- not 300 as the info states on the site -RRB- and they would expire in 60 days ! Not at all acceptable . It was old stock that should have been discarded . That is not how you treat loyal customers . Going to contact Amazon just to let them know .
 I expected Homedics BL-200 Jet Spa Footbath to be durable and at least last for about 4 years.I sent this as a gift to my closest friend . However , it started leaking by the second use . My friend did n't tell me for the fear of hurting my feelings . I found out during my visit though . I felt bad 'cause the return date has expired . I have lost confidence in this brand . I have other brands that I and my mother are using over 3 years now . They are still in good shape.So beware customers do n't go for this brand .
 This item is not what you think . From the take I got on it by reading and looking at the picture , I thought it was rotating attatchments , but it 's not . I did n't want to do the work myself . It does n't have heat . I also was not impressed with the bubble action . It was n't to massaging . And it 's a little messy , water spills out the back by your heals . I 'm gon na keep it because I 'm too lazy to return it Plus I already used it to try it out so I do n't think I can anyway .
 I must have gotten another reviewer 's -LRB- S. Chinn -RRB- returned footbath as mine leaked all over the floor within one minute of having added water to it . It was leaking out of one of the slots near the back . I 'm so disappointed . I never even got to use it . Back it will go . I 'm getting another brand .
 It 's ridiculous how hard it is to find a bucket big enough to hold my feet . I was assuming the bubbles and jets would be nonsense on this thing , but i DID expect it to hold water . My mistake . LOOK ELSEWHERE .
 On the first use this thing leaked all over my clean carpet . No really , I had it steam cleaned not 3 months ago . How is it possible that a foot bath can leak ? I do n't know . There are two slots on the bottom and water was pouring out of one of them . I would have paid to not buy this .
 I purchased this product to treat my feet . I had intended to use it for an Epson Salt foot bath.I did not notice any notations on product ad on your display ad . After receiving the product , I went to HoMedics web site to registerthe product , I decided to check for more information as to usng the product . I found that you can not use Epson Saltin this product . It causes corrosion of the jets . Only certain kinds of oils can be used.Had I have known this I would not have purchased this product .
 I should have taken heed at the other 's who gave this unit a poor rating . This thing isnt worth your time , effort and certainly not your MONEY . `` DOUBLE BUBBLES ?? '' I 'd like to know where . I couldnt even feel the bubbles on the bottoms of my feet ... and `` JETS '' ? ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? Those tiny useless streams ? `` HEAT '' . What Heat ... It doesnt even keep the hot water I put in luke warm after 5 minutes , and `` QUIET ? '' They have to be out of their minds . I had the TV volume turned up almost all the way ... sounded like a jet engine at take off.This baby is in the box and going back as fast as I can get it into the post office . I really was disappointed ... but I guess you buy cheap , you get cheap .
 I have yet to find a footbath that does what it says its suppose to do . This product is below satisfaction . I fill the footbath with hot water and within ten minutes the water is ice cold . I then have to pour it out and refill it again with hot water and again it turns cold within minutes . This happens with the heat button turned on .
 The unit does not keep the water hot for even five minutes . I 'm taking mine back .
 Homedics BL-300 JetSpa FootbathThis product is defective !! On the bottom of the tub there are two holes which water flows out!I would not recommend this item to anyone !!!!!! I am disapointed with homedics !! I would rate it less than one star !!! It 's a waste of money !!! It 's best to pay a bit more for quality rather than name brand !!! '' `` AGAIN , DO NOT BUY THE HOMEDICS BL-300 FOOT SPA '' ''
 I got this for Christmas and after I added water I pressed the heat button ... no heat . The second time I pressed it the bubbles stopped as well , and to top it off it started leaking all over the floor .
 This massager is very comfy to lay on , but the `` massaging ? '' vibration was really weak , even on `` hi '' setting . I could barely even feel it . I am very disappointed with this product .
 This item is short in length , the hand control is lacking many feature of the Homedics BMS-10 , lacks heat , vibration is almost completely dissipated in the SQUSH and padding , and there is no cross stiching so the SQUSH falls to the bottom of the channel if used in a chair -LRB- upright position -RRB- . IF ANYONE KNOWS WHERE WE CAN FIND THE HOMEDICS MODEL BMS-10H please email us at mgrw@c2i2.com . If their was a zero that is what this product deserves in comparison to all of the other product of this type we have used over the last 15 years . Mike & Genny
 If you have back problems do not buy this product . Homedics makes better massager mats than this one . HoMedics MMSQ-100 is lumpy and uncomfortable . I felt worse after using it . My husband used it a few times and it started to spark , so we threw it away . We 've had much better luck with their massager chair and other massager mats .
 This mat is really ineffective . You dont feel any massage , its just vibration which is distributed among the various zones . When all zones are active , the power and intensity is distributed . . Its USELESS . . It arrived without the mentioned contents - the pillow was missing . .
 I 've used &#34; plain &#34; lysine a great deal . It did not produce gas . This product caused problematic gas , perhaps due to the non-lysine nutrients added .
 I have taken Lysine before & have had no trouble . But , the odor from these were too much & I gave up and threw them out .
 I loves me some garlic , in fact I consider it a food group , but it 's not appealing in this product . Three tablets are needed for the labeled amount of lysine -- consider that when comparing prices to other formulations . Even when I swallow quickly the stale dried garlic taste and smell lingers .
 I read A. Bailey 's review , and the exact same thing happened to me ! I love the product , but was completely surprised with the quick mechanical disfunctionings from such a reputable company . Perhaps it is not a Homedics issue , but a vendor issue . Is it possible the vendor knew he/she was selling a defective product ? It is sad that we -LRB- A. Bailey & I -RRB- have to pay for shipping and repair on an item that we thought was new . Hopefully Amazon will take these reviews into consideration and come up with better ways to insure their vendors are truly reputable . My rating of 1 is not for the product , but for my experience after purchasing the product -LRB- breakdown out of the box , additional money out of pocket , etc. -RRB- .
 Got this for Christmas 2005 . Mine as others have said was also purchased at Costco -LRB- San Diego -RRB- and stopped working after one day . Best massage chair ever -LRB- for one day -RRB- . Would n't even power up after four or five uses . Took it back to Costco for a refund and they had five other returns that day . Costco has pulled the inventory and would n't tell me if there would be any more . Very bumbed . Best massage cushion ever .
 Ours also worked very well for about 10 minutes . Then , with nobody running the controls or even around it , it started running again . Perhaps our house is haunted and a ghost wanted a massage ? I do n't trust it .
 Although I read the previous reviews which commented on the cushion 's tendency to break down , I too , wanted to believe the best . I had tried the SBM-200 model in a store and loved it but when I heard the 300 version provided spot and width controls I thought that would be the better gift . Of the 7 times that the cushion was used since Christmas -LRB- two days -RRB- , it was a hit . As my mother said , the best Christmas gift . But then the machine all of sudden had a mind of its own and shut down completely . It only allowed for the demo afterwards . When calling Homedics they said that this was highly unusual but based on the responses on this web-site I find that doubtful . Although my parents would like a replacement model , I do n't think that would make the most sense , unfortunately . Until Homedics works out the kinks in this model I think we 're going to stick with the SBM-200 .
 I got one for Christmas . This one 's from the Discovery Channel store , but it 's the same model as the SBM-300 . I agree with all the other reviews . It feels great when it works . However , the first one broke after maybe 30 minutes of total use . The power button did n't work . I returned it for another one , and this one lasted maybe 20 minutes longer . It seems to be going into Demo mode spontaneously , and there 's no control at all . This is a defective product . Homedics needs to pull it from the shelves and get the design defect fixed !!!
 Otherwise the unit is completely unresponsive after just one 20-minute use . I 'd like to get another one because it seems like it could be a good product if it actually worked.And even worse we bought another one for a gift not yet given ... Here 's the gamble , is the gift defective ? or is it one of the flukes that is n't ? Based on the reviews , perhaps I should keep shopping .
 I took a chance on this item thinking that maybe the past reviewers just had bad luck . Well , I guess I can add my name to that list . This item worked great for about 3 days and then shut off by itself , -LRB- after 4 minutes of use -RRB- , and would not turn back on . Fortunately , Amazon 's return process is easy . Buyer beware ...
 We bought this item at Costco after trying out a floor model in the store . We liked it enough to buy it and brought it home this afternoon and set it up for use by family members that came over for dinner . Everyone that had an opportunity to try it -LRB- 3 people -RRB- liked it . However , the device failed to work completely after being on for only about 30 minutes . The power light started to blink -LRB- which the manual indicates means the device is trying to turn off -RRB- and has not worked since . We tried letting it blink for 10-15 mintes , unplugged the unit from the power source -LRB- AC -RRB- for several hours and plugged it back in again , all to no avail . Turning to the homedic.com website provided no help whatsover as it only offered an online version of the owner manual . The unit will be retuned to the store this week for a refund . We only paid $ 100 but I expected the unit to work for more than 30 minutes .
 Another defect the shiatsu selection not work , it rolls up and down like the rolling selection . returned for a lost of return shipping $ 20.00
 After very limited use and after three years -LRB- of course the warranty is only 2 years -RRB- the chair just quit . I would not waste my money on one again .
 this item did not work when it arrived an the company is trying to screw me out of my money
 I ordered a HOM SBM-300 from IRA Wood & Sons Inc. I went online to order it rather than going to a store because I did n't know a store that carried that peticular product . I was very excited with the price and free shipping with the Ira Wood company . I placed the order and it was shipped immediately . I received it last Wednesday July 13th . I took it out and set it up according to ALL the directions . The rollers did not go up and down . They just sit at the bottom no matter what button I push . When I picked it up I to put it back in the box I could hear the rollers zooming around freely by themselves . Something is wrong with the unit . I called Ira Wood & Sons and they said they do n't take returns and would not exchange it for another one . I called them four times they say they will look into it and no one ever calls me back . When I asked them if they sell at a cheaper price because they sold me something that was returned to the company they said no they do n't do that . I do n't believe it . They will not give me a refund and now I am out $ 120 . This was supposed to be my birthday present and I am very upset . My daughter has one of these cushions SBM 200 and she loves it . I was so looking forward to using it and now I am very angry with the whole senerio .
 I work as a Paramedic and as a result , tend to get back fatigue and general wear and tear of the muscles . I ordered a SBM-300 with high hopes for curing my back problems . When it arrived I removed it from the box , plugged it in and switched it on - a green LED light came on under the `` Power '' heading . The control unit gives several options for massage so I chose the `` Full Shiatsu '' mode . As soon as I pressed the button , the LED went off and there was a very strong burning smell coming from the power adapter . It has not worked since and the Homedics technical support have been very unhelpful - AVOID AT ALL COST !!!
 I bought one of these from Wal-Mart online because it was only $ 99.00 -LRB- $ 149.99 at Amazon -RRB- . It was great for a while , a powerful deep-tissue massage . However this only lasted about 2 weeks before one of the controls stopped functioning . I sent it back and received a replacement within 10 days . This one did not turn on at all ... absolutely no response whatsoever ... so back it goes too . I will not be replacing the unit . Pretty poor when the unit fails straight from the box . Do n't they do any quality control whatsoever ?
 I got this massager for my wife for Christmas . She tried it for 10 minutes on Christams day , then I tried it for about 5 minutes . It felt great . When we tried to use a couple of days later ... nothing . It would n't even turn on . I am very suprised because Homedics had a good reputation . Now I have to pay to ship it back to Homedics , PLUS I have to pay a $ 10 fee for them to look at it even though it is brand new .
 I removed shipping screw as per instructions . Worked for about 10 minutes then would not shut off . Unit would hum and stop , hum and stop , but power light would stay on . After about 20 minutes something smelt burnt and that was all she wrote.Now it wo n't turn on . I returned it and am waiting to see what the factory does .
 I completely agree with the other reviews !! My boyfriend gave me this as a Christmas gift and I absolutely loved it ... for the 20 minutes that it worked . After my first -LRB- and only -RRB- 20 minute session , I could not get it to work properly . When using the remote to power the unit did not work , I tried unplugging the model and reconnecting it . When I reconnected the unit , it went into a `` mini-demo '' mode , haphazardly going through all of the different options for 30 second increments and then shut off again . That 's about all I 've been able to get it to do since.I am glad that I was able to find these reviews , because I was actually thinking about just exchanging it for another SBM-300 . Now I know better , and will definitely trade it in for an entirely different model .
 I tried this out for about 10 minutes and worked great . A couple hours later , I tried it again and within 5 minutes it quit working and did n't start up again and never has . NOTHING WORKS ON IT !!!!!
 I opened this on Xmas morning with lots of anticipation having read about the great massage this unit gives . I used it for about ten minutes . A little while later my son & daughter tried it and both loved it . Next morning it would not work at all.Its being returned for cash . I will keep an eye on the reviews and when it looks like Homedics QC has their stuff together , I will re-purchase . Sign me - Another Disappointed User
 I bought this one for my wife at Sam 's club . She loved it for the three sessions it worked . On the fourth try it would not power up - just like others have experienced . It 's going back tomorrow for a refund . Too bad .
 Hi , I recently purchased this item and was very disappointed with the product once it arrived . Product description doees not mention that what you are purchasing is a massager in a hard plastic shell that is very uncomfortable .
 ... makes it difficult to tell how great or not-so-great this product is . It did n't come with the adapter for the outlet and Homedics does n't make replacement ones , so they gave me some obnoxiously long specification list for finding one at , say , Radio Shack -LRB- at my expense , of course -RRB- . Bummer to say the least . For the price , you 'd think that Homedics would have that part covered for replacement . I got it for Christmas and it was a month or two before I even got around to trying it . Oh well , at least I 'm not the one who paid for it ... right ??? : - -LRB-
 I purchased this product as a gift . Imagine our chagrin to receive it and set it up only to find that the power cord had been frayed and it would not power up ... which may have been good considering the condition of the cord !! Since returning to Amazon -LRB- They took care of the return without any problems and I received my refund in a timely manner -RRB- I have since found this product at our local Costco . They had one out as a demo set up in a chair for customer use . I tried it and it also did not work . My husband then took a look at the cord , and found that one to be frayed as well . There must be a problem with the production , storage and/or shipping.I would not recommend this product unless the consumer wants to spend time re-packing and returning it !
 Bought one for my wife for Christmas . She used it for about 10-15 minutes . Then I tried it later that day for about 10 minutes . Worked great . A few days later we tried it again , and nothing . It would n't even power up . AVOID !!!!
 I read `` Good while it lasted '' and should have listened , but I thought it was a fluke also . We had this item for only 4 days before it decided to stop working . Probably just the power supply , but returned item for refund ...
 Yet another review from someone whose unit stopped working shortly after unpacking it . Control unit is completely non-responsive . Runs through a demo , then shuts off . Not much else to say ... Update
 I purchased this for my aging Father because he was having back pain issues . He tried it once , and he said it hurt quite a bit . I tried it myself , and he was right ! No matter which setting I used , it seemed to poke my spine . It did n't really help my muscle tension , but rather made it worse . It is a shiatsu massager , but I thought it would be a deep muscle massage , not a poke in the spine and ribs . It 's also heavy and cumbersome . It 's in the closet waiting to go to the Thrift store .
 I noticed that the top rated reviewer in this section reduced his review from 5 to 2 stars after the unit stopped working . I had the same experience . I had the unit about 2 years and without warning it just stopped functioning . I suspect it may be something wrong in the corded remote controller , but that remote is wired into the unit . Homedics should anticipate that electronics will sometimes stop functioning and allow you to detach the controller and get a new one . -LRB- Why not a simple external plug like many electronics units have ? -RRB- I estimate I used the unit about 100 times -LRB- about once a week -RRB- . As far as the massage goes , I go to a masseuse once a month and nothing can beat the human touch . I also found that it did not help with a sore back -- the roller mechanism is just too hard and inflexible . It did provide relief from tension in the back .
 I bought my SBM300 Shiatsu Massaging Cushion having had before the nmodel SBM200 version of the same type of cushion.Both of them had the same defect and broke in the same place after three or four months of normal use . There is a plastic vertical piece that serves as a guide of the moving mechanism which is made of a thin and cheap plastic which broke in the same place with both cushions . I disassembled the cushion to try to fix it as I live in Argentina , South America and it is impossible to send it by any means and I found this very cheap , thin plastic guide that can not possible hold the back of a normal person . I weigh 154lbs and I am 5 ' 7 ` and I dont understand how can I possibly break a piece of plastic by leaning gently as I always did , knowing about the weakness of this plastic in my previous cushion.I imagine this defect repeats itself in almost 100 % of the failures of this cushion and should have been analized and replaced by a stronger plastic.Does Homedics have any type of quality control and engineering design ? I simply dont understand this lack of capacity to fix such evident and reported defects.The cushion is all right and brings good service and action , but until it breaks . In my case my failure rate was 100 % in both cushions that I bought through Amazon .
 ... and you have burned so very , very brightly , SBM-300 . `` Sadly , I agree with all three of the previous reviewers . This massager is the best I 've tried , but mine stopped powering up after three uses . Five stars for the massage + One star for the 40 minute lifetime = Do n't lose that receipt !
 I bought this unit at Costco about a week ago after trying it out in the store . Brought it home and used it until it stopped working on maybe the fourth use , completely unresponsive . I ended up returning it . When it worked though , it was really good .
 What can I say ... Got it for Christmas this morning and used it for half hour then it stopped ... This company clearly needs to check on the people they hire for quality control ... THEY ARE NOT DOING THEIR JOB . Back to the store with this dissapointment .
 Like 2 of the other reviewers , my SBM-300 has stopped functioning . If I plug it in and remove it again and again I can get the demo mode back up , but even the demo cycle does not complete . The normal modes will not function at all.Clearly quality control was asleep at the wheel with this model .
 I got this for Christmas and got the exact same results as everyone else . Only worked for 15-20 minutes then refused to turn on for days . Came home this evening to use it for only the 3rd time - wont turn on at all . Tried everything to no avail . Save your money and avoid this piece of junk !!!
 This is a shame since everyone enjoyed the massage while it lasted . We received this as a Christmas gift and it was quite a hit . Lasted a week until the machine refused to turn on . I tried unplugging it then replugging only to have it do a partial demo run then stop . I have e-mailed Homedics concerning the problem and am shipping back the product .
 I loved it . Left my back feeling good . But within two weeks , the massage heads started stuttering in the lower region - still working , but making a sort of slipping noise , as if the gears were missing their purchase . Then , it just stopped . The lights on the control blinked , but the machine was dead . Would 've been nice to have spent this much money on something that worked . Not well made .
 Hard to say whether I liked this massager or not considering it wo n't power up at all . Guess I should have paid more attention to the other reviewers . There is definately a problem with this unit.I think I 'll give the SBM-200 a try ... it seems to have a better track record .
 I bought two of these cushions for my elderly parents who have back discomforts . They were reluctant to tell me how they like them , but eventually admitted that they were pretty brutal and uncomfortable . They asked if I would mind if they sent one back . They also said they were quite unattractive .
 This was great , while it lasted . It worked for a month , then suddenly stopped and can not get it back to work . Unfortunately , I bought this at Walmart , and they treat you as if you had stolen the item and would not let me exchange , nor return this defective product . I would say not to buy it ; just looking at the other reviews , it has the same feature
 It was great ... for 2 days . The third day , I sat on it and the rolling action would n't work . The rotating things remain fixed at the bottom and wo n't move up !
 I have owned three of these . . I used it every morning for about 15 minutes at full back setting . . and each one broke after about 6 months !! What happens , is the plastic track that the rollers go up and down on eventually bendsa and cracks in half . . I have contacted Homedics and they do not respond . . If you dont plan to use it go ahead and buy one . . But if you like a massage dont expect it to last more than 6-9 months . . Waste of good money . . They need to put in a good metal track !!!
 Two things , I had a niacin flush after taking these at the recommended dose for one week.Never had that happened before . It is not fun!Second thing , started to notice a pattern where when I take this vitamin I get extremely deep long lasting pimples on my face ! Very clear cause and effect , for three months i kept these vitamins around I thought no way ... took some more , face broke out ... could n't be ... took some more face broke out . The last time was 45 days ago and the bumps are still visible . This is very strange because I do n't get bumps like this , took Accutane when I was 16 , do n't have enough oil glands in my face to make bumps like this.It 's entirely possible I 'm just allergic to something in this vitamin but I would use with caution . The niacin flush to me says that the B contents of this sucker could be much higher than listed .
 I took 6 pills for two days , and was unable to fall asleep as a result of these vitamins . A co-worker recommended these to me , and when he increased his dose to about the same , he also had trouble sleeping . It probably causes the adrenaline levels to increase and keeps the mind active , even if the body is very tired . There is no denying that the vitamins are effective , however , its the wrong kind of effectiveness if you ask me .
 A lot of similar products to this one are not indicating if this thermometer works in Fahrenheit or Celsius . Please update your product information properly .
 The product arrive missing most of the hardware.The package containing the screws and other assembly hardware had been obviously opened , screws removed and the torn-open package put into a ziplock bag and put in the box.Rest assured that we WILL be contacting the supplier immediately , but in the meantime , save yourself the hassle and shop elsewhere.If Amazon 's policy on 3rd party supplier 's remains `` it 's not our problem , call the supplier '' , I would suggest shopping on a completely different site altogether .
 Thursday does not list the amount of oil mixed with the cream , it seems the amount is minuscule . Comparing the oil to the cream , I prefer the oil a whole lot better . The cream overall is OK , not great , and moisturizes the skin for a couple of minutes then goes away . As a test , for one week I applied only the cream . I found I had to apply it multiple times to gain the benefits equal to yet not as close as straight oil . The following week , I tried mixing the oil with body lotion but found the oil thinned the mixture to a water like WD-40 consistency . My best results has been to apply the oil first , waiting five minutes then applying body lotion.The antiseptic medicinal/herbal aroma is not as strong as the oil yet noticeably present . I apply it at night and surely would not go out in public with the either product on . Ever get a whiff of someone wearing hippie patchouli oil ? El stink-o ! I would not recommend this product as the co $ t to value ratio is minute . Get the oil then apply body lotion after . Best bang for the buck $ .
 I have used this product for more than 10 years as an after shave balm . The soothing menthol , moisturizers and antiseptic properties made it an ideal aftershave . It was light enough -LRB- almost pourable -RRB- that it did n't go on heavy or leave a greasy shine . Unfortunately , they have reformulated and repackaged the product . The new product contains less per unit , costs more , and does not have the same properties . Per the ingredients listing , they have added gums to the formula , which makes it go on like a thick white cream . I 'm not sure what the application for this product is now , but it definitely is n't as an aftershave balm .
 If you want low calorie ketchup that actually tastes like ketchup , stay away from this product . It tastes more like a vinegar or cocktail sauce than ketchup . If you 're looking to cut calories in the ketchup department , a better option may be Heinz One Carb ketchup -LRB- which , though they do n't tout it , only has 5 cals per serving while regular ketchup has 15 . The buzz on the net is that this stuff actually tastes like original Heinz . I said it with Walden Farms Chocolate Syrup , and I 'll say it again with their ketchup
 The measurement 1 to 2 '' is not defined . Purchased a `` regular '' it is smaller than expected . If the urine is released with the clamp in place , the urethra will be painful . It is not being used .
 The eraser crumbled while using it , and left pieces of gray on my teeth . I do not recommend this product . There was a very small amount of stain removed .
 didnt work i dont want to write 18 more words , this is why I normally dont review . This is ridiculous
 You are better off getting sand paper and putting it on your teeth ; That is basically what this is.Not recommended .
 this was a waste of a couple of $ 's . This is literally a Q-tip , with sandpaper on the end ... it 's gritty , and not necessary to use ... teeth are bones , by using sandpaper on them , it will only wear away the teeth . Some peoples teeth are never going to get white , no matter what they try - like me ! it sucks , but after trying about 50 products , I have come to that conclusion . and I DO NOT smoke , or drink coffee/wine . If you go tanning , it will make your teeth look whiter.This product can damage the condition of your teeth . I would advise not to use .
 IT DOES NOT WORK REALLY . THAT IS ALL I HAVE TO SAY . THE DENTIST IS THE BEST ADVICE FOR ALL YOUR NEEDS BEYOND OUR LEVEL OF PERSONAL DENTAL CARE.BUT IT WAS WORTH TRYING , JUST CURIOUS.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND TAKE CARE OF YOUR TEETH , OR YOU END UP LIKE LOOKING FOR REMEDIES THAT DO NOT WORK . I RATHER USE LEMON JUICE OR HOT WATER , IT WORKS BETTER FOR ME .
 The dark gray eraser/tip of the tool comes off on your teeth . The tip is much harder than what I thought it would be . It might help a little bit but , I think my family will stick w / the old fashioned whitening w / mixture of baking soda and peroxide . Probably would n't buy these again , so I ca n't recommend them to anyone else .
 It is a cheap product worth not more than couple pennies.I would not recommend it to anyone . No way .
 This brace works , but it seems to run a little small in size . I measure 42 '' , and ordered the Large 40 '' - 44 '' . Maybe it is because of the compression that it has to give in order to support what it needs to . It is a struggle to put on by yourself ; however , it does seem to do what it claims .
 Thinking we were doing the right thing by ordering this brace due to rotator cuff surgery for an upcoming ski trip we were surprised when the doctor said to absolutely not wear the brace . We returned the product and were charged a 15 % restocking fee by the seller . That was disappointing and costly - be sure to check with your doctor and read the fine print about returns with the seller . The restocking and shipping costs are no fun !!!
 I put this on over my T-shirt and it was nothing short of fantastic . My shoulder -LRB- torn rotator , etc. -RRB- felt 90 % better , almost too good to be true . Well , the next morning I examined the brace to find a thread had separated on one of the seams and unraveled half the length of said seam . Unfortunately , there was no wearing it w/o some major sewing involved . I returned it -LRB- credit pending , I hope -RRB- and ordered the EVS SB03 . Hopefully , the pain relief will be duplicated , coupled with a much improved product longevity .
 How do I know which size I would need ? What measurements do I need to take to determine if I need a Small/Medium/Large or XL?Also , will this work to prevent shoulder dislocations while playing sports ? -LRB- I have had my shoulder dislocate about 6-7 times while playing basketball -RRB-
 I really wanted to love these products but I could not get past the smell ! To me it was too strong and it covered up the `` baby smell '' that I love . Fortunately I found the Lavanilla baby products after this misstep and my baby smells like a baby again !
 I am not a fan of Mustela newborn products . They are over priced and the smell is so strong -LRB- think old lady -RRB- and lasts forever ! I know we each have our own personal preference when it comes to smells so I suggest you try before you buy .
 I 've read a lot of reviews on this product . It obviously works for some people , but be aware it does n't work for everyone . Me being one of the latter . I 've taken it twice and both times it did nothing . First time I took it before I left for work . The drive to work I was yawning and about to fall asleep . I did n't get 5 minutes of energy let alone 5 hours . Second time I took it was about 15 minutes ago . Still nothing . I was feeling sleepy and still am . My Mom , on the other hand , says it makes her energetic as hell .
 Not a big fan ... I 'm still yawning and my eyes are still heavy . I got a noticeable head rush but I would n't describe that rush as `` energetic '' ... It was more uncomfortable than anything . Wo n't take it again .
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 Low in protein and no vitamins . But thats okay since its cheap.But from going from Isopure protein to this , i feel weaker and got sick.Im not sure if this was made badly , or it was a coincidence . This stuff is made by Vitamin Shoppe so it should be dependable.But i suggest sticking to companies that are famous for substance powders .
 I returned the adhesive remover , unopened , immediatley after receiving it . -LRB- I no longer had a need for it -RRB- . The company never credited my account for the product , or replied to an email questioning the purchase and return . I still have never received a credit for the item returned , and would never purchase a product again or recommend this seller to anyone .
 According to what I read there would be a 33 oz.box , 15/carton . I received the smallest box of Tide there is . And only one , 15/carton normally means 15 boxes in a carton . Very disappointed , I
 I have tried Crest in the past and it worked pretty well . I decided to try Rembrandt this time sine it has a more prestigious brand name . I am sad to say that it did not work at all ...
 I put it in before bed and woke up in horrible pain . I have never felt anything like it and I took a long shower desperately trying to get it off . I wound up running to the store for an emergency douche . I screamed the whole time I was trying to get it out of me . Then , as soon as I was clean , pain gone .
 I have used this several times with no issues , but this last time had a horrible reaction and the burning was like nothing I have ever experienced before !!!! Not sure why it happened this time but it was 100x worse than the symptoms !!
 Worst . Product . Ever . I would bet this product prolongs your infection and/or makes it worse . Here 's why . It 's SO DAMN CAUSTIC that it damages your tissue . -LRB- Anything that hurts that much has to be doing damage . -RRB- So your tissue become even more vulnerable . Had to wash out what was left after 24 hours . Starting to feel better already . Instead you should stick with a 3 day treatment , specifically clotrimazole.This stuff should be off the market .
 I am terribly sorry that I did n't read reviews on this product . I had a very minor yeast infection , it seemed like it was going away by itself but I wanted to make sure that the bacteria was gone . I tried Monistat1 and I have never been in this much pain . Extremely red , extremely swollen and I feel like I have to pee every two seconds . Now I have to take a day off of work which will cost me $ 100 + including the price of the product . All of these horrible reviews are true ...
 This is by far the most horrible feminine product on the market . I had a mild-moderate yeast infection that I wanted to start treating during the day . I used this product around 1:30 pm and felt some initial relief ; however by 4:30 pm I was experiencing the most horrific burning pain inside that I had to hold back tears and cancel the rest of my day . It lasted all through the night with no reprieve ; I am now on my way to the ER after nearly 24 hours of the worst hell of my life . MY POOR VAGINA .
 After suffering a day with what I thought was a yeast infection , I went to purchase Monistat . I was relieved when I saw this product because is said `` 1 Day '' . Knowing the misery of the itching and burning of a yeast infection , I quickly made the $ 20.00 plus purchase . Even though it said to use day or night , I waited until night time . I woke up several times during the night with extreme burining and itching - much worse than the initial yeast infection . It is now mid day and I am completely devestated . The pain is almost umbearable . I showered to try to get relief and am still in pain . I sent my husband to the store for the 7-day treatment . I ca n't go myself because of the burning and itching . I will never use this product again and highly feel it should be discontinued . I am very tolerable of pain , but this one is awful . NEVER , NEVER , AGAIN .
 The doctor told me to get Monistat and I did ... what a mistake ! It did n't occur to me to go read reviews on what the doctor ordered ... apparently my avid review-reading skills failed me on this most unfortunate of occasions . As you can tell from the other 1 star reviews , this is a product to avoid . I wish I had opted for Monistat 3 or 7 instead . Alas . It does indeed feel like fire ants are attacking your vagina ... or like your rubbed sandpaper around down there . Steer clear ! That said , if you find yourself in the situation I found myself in ... reading the plethora of 1 star reviews about 10 minutes too late ... there is a bit of hope . I found some relief by sitting in a warm bath and removing as much of the ovule 's remnants as possible . I am able to sit -LRB- albeit on a pillow -RRB- right now . Best of success ladies !
 Why do n't they have a warning on the package of this product ! I used this and within an hour I was curled up in a ball about to cry . Burning , itching , swelling ! Please do not use this , save yourself from the pain and discomfort it causes . Nothing helps not even showering and it 's been 3 hours . This 1 day monistat needs to be taken off the shelf or at least have a warning on the box .
 This is my first time using Monistat . I decided to go for the one day treatment and make it a quick recovery . I have been on antibiotics for an infection and the yeast infection is a side effect . So I inserted the `` egg '' at 11:30 pm and off to bed I went . It is currently 2 am and I am in the most severe itching and pain that I have ever experienced . The cream made it worse . The cool wipes helped for all of 2 minutes . I finally used witch hazel on a cotton pad to wipe off all the `` itching cream '' and it feels slightly better . The itching and burning is so bad I can not sleep . I regret buying this and regret using this product . It is so severe it feels like someone is torching my vagina . Absolutely awful ! I am waiting to call the 1800 # for Monistat which conveniently is open 8-5pm when the product is for night time relief . I would think they would have night time hours but silly me to think logically . I am telling the world this product made my mild itching 100Xs worse and the burning is intolerable . I hate it and will never recommend it!Update
 My pap showed yeast and then I had to take two different antibiotics -- preparing for infertility treatments and then my salivary gland swelled with an ear infection . Of course the yeast infection became horrible . I used this product without a problem , and then the symptoms returned two weeks later . I tried it again and experienced the severe burning in the middle of the night . No allergies or sensitive skin . The burning/pain was so much worse than the yeast infection .
 I took Monistat-1 after being diagnosed with a yeast infection . I was very busy at the time and did n't want to mess with the 3 or 7 day version . This was my first yeast infection -LRB- I am 26 -RRB- . I made sure to review the product and follow the instructions to its fullest . Like others I thought those reporting bad side effects were being wimpy.I experienced intense itch before the use of the product . Itch continued for 7 days after the treatment and went away . So I can not say if the medication caused any . The itch was tolerable enough I did not need any creams for it.What I did experience was the worst cramps , side aches , and lower backache in my entire life . I do not get the ` normal ' menstrual cramps symptoms most women have . The worst I ever get is slight soreness in my lower abdomen , so this was new to me.I experienced these symptoms for 7 days , but did not experience any burning or swelling.I 'm actually quite tolerable of pain and use half dose aspirin 4-5 times a year on average for sinus headaches . However , I had to purchase the strongest OTC pain reliever possible . It only took the edge off . I could not sleep , and my sides throbbed day and night . Which ever side I slept on would be the side that hurt the most during the day . Pain could not be resolved by massage , hot bath , heating pad , medication , or lying down.I worked at a standing job and could not afford to be relieved from work at the time . Normally standing makes my minimal cramps feel better . This was the opposite . The cramps , throbbing , and ache was so persistent and intense that standing made me extremely fatigued.I would never take this product again , or recommend it to anyone . I would not recommend the 3 or 7 day versions , even though it has been reported that side effects are more mild based on these side effects alone.I 'd never wish this sort of pain on anyone . Request a Rx if possible , this product is truly evil .
 I am a first time user of monistat and I was highly disappointed with the results . I was suffering a minor yeast infection and decided I would try monistat 1 to get rid of it . I inserted the ovule around 11am and about 4 to 5 hours later while at work , I started feeling really itchy and burning which was fine untill it became so unbearable , I was in tears . I had to ice it and after that it was swollen and red and still itchy but less burning . The discomfort lasted for about 3 days then it started to fade . After all that pain and agony after about a week or so ... the yeast infection was still there full fledge . Inconclusion , a completely useless and painful `` solution '' to a yeast infection .
 I do n't know if it 's good or bad that I 'm not the only one with this horrible reaction . You might as well be inserting liquid fire . It is definitely not worth it and I ca n't imagine how effective it could be when all you are trying to do to get the medicine OUT . It really causes excruciating pain and it should come with a big warning .
 I usually purchase the 3-day treatment and it has definitely worked in the past . This time around I wanted to nip it in the bud and decided to try the one day . Never again . I just had a very subtle irritation which has now turned into severe itching and burning . All I want to do is sit in a bath tub filled with cold water . This is pure torture . I had to purchase Vagisil Wipes extra strength for itching in order to function and that really worked . I hope the itching goes away soon . Ugggggghhhh ...
 I 've never written a review in my life . I had to do this if you try Monistat 1 to take the easy way out . . I can honestly tell you its like dipping your vagina in Satan 's water !! You will want to RIP -LRB- literally -RRB- RIP your vagina out from in between your legs . Its like torture . Although it works it lasts about an hour or two . I tell you first hand please do n't try it .
 If I could give negative stars , I would . I agree with the reviews that say that the 1-day applicator should be taken off the shelves , or at least come with warnings . There were no warnings on the Monistat website , just advice to use 1-day if you do n't want to take medicine all week , and to use the ovule if you do n't want leaking . Based on that , who would n't want to take it ??? But now , here I am , a professional manager , debating missing work because the burning and itching that kept me up all night is keeping me from being able to sit on a chair . This product is unacceptable .
 I have had a chronic recurring yeast infection since I was put on an invasive course of antibiotics for a staph infection four years ago . My body never really got its groove back , and even though I have significantly altered my diet and lifestyle to prevent the growth of Candida Albacans -LRB- No refined sugar , no gluten , no alcohol , cigarettes , nothing that might alter my vaginal pH. . . -RRB- , sometimes , especially when I 'm stressed , it sneaks in under the radar , usually about twice a year . After the first couple of times , my doctor suggested an over the counter treatment like Monistat for new outbreaks . I 've always used the Monistat 3 or 7 day treatment packs , and they 've always worked well , with no unusual side effects or added discomfort , but this time I was impatient . I figured , its just a higher concentrated dose of the same ingredient , what can it hurt ? The answer ? SO . MUCH . SO SO MUCH.I am writing this review 4 days after using the Monistat 1 Vaginal Antifungal Day or Night 1 Day Treatment Combination Pack . The night I inserted the ovule , I experienced such intense burning within a few minutes of insertion that I almost pulled it out , but then the burning subsided , so I applied the ointment -LRB- which is the same 2 % Miconazole Nitrate cream in all the other combo packs , no complaints there . -RRB- and went to bed . I woke up feeling fine , and made it about half way through the first day before the burning started up again , accompanied by mind-bending itchiness . This has been going on for three days now . My vagina is STILL itchy and burning , far more than it ever has with an ordinary yeast infection ! My vaginal tissues , vulva , and peri-anal skin are dry and tender to the touch , almost raw feeling , but I have a clear watery greyish discharge that is very irritating to the entire area . Yesterday and the day before it was greyish-white and frothy -LRB- like , seriously , foamy , like dish soap -RRB- , and there was so much of it I could barely stand to be up and moving , because it just kept coming out of me . I had to use a maxi pad to absorb it , because my vagina was too inflamed to use a tampon . This is INSANE . This stuff is NOT supposed to be coming out of my vagina , yeast infection or no . It is not natural . I can only assume that this has altered the natural balance of my lady parts so drastically that it will take me weeks or even months to get healthy again.Needless to say , I am going to call Monistat 's customer service dept. and demand a refund . I mean , for the love of Pete , I CA N'T HAVE SEX . I can barely even pee without wanting to cry . I am sure they will tell me that I was using the product incorrectly , or that I 've simply had an allergic reaction , but it seems obvious that the problem is with the product , not with the countless women who have had the same -LRB- or worse ! -RRB- experience while using it . In reading reviews across the internet it looks like the VAST MAJORITY of users literally feel my pain . Man up , Monistat . Why is a product that consistently seems to cause more harm than the condition it is meant to treat still on the market ???
 I am on Fire !!! I am going to have to go to the Dr. because this burning is unbearable !! I regret taking this product , it is so much worse than the infection symtoms itself . I am not sure how long this has been on the market but I hope they are reading all the reviews and forums regarding their product because there are so many uncomfortable women out there . How they passed inspection for this is beyond me . I have had an icepack on me and this is 2 days later and I am bright red and swollen shut . DON `` T USE THIS !!!
 I DID NOT , I repeat DID NOT pay any attention to the fact that this version of the medication has twice the MGs of the 3-day and 7-day treatments ! No wonder why we 're all feeling like our vaginas are about to collapse ! This one day treatment has 1,200 MGs in it vs the 3-day having a total of 600MGs and the 7-day 700MGs . What was Monistat thinking ?
 I bought the one day treatment thinking it would make my moderate YI go away faster . What a BIG MISTAKE !!! I used the day & night version and expected some leakage from using the product , so that was not an issue . What I did not expect was the intense pain , burning & itching . It felt like I has poison ivy inside of me . I 've never been so miserable . I 've had YI 's in the past , a bacterial infection , as well as urinary infection . None of that compares to what I went through with use of this product . I 'm glad some people did not have the negative side effects like the rest of us , but please do n't say we 're exaggerating . I used it on mid-day Sunday and was still burning Monday morning . I literally manually pulled out as much of this product as possible & now I 'm left with the burn & itch from the chemical burn on top of the YI . I 'm alternating taking both acetaminophen and ibuprofen to alleviate some of the pain . This is a sensitive area we 're dealing with and though this product may work fine for some please consider how many people it has injured . If it were a product used for a man then it probably would 've been removed from the market long ago . Do yourself a favor and do n't risk injuring yourself with this garbarge . Go with the 7 day treatment because if you 're one of the unlucky 90 % then it 'll end up taking you longer to heal anyway .
 Five days ago I felt a mild itch and thinking it 's best to take care of it soon I went to the drugstore to buy the 3 day pill . I was almost out of the door with my box of trusty Canesten 3-day cure when I saw this and was lured by the promise of 1 day treatment . I used it exactly as directed , before bed , and went to sleep hoping for an ease in the irritation the next morning . I woke up to flamed reaching the sky from my bed . I guess - reading other customer reviews - I was lucky it did n't wake me up during the night . But what followed was still no picnic . The mild irritation grew to full blown burning and the accompanying cream only made it worse -LRB- I swear the people who put this package together were the worst sadists . -RRB- Finally , fed up after 3 days of things getting worse , I went and saw a pharmacist , who recommended I go to a walk in clinic and get a prescription for a one day oral pill . Something I should have done on the first day but did n't due to laziness . I got the prescription , plus a tube of Canesten cream and walked out . Now I 'm much better . Even though the drug is said to take full effect after 24 hours I do n't feel the unbearable burning and itching I had 12 hours ago . In fact it subsided as soon as I used the Canesten cream . That would be a lesson to me as far as yeast infection cures go . Stick with the brand you trust , do n't be fooled by the promise of a one day cure . As the pharmacist put it they are much less effective than the 3 day and definitely less than the 7 day -LRB- which is what she recommended . -RRB- But most important of all , always see a doctor . It will save you time , a lot of discomfort , and the risk of using a product that actually makes things worse .
 I bought this one time ovule , because I thought it would work and be over with , but I was sadly mistaken . It burns like crazy and the itching is worse than before I inserted the darn thing . The directions say you can use it either night or day , but sitting around with this goop coming out of you is no fun . I have always used it at night , but I thought I could get an early start on some relief . This is crazy ! I feel like I 've sprinkled hot sauce down in my underwear . It is unbearable ! Stick to the five or seven day or even a three day would be better . I wonder if it 'll work after all this . I 'll let you know if I can .
 I get regular -LRB- 2/year -RRB- yeast infections and was too lazy to get a diflucan refill for my most recent one since it was so mild . Instead I tried this product since I had always had good experiences with the 3 and 7 day kits . After using it before bed , I woke up at 5am and thought my uterus was going to fall out - the burning was so so so so bad . If only I had read these reviews before using it . After a few hours of tossing and turning close to tears , it finally started to go away at least enough to sit at my desk at work all day . I ended up having to call my doctor for a visit and refill anyway . Bottom line - I wasted $ 20 , lost 4 hours sleep , had to deal with unbearable burning , and had to go to the doctor anyway for a yeast infection that was worse than if I had just plain ignored it . NEVER AGAIN .
 I 'm up at 2am suffering from the WORST reaction I 've ever had to any kind of medication ! I used the Monistat 1 day ovule at 11pm right before bed , and was literally woken up in the middle of the night with excrutiating burining and itching ! I took a bath and tried to get as much of the medication out of me as possible by inserting tampon after tampon to pull out excess medication , but to no avail . I 'm typing this review because I ca n't go back to bed and hope it prevents any other women from experiencing what I 'm going through right now . I echo the sentiments of other women that this product should be taken off the shelves !! Please please please save yourself a sleepless night and do n't use this . My yeast infection symptoms were MUCH more bearible than this ! Ugh , what a nightmare !!
 First , let me express my grievance over the title of this medication , Monistat DAY OR NIGHT with a description that says it can be used during the day and you do n't have to wait until nighttime . What it fails to tell you is that after an hour , you very likely could be writhing in pain , itching yourself uncontrollably like you have chicken pox inside of you . Are those symptoms you want to be having , ESPECIALLY while you are in public during the work day ?!?! The effects of this medication were intolerable -- 10 times worse than the irritation I felt beforehand . I had to fake a stomach ache at work and race home so that I could suffer in privacy . 4 hours after insertion and I am feeling just as awful . Not to mention that the product is messy -- certainly not a daytime product . In fact , it 's not an anytime product and should be pulled immediately . If anyone else has made the same mistake , call Monistat 's 800 # and they should offer you a refund . They said this is not a `` normal '' reaction , although by the looks of the reviews , it does not seem like a rare reaction either .
 I am sitting up at 4AM right now because I have such severe burning that is much worse than before I used the Monistat combination 1 pack . I have taken a hot shower to wash out as much as possible and it provided slight relief . I forgot that I had had a similar reaction in college to this stuff . I will not forget again and stick with Vagisil next time .
 I am 29 years old and KNOW when I have a yeast infection . I normally use the 3 day Triconazole treatment and it works fine . This time I decided to use the Monistat 1 out of laziness -LRB- simply did not feel like adding an extra task to my night time routine -RRB- . I purchased the product on payday at 7:30 in the morning , inserted the product at 9:30 AM when I had a chance to sneak to the bathroom and things went well for one hour . At 10:30 AM , I experienced the worst burning sensation I have ever felt in my vaginal area . It was so bad I was crossing my legs under the desk and clentching my butt cheeks together in an attempt to muscle out the pain . I literally ran to the bathroom with my bottle of cold spring water and doused myself with it over the toilette . The time is now 12:39 PM and the burning has subsided to a warming feeling . This was not worth it , even though it seems like it will work . The next time I will go ahead and purchase the 3-day treatment . Ladies this item should be discontinued because I have now researched the reviews on various sites and MANY woman have had the same issues and I do n't beleive it is because that many women have mis-diagnosed . It is plainly a poor product .
 I usually do n't bother writing reviews for products ... but I just HAD to for this one . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT unless you want to TORTURE your vagina . I picked up the one day treatment as opposed to a 3 day treatment because I wanted to just take care of the problem and move on . I wish I had gotten the 3 day treatment instead . The itching and burning are worse than the actual infection was ! The extra two days of treatment are WELL WORTH the time if you can avoid these sensations . I have never felt this miserable and uncomfortable before and am probably going to have to knock myself out to get to sleep . Not to mention the sensation of this gunk running out of you is unpleasant . Do yourself a favor , take the extra 2 days for treatment , and be kind to your lady business .
 I have never written a review before but at 3:48 am I am in so much pain that I have to join in and warn women about this product ! I wish I had thought to look at reviews before purchasing it . I used to get yeast infections when I was younger and used the 7 day Monistat so I thought the products were just more sophisticated that they could offer a 1 day and I went for it . HOLY COW I AM IN PAIN !! I woke up to nurse my son and could barely sit still while he was nursing . I eventually had to put him down there is so much burning and itching -LRB- thankfully he was full at that point and fell asleep -RRB- . Now I am up and can barely sit still I am so uncomfortable . I wish there was something I could do to make it go away ! I am thrilled that there are other women that did n't have the reaction , but if I were you and you have n't been successful with this one before , do yourself a favor and at least get the 3 day one .
 I have n't reviewed anything in a decade , but I 've never been in so much PAIN . I am crying right now , wishing I would n't have bought this product . I had no idea so many other women felt the same way . My entire genital area is burning and swollen , and it 's been 24 hours . MAJOR redness , MAJOR swelling . I felt itchy when I woke up after inserting the suppository last night , and as the day progressed I only felt worse . Tonight , I had to leave the theatre to a show I really wanted to see this evening because I feel like I am going to die.Pain level 10 . PLEASE TAKE THIS PRODUCT OFF THE MARKET.I 've had no problem with the generic Monistat 7 . DO NOT BUY THE ONE DAY . Ladies , I guarantee you it 's worth the extra six days .
 Why is this happening ? Severe itching . I would be able to take the burning , but the itching is unbearable . I had a mild yeast infection and thought before it gets worse I nip it in the butt . Did it the first night and thought I was going to go crazy . It got better after an hour but that was horrible . Stupid me thought I 'd give it another chance a second night and third night , but the itch did not get any better . I 'm find during the day , but once I apply Monistat the itching is unbearable and decided to stop and call my doctor . She prescribed the pill . Do n't know what 's up with Monistat I never had such a reaction and it had worked before .
 I see now why it is designed to use at night . I have an 11 month old who still wakes up at night . I had to get up to nurse him , then I used the bathroom . I am now on hour 2 of being awake with the most intense burning and itching EVER . If I had known that the `` remedy '' was going to be worse than the infection , I would NOT have chosen this . The only reason I chose Monistat 1 in the first place is because Diflucan is not approved for nursing mothers . If at all possible , find another product !!
 I just got home from my OBGYN . I had a UTI and took antibiotics which caused a yeast infection . I figured I would get to the OB eventually but would try this in the meantime . I used it last night and holy God almighty . It was like fire ants had crawled inside of my body . I have never experienced such awful burning and pain . I tried to shower and clean it out , then eventually tried to douche to get this terrible stuff out of my body . Getting it out quickly helped but I went to the OB today and he took one look and said , you poor poor thing . My doctor said that he used to work for the FDA and likened this stuff to a chemical burn inside your body . He said it is an entirely different chemical that monistat 7 , and that it should not be legal . He used some long cotton swabs to get the rest of it out and gave me a prescription for an oral pill for the yeast infection . Thank God that is over .
 using this product for my mild yeast infection resulted in a nightmare of side effects worse than the original yeast infection symptoms . i was up all night crying with pain and burning , just like the other reviews say . i resorted to ice packs for some relief and just prayed for morning to come so i could get myself to urgent care for a prescription for diflucan . i would not wish this torture on anyone . if i ever use monistat again , it will be the monistat 7 , which i had no problems with in the past . i do n't understand how monistat 1 ever made it to the shelves .
 I bought this and thought cool one day no big deal . But after using it I had the most painful and awful reaction . I swelled up down there and had to go to the doctor . It was the most terrible pain i have ever felt . Do not buy this product stick with making an appointment or the 7 day treatment .
 This stuff creates the most intense itching/burning sensation ever . It literally feels like fire ants inside your vagina . No matter what you do it does n't help . The sensation lasted for several hours but then faded away . I do think that the medication works , but it is way too strong . I will definitely be purchasing the 5 or 7 day treatment next time .
 I have recurring yeast infections because I take an antibiotic to treat my acne . In the past , I have either gone to my OB when I had an infection or used Monistat 3 day or 7 day . -LRB- I know when I have a yeast infection . It is not BV or an STD . -RRB- When I got the classic symptoms I decided to try the Monistat 1 day Walgreens brand equivalent . I applied the product as directed and went to bed . The next morning I woke up with red and swollen labia . I did n't think much of it . I just thought I was having a slight reaction to the product . I showered and went about my day . Then out of nowhere I started to feel a burning itchy sensation . It definitely was not as horrible as other reviewers described but I realize everyone has a different tolerance for pain . The burn felt more annoying to me than anything and stopped after about 30 minutes . That night I experienced more burn , less intense than that morning . Day 2 and 3 after inserting the product consisted of a lot of disgusting discharge -LRB- the medicine coming out -RRB- and a slight itch . But there was no more burn and no more swollen labia . It is now day 4 . I feel much improved with no discharge , swelling , or burning sensation but feel the faintest itch . To ensure the infection is gone I will probably wait a few days and ask my OB for Diflucan if the itch is still there . Bottom line
 I took this product at 8:30 am Sunday morning . About an hour later my insides were burning and felt like they were on fire !! I waited until about 5pm and could not take it any longer and headed to urgent care . They prescribed me Diflucan -LRB- oral medicine -RRB- . The next day -LRB- Monday -RRB- I was extremely swollen and went to my regular doctor at 8:30 am . I was told I was having a bad reaction to the medication and she prescribed me some steroids . She also prescribed me medicine to mix with two other over the counter medicines and apply to myself . Its now about 11:30 am on Monday and I 'm in pain . Do not take Monistat 1 !!! Go to urgent care if it 's the weekend or go to your doctor to get the oral pill !! I have never been this miserable !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I wish there was a way to give this product less than one star . As I lay here in excruciating pain three hours after using this terrible stuff I wish I had researched it before buying . I had a mild yeast infection and , almost immediately after applying the medication , my symptoms were magnified to the tenth degree . I took some advil and was able to go to sleep , but woke up three hours later and ca n't fall back to sleep because of how badly it itches and burns . I decided to research this and see if anyone else had experienced the same thing -- obviously they have . Now I am worried that this terrible itching and burning will continue into tomorrow and am wondering if I should try to wash it out ?? This is awful , do yourself and favor and do NOT buy this horrible , horrible stuff!UPDATE
 I am in the same boat as many of you . I used this stuff two nights ago and I am so much worse off than I was . I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this stuff . It should be pulled , or have strict warning labels that it could cause terrible reactions . Luckily I work from home so I was able to sit on an ice pack yesterday and today . When I sleep -LRB- LOL -RRB- I wake up at least 4 times scratching the heck out of myself . This is insane ! I had to skip swim practice tonight because I just do n't feel up to being around anyone and I do n't know how the chlorine would feel against my miserable skin . I have to go to school tomorrow night and act like all is well . Someone needs to do something about this garbage . I hope this does n't go on forever .
 Had a yeast infection in high school more than 10 years ago and used the regular 7-day cream treatment . I felt immediate relief after the first dose of injection without any side effects . So 10 years later with more money and less time , I decided to buy the most expensive & `` fastest '' product to get rid of my yeast infection , which was the Monistat 1 Combo Pack . Boy do I regret it . The ovule itself did n't cause much pain that I can be sure of , but the cream it comes with BURNS !! And after reading all these reviews , it wo n't surprise me that the discomfort I was feeling was a combination of the ovule and the cream since I felt discomfort inside AND outside . My privates felt SO sore , burning , and more itching after I applied the cream . It almost felt like I just lost my virginity all over again , without the excitement ! A day later I 'm STILL itching , but trying to stick to the regimen , applying more of that cream causes renewed burning every time . I thought the cream was supposed to give me immediate relief ?? NO !! It burns and gets me all red down there , I feel so bad for myself . The only relief I get from the itching is applying some maximum strength Vagisil , which ALSO burns , but at least makes the itching go away for a couple hours . I 'm so bummed out by this experience that I do n't know if I should spend more money buying another Monistat product to make this itching go away . If a product causes so many people to have allergic reaction it should be pulled off the shelves . I do n't have sensitive skin , have never been allergic to anything topical , and am not allergic to any medications either . Basically I paid over $ 22 to get burned down there , more itching , and the yeast infection remains . It 's should be called the `` Monistat 1 Day Torture '' .
 I SHOULD 'VE READ THE REVIEWS FIRST ! LET ME START OFF BY SAYING I HAD A VERY MILD YEAST INFECTION ... NOTHING MORE . SOME OF THE OTHER REVIEWERS WHOM DID NOT HAVE ANY REACTION TO THIS 1 DAY TREATMENT IMPLIED THOSE OF US WHO DID HAD SOMETHING OTHER THAN A YEAST INFECTION ... NOT TRUE ! MAYBE THEY ARE ACTUALLY THE ONES WHO HAD SOMETHING WORSE B/C THE 1 DAY TREATMENT IS ACTUALLY MUCH STRONGER THAN THE 3 DAY OR 7 DAY -LRB- WHICH I DID N'T REALIZE UNTIL AFTER THE FACT -RRB- . I MEAN , DUHHH , IF SOMETHING GETS RID OF SOMETHING IN 1 DAY VS 3 OR 7 IT 'S DEFINITELY STRONGER -LRB- I WAS CLEARLY HAVING A SPACE CADET MOMENT -RRB- . ALSO , I HAVE A HIGH TOLERANCE FOR PAIN -LRB- HAD 2 CHILDREN & AM HEAVILY TATTOOED -RRB- , WHICH OVERTURNS WHAT SOME OF THE OTHER REVIEWERS SAID ABOUT PEOPLE NOT BEING ABLE TO HANDLE PAIN ... WRONG ! SO , I WOULD DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMEND THIS FOR MILD YI ! NOW , LET 'S TALK ABOUT MY EXPERIENCE WITH MONISTAT 1 . I DECIDED TO USE IT WHEN I GOT HOME FROM WORK THE OTHER DAY INSTEAD OF BEFORE BED ... THANK GOD I DID OR I WOULD NOT HAVE GOTTEN ANY SLEEP AND WOULD 'VE AWAKENED EVERYONE ELSE IN MY HOUSE . ABOUT 25MINS LATER I SAT DOWN TO HAVE SOME LUNCH & STARTED TO FEEL A LITTLE UNCOMFORTABLE & THEN , ALL HELL BROKE LOOSE ! IT WENT FROM UNCOMFORTABLE TO THE WORST INTENSE BURNING & ITCHING I 'VE EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE !!! I WAS RUNNING AROUND THE HOUSE ABOUT TO CRY , SQUIRMING AROUND ON THE EDGE OF THE CHAIR ... I EVEN STARTED PUNCHING MYSELF IN THE VAGINA -LRB- I KNOW IT SOUNDS CRAZY BUT THE PAIN WAS THAT BAD & I WAS DESPERATE FOR RELIEF -RRB- ... OUCHHHH ! THESE SIDE EFFECTS WERE WAYYYYY WORSE THAN MY YEAST INFECTION SYMPTONS -LRB- I BARELY HAD ANY SYMPTONS BEFORE MONISTAT1 -RRB- . IT LITERALLY FELT LIKE SOMEONE POURED HOT SAUCE & LEMON JUICE INSIDE OF ME AND FINISHED IT OFF WITH SOME FRESH CRACKED PEPPERCORN , FOLLOWED BY A RUBBING OF POISON OAK ... NO EXAGGERATION ... YIKESSSSSSSSS ! THIS INTENSE PAIN LASTED FOR A COUPLE OF HOURS :*-LRB- BEFORE IT WAS SOMEWHAT BEARABLE . IN FACT , THESE SYMPTOMS LASTED 2 DAYS ... JINKIES ! FORTUNATELY FOR ME , MY YI DID GO AWAY AFTER THE USE OF THIS TORMENTING TREATMENT , BUT I WILL NEVER USE MONISTAT 1 AGAIN ... USE AT YOUR OWN RISK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Like many others , I too recommend staying as FAR AWAY as possible from this product !!! Long story short , my lady parts were n't feeling too good and I felt the dreaded yeast infection coming on . Purchased this product thinking a 1-day fix would be better than 3 or 7 days of OTC relief and meds . After inserting the ovule , a few hours later I was in horrible pain ! My entire nether-regions were BURNING !!! I could n't sleep , could hardly sit , was extremely swollen and had to resort to sleep with an ice pack between my legs . I kid you not , I felt like I had just given birth to another child ... sans the epidural.Finally , 48 hours and 2 doctors visits later , I am finally feeling somewhat normal . Not 100 % , but I 'm sure I 'll be feeling much better once the Diflucan kicks in.Had I read these reviews beforehand , I defintely would NOT have purchased the 1-day quick fix . I 've used the 7-day treatment before and have never experienced a reaction like this . Never again will I use this product ... I 'm heading straight to the doc !!!
 I 've used the Equate version in 3 day and 7 day . i got lazy and decided I wanted an ovule that would stick so i could stay up a few hours before bed to study -LRB- I 'm in the middle of finals -RRB- and i was staying at a friend 's house to study the whole week and I just did n't wan na deal with it . . BIG MISTAKE.This one did n't give me a reaction , it just did n't clear it up , and made it worse . I applied the treatment , and the symptoms were gone in 3 days . I was like sweet . I paid 20 bucks , and that 's what I should get for 20 bucks . But on day 4 a little itching and discharge -LRB- side note
 I have never had a yeast infection before but after recognizing the symptoms and trying -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- to get in with my doctor to get a perscription i decided it would be better to try something otc than to wait for the infection to get worse , this was a huge mistake . I got the monistat 1 combo pack and followed the directions exactly as they said and climbed into bed , about an hour later i was awakened with the most intense itching of my life , i immediately got up and tried to wipe as much of the product off as possible , unfortunately the contact and friction created an intense burning sensation that now , 2 hours later , has yet to subside . i am a bit of a hypochondriac and due to the reaction i was having assumed something was seriously wrong and read the directions and warnings repeatedly while teetering on the verge of a panic attack . when the information provided was not satisfying my questions i went online to search and see if i needed to go to the ER -LRB- while i am a hypochondriac , i really feel that the severity of the side effects were truly intense enough that going to the ER would seem like being smart and playing it safe -RRB- what i found online were hundreds of reviews describing a similar reaction to the one i am having , not only this but the women said they infection was often not cured and that some contracted a BV because this product threw there body so thoroughly out of whack . i am disgusted that they put this on the shelves of stores without a proper warning about the possibility of this level of pain . it seems absolutely irresponsible to me that this type of treatment is available when there are common allergies and common experiences of incredible pain . it is now past 4 am and i doubt i will be able to get back to sleep tonight because of the side effects . Thanks Monistat !
 so its 2:51 am and the only reason i am up is because I took Monisat 1 and i can not sleep due to the horrible burning sensation `` downstairs '' I really wish i would have read the reviews before I bought this product . The ONLY thing soothing to me right now is the fact that so many other women had just as bad of an experience as im having so it probably means i dont have some horrible disease that i thought i might have.I had been feeling some mild discomfort earlier in the day -LRB- itching , some skin irratiation and i noticed the cottage cheese like discharge -LRB- no smell -RRB- so i concluded that it was a yeast infection although ive never had one before i did some research of my symptons online and they recommended the 3 day treatment but my local drugstore didnt have it so I opted for this instead because i didnt want the hassle of the 7day = WORST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE!I just pray this pain goes away by morning . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 this product produces the WORST BURNING PAIN that you will ever experience it will wake you up at night and you will curse yourself for buying the 1 day stuff and will be frantically trying to wash all of it out to no avail . please do yourself a favor and DO NOT USE THIS !!! OUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! soso terrible . the yeast ifection felt better than this crap !!!!
 I am going to echo the others in the burning , itching , my parts are on fire comments . I am fair skinned and have never had such a reaction to this type of product . Took it at 10pm and it is now 3am and it is still burning after I have showered & cleaned out as much of this crazy concoction as possible . I have had yeast infections all my life , so I know I did n't self diagnose incorrectly . Too bad I did n't read reviews before being dazzled by a sale expecting relief from the really tame itching/burning sensation compared to my current condition . I will also echo another comment that the five/seven day treatments are definitely recommended choices . I did forget that my doctor also recommended that type of treatment . I wo n't forget again .
 Eight hours ago I was standing in the feminine health aisle of my local grocery store reading reviews on my Amazon.com app.Like many here I decided that the promise of fast relief from a yeast infection induced by use of antibiotics -LRB- 500 mg of Flagyl 2x a day for 7 days to treat BV -RRB- and the equal amount of positive to negative reviews meant that the product Monistat 1 Triple Action with Cooling Wipes was worth trying.It is now 6:02 a , I 've been up for about an hour - first tossing and turning , then getting up to get a towel to wipe the excess off of my vulva in the hopes that the irritation and itching would subside if I did , then getting a cooling wipe , then another cooling wipe , then peeing in agony when the burning inside of my vagina went aflame , then scratching myself with the roughness of a hand towel until my vulva swelled , finally getting into the shower , turning the shower head on the most aggressive setting and blasting cool/lukewarm water on and into my vagina to remove the excess product and get some relief.I have only ever had this suffering with a yeast infection once - and I landed in the ER because I did n't know what was happening to me . In two hours I will be sitting in a doctor 's office again - begging for Diflucan OR back in the grocery store for the three or seven day treatment and some cool plain yogurt to soothe my poor kitten.I took the risk that I would suffer as much as the other reviewers who negatively rated this product.Please - do n't be a hero , if there is a chance that this product will , like clockwork , make you feel like you are trapped inside your body while your vagina is burning and itching you to near death just do n't do it.There are enough terrible accounts that I should have known better.I am going through this as I type and writing this because honestly I ca n't believe this product is still available on the market and if this will help sway one person who is reading these reviews looking for fast relief from a YI - well , I really hope my entry to the Monistat 1 Hell Diaries will penetrate your mind . *** EDIT *** 10:05 a - I 've just woken up . I was able to fall asleep again around 6:30 a after I got off the computer.Most of my extreme symptoms of itching and burning have resided , my vulva is still slightly irritated.I have a feeling Ill be back to normal by tomorrow morning , YI free.I think it does work effectively but again on the offchance that you may suffer for a span of a few or several hours - that is not worth fast relief to me.I am 28 years old , this is my third yeast infection of my life -LRB- the last 4 years ago -RRB- .
 This past monday I awoke w / a slight irritation and since I 've been getting yeast infections since before I lost my virginity I was sure what it is . The same day I went and purchased thr monistat 1 and inserted it while at work . An hour later my vagina was inflamed !! I had TWO sleepless nites until I finally called my ob/gyn and made an appt . I was seen on thursday and yes I still had the itching and irritation . Not to mention my private area was swollen . The dr told me to NEVER buy the 1 day treatment and prescribed terazole 3 day treatment . I 'm on my 2nd day and the swelling has gone day and less iritation . I still have minor itching but nothing compared to what I experienced w / monistat 1 . My best advice is to NEVER try the monistat 1 day or night EVER ! It made my life a living hell !
 I am in extreme pain . I took the product at 11 and around 1:30 the pain began . I got in the bath attempting to scrub as much as I could but i 'm still in extreme pain . I do not recomend this product to anyone . I had a mild infection so maybe this was a little too strong of medicine but still they need a better warning than `` mild burning . . '' because trust me , this is not mild . I am already feeling a bit better though so I hoping the burning MONISTAT created will go away and I will be back to my own mild pain . SERIOUSLY do n't use this unless you are already in extreme burning pain because you most likely will be . Theres no doubt that it probably will kill the infection - but this pain ISNT worth it . . not now , not ever . I emailed monistat , not that i will get a reply , but there really needs to be a different warning label because this is EXTREMELY uncomfortable . Its almost three now , and although I feel a bit better I 'm still most likely going to see the doctor tomorrow to make sure I have not damaged my body.I 'm 20 and very healthy so I really do n't think it 's me . If your going to use it BE CAREFUL AND AWARE , but I 100 % do not recommend it !!
 I purchased this product after a round of antibiotics had given me a mild yeast infection . I inserted the product and went to bed . I woke up the next morning with little to no problems . As I was on my way to work , I began to feel and INTENSE ITCH AND BURN . I began scratching like a dog with fleas . I suffered through my work day with repeated trips to the restroom -LRB- embarrassing -RRB- ! I tried using the cream they provided for some relief ; however , that just made things worse . I has been TWO DAYS since I used this product and I am still dealing with the intense itch . I 'm heading to the Dr. to get a Diflucan Rx ... I 'll definately be contacting the company about a refund . I WILL NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN !
 I wanted to just `` get it over with '' and not deal with a 3 or 7 day treatment , so I paid $ 20 for this junk , and it absolutely did n't work . Thankfully I did n't have to deal with the excruciating burning that some other reviewers mentioned , but I was a little uncomfortable . Not only did it not cure the infection , it did n't even help a little , it actually got much worse over night while I had the treatment in . I had to go out and buy the three day treatment anyway . If I could I 'd only give this a half star or NO stars . It 's too expensive and does n't work .
 I used this because I figured one day was better than 3 which was better than 7 days of treatment . I have had very few yeast infections in my life but why suffer through more treatment time than you have to ... Well NOW I know . I used this and was up with some SEVERE discomfort , itching , burning that was like 100 times worse than the actual yeast infection symptoms . I wish someone would have told me -LRB- or I 'd have read some reviews -RRB- before using . Do yourself a favor and stick with the 3 or 7 day treatment !
 Bottom line - it 's just not worth it . Use the 3 or 7 day versions instead!I , like others on this site , wish I had read these reviews before trying this product . I have a yeast infection , and in the past used the 3 and 7 day Monistat products with very positive results . This , however , is awful . I put it in before bed , used the cream -LRB- to hopefully get better sleep -RRB- , and within a few minutes I felt the burning and increased itching . I immediately took a shower , hoping to wash it all off . I 'm not sure if that 's the reason , but I began to feel better and went to sleep . Well , it 's just a few hours later into the night , and I woke up to the intense burning and itching again . I again hopped in the shower , and am feeling a bit better . I can only wonder how many times I 'll need to play this game while the product runs through my system .
 My doctor had diagnosed me with a yeast infection . Sooo ... I decided to give it this stuff a shot . I have never written a review , but I was checking to see if others had experienced what I am experiencing , and to my horror they were . I ca n't say that I have experienced the itching , because ... itching was terrible to begin with . However , I am on day 3 and I am still experiencing the burning . Honestly , feels like I am recovering from child birth . The inside of my vagina is red , and feels like I have scratches lining the inside . It also left a weird texture and their is severe pain with penetration . No happy hubby or wife for that matter . Please do not use this , if you are one of the lucky ones , great . But I would n't risk it.Oh yeah , I have never had a reaction to anything like this before . I 'm 9 wks pregnant with my second child . If I could have rated this a ZERO I would have ! They need to take this off the market !!!
 Yeast came back , now I have a secondary infection as well , and may be growing monastat-resistant yeast . * shudder * I got a yeast infection over the weekend and did n't want to wait until Monday to get Diflucan from my doctor . Bought this product , as the infection was n't so bad that I thought it warranted the 3 or 7 day versions . Boy was I wrong . I experienced burning with the cream , but not the insert , then a week later my symptoms started to come back slowly . First I noticed pain & burning with -LRB- attempted -RRB- intercourse , then discomfort when bike riding.I went back to the doctor 1 1/2 weeks after first using this product , and she says * no one * should use the 1-day treatment because it 's ineffective , and you can breed monastat-resistant yeast inside you , just like growing antibiotic resistant bacteria inside you when you do n't finish the full course of antibiotics . Is this your total nightmare ? Because now it 's mine!No thanks to the 1-day product , I have a bacterial infection now , as well as yeast still . Now I 'm on Diflucan and antibiotics . This is taking way more money & time to clear up than even the 7-day treatment would have taken.Listen to my doctor and do n't use the `` 1-day '' treatment .
 I wo n't buy this product again because it does n't work any faster than the three day dose , and a couple of times now my yeast infection came back after a few days . It seems to get better for a week and then come back . I think this happened once before , but then I forgot and bought it again and the same thing happened . I did n't have the pain that other people have reported though .
 Just like the other reviews i read , i read them after i used this product and im up at 2 am with the worst pains ever . I had to wake up and take a azo yeast infection tablet . Thank God i bought azo with this monistat suppository because if not i wouldve suffered for God knows when . Trust me and trust the other 57 people when they tell u this product is too strong and be prepared with azo yeast tablets and or yogurt if u still want to purchase it .
 I have used Monistat products before with much success . Mind you I RARELY write reviews . THIS IS A NIGHTMARE !!!!!! It is 11:25 p.m. and I am burning like crazy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I normally go with 3 days but thought this would have been more effective and obviously quicker -LRB- WISH I HAD READ THE REVIEWS -RRB- . It has only been burning since 10 minutes after I put it in ! The product also says that it stays inside which was clearly a lie ! THIS WAS MESSIER THAN THE REGUALR MONISTAT CREAM !!! It gets everywhere it was a good thing I was wearing lounge clothing and did not try during the day ! I surely would have died ! NEVER WILL I TRY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN AND IT YOU LOVE YOUR VAGINA AT ALL STAY AWAY AND STICK WITH SOMETHING MUCH MORE MILD !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Very displeased and this should be discontinued FOREVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : - -LRB- I am 23 years old , Female , African American , with no known allegeries other than cats.I ensured my hands were cleaned and dried throughly before insertion . Very healthy , take vitamins , and drink plenty of water -LRB- this info migh help someone -RRB- . Update
 I had a mild yeast infection a few days before our annual family reunion in the summer . I 've taken Monistat 3 in the past with no problems in the past , but I wanted to knock it out quickly , so I opted for Monistat1 Day or Night . I 'm fairly sure this might have been the worst decision I have made in my life thus far.If you 're reading these reviews thinking that all of these women are being drama queens , I beg you , please do NOT be stubborn and insert this ovule of torture inside you . Do not play with fire . If you do , you 'll realize exactly why I chose the previous phrase.Within 10 minutes of insertion , I literally felt as though my vagina was on fire . It was hands down the most excruciating burning sensation I have felt on ANY part of my body . The pain does not compare to anything else ; seriously , my 5 hour sinus surgery/turbinate reduction/rhinoplasty/septoplasty -LRB- in which my nose was broken in 2 places and the entire tip of it was reconstructed -RRB- was a walk in the freaking park compared to this . In fact , I would have willingly broken my nose again if it meant that I could stop my vagina from feeling as though it was being cooked from the inside out.This product actually brought me to tears . I did everything I could to try to get every bit it out of my body . I 'll spare you the details , but I will say that at one point I was so desperate , irrational , and overcome with pain that I started jumping up and down in the bathroom in an attempt to have gravity assist me . I wound up putting ice cubes in a zip lock bag , pillow underneath my butt , legs propped open in an attempt to get some relief and a few hours of sleep . Neither one of those were attained that night.I will admit that my yeast infection was gone after using Monistat1 Day or Night , but after inserting something that could be compared to battery acid up your vagina , I would pretty much expect that to be the end result .
 I just wanted to add I am another victim to the painful burning sensation . This product is horrible . I wo n't be lazy next time and not call my doctor . NEVER AGAIN !
 This was the worst product I have ever used . I have had a yeast infection once before and treated it with Monostat 3 with no problems . Opting for the easy way out this time I decided to use Monostat 1 . Absolutely . Never Again . An hour after I used it I was in class attempting to find a position that would put the least pressure on my fiery vagina . It was like someone had lit a bonfire in my pants ; I have never experienced burning this bad . The yeast infection was NOTHING compared to this . As soon as I could I hobbled back to my room and attempted to best position myself in a tiny shower so as to clean this stuff out of me . This is a horrible , sadistic product . Avoid this at all costs .
 I 've used other products without much difficulty , but when I tried this one-day treatment I felt about 10 times worse than when dealing with just the infection . I had constant , insufferable burning sensations and pain and itchiness that was so much worse than the yeast infection I was trying to fix . I will never , ever use this product ever again , and advise all my girlfriends against using it . If you check out the the ingredients list one of the inactive ingredients is stearyl alcohol , which after reading made me suspicious . Who wants to put alcohol down there ? But when I looked it up in the material safety data sheet -- a list of all chemical compounds , their known interactions and properties -- it was listed as a skin irritant ! This is insane ! Who puts a skin irritant in something thats going on some of the most sensitive skin ? Gaa ! By the way , it 's been days and the burning has still not gone away . Thank you Monistat for making my life more miserable . I will be switching to a non-Monistat brand for future infections . If I could give a negative five stars , I would .
 I read many of the reviews for this product the day after I used this to see if it worked for other people or if I was alone in my experience . I suppose I 'm not . I actually did n't experience any of the intense burning that many of the other reviewers did , but that 's probably because I chose to use it during the day and a lot of it came out , despite the product 's claim that it is an effective treatment when used during the day . And what product may have remained in the body did n't seem to work even after I gave it a few days to kick in . I was a little miffed at being out -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks and did n't want to give Monistat anymore of my money , but the only brand my local store had for YI was Monistat , so the second time around I opted for the regular 1-day treatment -LRB- the kind that does n't say day or night on it -RRB- and I have to admit it worked beautifully . So if you originally chose this product to avoid the hassle of multiple treatments , then you may want to choose the regular 1-day treatment the next time around . Unless you 're too ticked to buy Monistat again at all , which after reading some of your experiences I think is perfectly understandable.Oh , and I wanted to pass on a tip that I found to be extremely effective
 I too , want to warn other women ... I woke up swollen in the genital area . Very swollen , with a lot of pain that lasted 2 days . Upon research , I found that there are forums full of women complaining about bad reactions to Monistat 1 day . There should be heavy warning labels telling about the many women suffering after using this product , or better yet , the product should be removed completely . I hope that other women heed my warning , as well as others , and not take chances with this product ! ** note that I have used Monistat 7 on occasion for many years with no problems .
 About four months ago I was experiencing a mild yeast infection , and , in a stroke of laziness that I will never forget and forever rue , I decided to try the Monistat 1-Day Ovule instead of the 3 - or 7-day kits . I inserted the ovule before bed , and the next day I woke up with the worst sensation of burning and itching that I 've EVER experienced . Just sitting at my desk at work felt like torture , and going to the bathroom was absolutely excruciating because the entire area was so swollen with the irritation . It took about four days for the swelling to subside completely , and that whole time I was still beyond sore and itchy ; it took a prescription of diflucan to knock out all of the symptoms completely . At first I thought maybe I was among the minority in this reaction , but a quick Google search and perusal of online reviews revealed that this problem seems to be fairly common with this product . If you care at all about your vagina 's comfort , then I 'd strongly encourage you to not waste the $ 20 - $ 25 -- stick with the milder , more extended treatments , or just go see your doctor for a prescription !
 before I bought this worthless garbage product . I had a mild yeast infection , now three days later I have an ENRAGED one .
 I bought this thinking it would speed up the process getting rid of my yeast infection . I was dead wrong ! I wish I would have read the reviews before I even bought this stuff . I too initially had a burning sensation . About 36 hours later I started to feel a little different , so I thought this medicine was a get worse before it gets better type of medicine . Using this only prolonged the treatment of my yeast infection . Like many other reviews , I too had to use another ` regular ' cream to treat the yeast infection , despite the use of this one a day . Save yourself time , money , and aggravation by using something like 3 day or 7 day .
 I should have paid attention to the reviews and not use this product . I have used other monistat products with no problems , but this one is terrible . I had the most intense burning I have ever felt and it has lasted for more than 12 hours . It is also very messy and not a good idea for use during the day . I do n't typically write reviews but I am writing this one in case I can save someone from the intense burning that I 've suffered .
 LADIES/SISTERS ! faster is not always better . i wanted to cry , scream and slap somebody . majority wins , go with 3 or more days !
 Last night thinking I might have a yeast infection I went to Walgreens . After spending several minutes looking I decided to buy MONISTAT 1 . BIG MISTAKE ! HUGE MISTAKE !!!! I came home inserted the ovule then got on the computer and started researching Monistat just to see if I had made the right choice . OMG , there was review after review on hundreds of web sites about the negative side effects . I was skeptic and thought it ca n't be that bad so I left the ovule in and went to bed . About 2 hours later I woke up with the worst burning in my huha that I have ever had in my life !!! I tried to sleep with my legs open and washed with cold water . Being an idiot I went work and suffered a few hours before calling MONISTAT . They acted like this was normal and no big deal and told me to use cold packs and it might go away in a few days ! WTF , my huha is going to be burning like it had been saturated in battery acid and cayenne pepper for 3 days !!!! ARE THEY CRAZY ? I ended up having to go to the Dr. they had to give me a steroid shot . I will warn every female I come in contact with DO NOT USE MONISTAT1 and please warn all the females you know . I 'm really worried about the long term side effects . I totally agree with the 1000 's of other women who have had the same experience , this stuff should be pulled from the shelves and ban !
 As some users have noted there are two Monistat 1 products the day / night and the 1 day . I do n't care which one you buy DO N'T use it . I did the 1 day combo that included external vulvar itch cream and cool wipes . I inserted it at 11 pm and topped it off with the cream on the outer areas as instructed . Was awakes by 2:30 with burning pain and the worse case of itching I have ever encountered anywhere on my body . Now here I am night two using just the cream and the same thing ... excessive itching its so bad I almost want to run to ER but am trying to hold off til morning to avoid long ER wait since this may not seem urgent to ER docs . Bottom line is those of you who are considering this product please do n't buy it total waste of $ 23 ... smh
 I 've had yeast infections before , once or twice a yr ... and let me tell you i would rather suffer from the intense itching than the unbearable burning i am currently suffering with , not to mention the inflammation . I hardly recognize my woman parts ! I am currently sitting on an ice pack and just walking around is a task . I will never again buy this product , i would most definitely use a whole weeks worth each night to avoid this whole experience . In the past i have used apple cider vinegar to cure my infections but it did n't work this time which is why i went this route . And i regret it !
 Ok , I have a pretty high pain tolerance but this is insane ! It itches and burns 100 times worse than my actual yeast infection . I 'm here laying down suffering quietly so no one else in the house can here but this is sooo ridiculous ! I read that box and those instructions like 12 times and not once did they mention suffering like this . I 've used Monistat 1 before , but I 've never experienced torture like this . Get the three day formula or even the seven day , just do n't ever buy this product unless you enjoy unbearable pain and discomfort !! I 'm not sure if it will work , but it better for pain like this ...
 Ok so first of all I have never had a yeast infection since I was a young girl -LRB- which I do n't remember very much -RRB- so once I started having itching and irratation `` down there '' I was freaking out ! I am married so other things ran through my mind ! -LRB- if you know what i mean -RRB- Anyway after talking to a few people they knew ... hey you have a yeast infection ... so I called the doctor to see if he could call me something in , but the nurse suggested I use something OTC first ! So to my surprise they had a one day deal ! To any women the sooner you can get rid of the yeast infection the better RIGHT ??? ... well ladies I was wrong ! The yeast infection itself before any medication was much more bare able then about 2 hours after I inserted the ovule ! I felt like my vagina went to HELL & back ! I have never in my life had that much burning pain ! It 's been about 4 hours now since I have put it in & the burning sensation is still there ... not as bad though until I use the bathroom & I guess it 's because your squeezing more of the medicine out when you pee ! I 'm dreading going to the bathroom now ! Ladies seriously beware of this stuff ! I know a one day solution sounds better but seriously do not take the risk go with the 3 day ! It 's so not worth the agonizing pain ! I will be getting my money back that 's for sure !
 Alright so I had started out with a pretty bad infection and I wanted to get fast relief . Well this item was not the way to go . I do n't know why , but everyone is right . When I first used the Monistat n checked out reviews I was really taken back by all the negative experiences people had . I figured these people were all just exaggerating and being drama queens . I gave this item almost 3 days before I concluded that it just was n't doing its job . I felt no better and I was really annoyed . So I went out and got the 7 day after peeking many reviews anddddd after just one treatment I feel much better . I 'm so relieved . So , my advice is DONT go for the 1 day ! Do 7 day !
 Worst treatment ever ! Never this much itching ! Nothing could relieve the amount of burning . I felt a slight uncomfortable itch but after this product I just wanted cry .
 I have taken the regular monistat 1before and tried the night and day thinking it would be better ... Huge misconception on mh part . within a couple hours of using it i was awoken with the worst itching/burning pain . Ny first reaction was tht something was trying to get out ... odd i know but again j was woken up from the pain . after reading the reviews on here and other sites i decided to try to releive the pain by douching . i had some genec cleansing non scented stuff . not even the part of ducking delta good . you know normally its no big deal , this time it was n't pleasant and i could n't empty the bottle quick enou fgh . But after douching was done i felt so much better . i then made the mistake of using vaginal extra strength no itch . my first reaction was i ca n't blow on this to make it sting less . it BURNED ! I had to jump in the bath and rinse it all off.So my lesson learned .1 -RRB- monistat 1 day and night sucks monkey balls2 -RRB- douchong with a non scented formula is amazing3 -RRB- do Not use vaginal on the outside ... . it burns like fire
 I woke up at 2 in the morning in agony . I rushed to take a shower . As other women have stated it does help and I was able to fall back to sleep . The next day when I woke , all the symptoms were gone , except my down-below burned horribly . Typically that goes along with a yeast infection , but I knew this was different . I had gotten a chemical burn from the medication . Baby therapy ointment was the only relief . Does Monistat 1 work ? Yes , but there 's a bigger price than just the 20 dollars .
 Holy burning lady parts ! Did they test this product ? I have been up for hours burning AFTER use . This is ridiculous . DO NOT buy this product !!!
 I 've attempted to use this brand several times with no results . The external cream burns like no ones business and although the very expensive ovule stays in place , any other type just falls right out . I refuse to buy Monistat ever again .
 I have been suffering from yeast infections for the past 10 years . They have gotten more frequent over the past 3 years . I have diagnosed myself many times and have also went to the doctor . I KNOW when I have a yeast infection . I normally do a generic 3 day treatment , but have tried 1 day , 3 day , 5 day and 7 day in generic and name brand . Of all the medications I have used this was by far the worst ! 3 days later I ended up buying a generic 3 day treatment to cure the yeast infection . I had a terrible reaction . I had itching , burning , abdominal pain and intense swelling . I actually thought I had a cyst or tumor ! I have had 3 children and multiple surgeries including a laparoscopy to remove a softball sized cyst on my ovary . I do n't ever take the prescribed pain meds . I have a high pain tolerance , but this medicine made me miserable . It hurt to walk , sit down and to use the bathroom . The worst part is it did n't even cure the infection . Save your money !
 This is the most horrible treatment ever !!! Do not use . I am sitting in my work bathroom wriggling and damn near tears as I type . Everything on this product is a lie . Its not good for daytime and does not provide instant relief . For the first hour , it was fine but right after that the unbelievable vajayjay torture began . That was about 3 hrs ago and I still feel like my coochie is on fire from the inside out . I should have read the reviews BEFORE and not AFTER .
 I will echo many of the other reviews and say that I do n't normally write reviews but I feel I must to warn women about this product.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCTI had a similar experience to many of the other reviewers for this product . The most excruciating itching and burning I have ever known . I 'm not sure who thought it was a good idea to put a product with such negative side effects on the shelf but I 'd like to see THEM use it . I 'm convinced this product was developed by a man . Tossing and turning all night and barely able to sit at my desk the next day is not worth the convenience of a one day application . I will NEVER use this product again as it seem so counter productive to go through itching and burning light years beyond the symptoms of the actual yeast infection itself.WRETCHED !
 Do yourself And your private parts a favour . Get the three day treatment . I literally felt like I was going to rip myself apart . Never ever again !
 i bought this product and a couple hours later am having an allergic reaction to it . I encourage everyone to write the company and tell them about their experience and to never use monistate products again . chose a different brand that actually has concern for their customers . I am bumming i paid money to have this discomfort . oh did i mention it is three AM ... grrrrr
 I 've had a yeast infection before and usually take the Monistat 7 . Sent hubby to the store and he came back with Monistat 1 , ticonazole 300 mg -LRB- 6.5 % -RRB- . Instead of having it returned , I just took it . I inserted it about 8-9 pm . I woke up at 1 am and have been up for two hours with a very uncomfortable vagina . Extreme soreness , burning , hot feeling . It 's slowly starting to subside but not worth the lost sleep and anguish . As another reviewer stated , I am calling Monistat directly to get my money back . I will stick with the 7 day treatment .
 I used monistat because , like most everyone else , I wanted relief without the hassle of the doctor 's office . That was the biggest mistake of my life . The good reviews for this product say , `` the product WARNS about the burning ! '' Does that make it okay ? I 've never had an STD before , but I imagine this is the burning feeling they 're talking about . I do n't know what about , `` I 'm suffering from itching due to a yeast infection , '' made Monistat think that BURNING would be better . I never expected that the burning would be so horrible . Furthermore , I think I was one of those unfortunate yeast infections that Monistat could n't cure . So I suffered the burning for nothing - and still had to go to the doctor 's office . If you do n't want to trust the reviews , that 's your own opinion . I just wish I had read them before I made the mistake of buying it . Use at your own risk .
 Just imagine a wire brush you know where . Excruciating burning and itching . Stick to the 3 day to be on the safe side .
 On Saturday night I had burning and knew that I had a yeast infection . I sent my husband to get Monistat 1 . I had never used it before but I had good results from 7 and 3 . I inserted Monistat 1 and within two hours I was on fire with the worst burning I had ever felt in my life . I never slept that night because I went to the drugstore for a douche . I had to get it out of me immediately before damage was done . After douching 2-3 times , the burning lessened and I was finally able to sleep by 7am . The next day I was still burning from this experience . Finally the next night it stopped . Very scary . I am still left with a yeast infection but I am going to the doctor tomorrow . Please do not use this product .
 This is the worst product for yeast infections . It will burn your insides . My ob-gyn confirmed they have heard a lot of negative feedback from their patients .
 Why did n't I read the reviews before I bought this ? I 've been on strong antibiotics for 10 days and was not surprised when the itching started . I decided to get Monistat 1 to get it over with - BIG MISTAKE !!! Inserted the ointment at 10:30 pm and went to sleep . I woke up at 3:30 in excruciating , burning pain ! Now it 's 9 am and I 'm still in agony . Had to call in sick . My vagina is literally inside out because it is so swollen ! I should have called for Diflucan like I usually do . Praying for relief-soon !
 So first off , I have to say that this product did get rid of my yeast infection . I woke up yesterday and knew I had a yeast infection so I schlepped over to my local pharmacy and saw Monistat 1 , 3 , and 7 . I noticed that Monistat 1 said you could take it day or night so I figured I 'd get a head start on this thing and treat it as soon as I got home . All was well until about and hour after I inserted the ovule . Holy freaking vagina pain ! I could barely take care of my 2 year old . I had to park her in front of the TV with DVRed episodes of Mickey Mouse Clubhouse so I could keep running to the bathroom to deal with my burning and itching vajay . After a few hours and after taking Advil and using Cortizone 10 the pain started to subside . Now this morning I do n't have any symptoms of having a yeast infection , so I know the Monistat knocked it out . Was it worth the discomfort HECK NO ! Next time , just get the 3 day or 7 day treatment . I 've never had a problem with those products .
 Like many other posters , I am writing this review because I wish I had read some others before buying this product . In fact , I inserted the medicine about 6 hours ago and am now experiencing the most excruciating burning and itching of my life ! I am extremely uncomfortable and I certainly wo n't be getting any sleep tonight . I hope that I do n't end up like some of the other posters with symptoms that are worse than the original yeast infection and end up having to go to the doctor anyway . I 've had success with other Monistat products , so I thought I 'd give this one a try as well ... but do n't do it .
 I really have nothing to add that has n't already been said in the reviews , but I am APPALLED that this product is still on the market . My insides felt like they were on fire . NEVER BUY THIS !! If you 're like me and are sitting here reading horrible reviews AFTER using Monistat 1 , hang in there . For me , the intense burning lasted about 2-3 hours ... which is awful enough , but there is an end in sight .
 I had not only set my entire vagina on fire but decided to sandpaper off all my skin in the nether regions and proceed to wash salt water over it , while having the inside of my uterus ripped out ... Do you think this would feel good ??? Most crippling pain I have EVER experienced . I spent half an hour crying in pain , motionless on my bathroom floor . Thank god I had leftover Vicodin from a surgery months ago . It took two pills to go from excruciating pain into a hot burning sensation that persisted for the next day . If I did not have prescription pain killers leftover I would have called my friend to drive me to the ER . I put up with pain fairly well ... but this was like nothing I had ever experienced . Ladies PLEASE DO NOT use this product . This medication needs a warning sign ... unbelievable .
 At this very moment I am laying in bed living the Monistat 1 nightmare ! Do NOT buy this product ! I have two children and during both pregnancies I developed a yeast infection . My OB had me use Monistat 7 day because I was pregnant at the time . Safer for the baby . So I did and it worked fine , no issues . Well just last week I was sick and I was taking an antibiotic . I developed a yeast infection . My daughter is 4 yrs old and my son is 3 months old and feeds every hour-and-a half ... point is , I do n't sleep and I 'm exhausted , so I decided to take Monistat 1 since I stopped breast feeding and obviously no longer pregnant . What a mistake !!!!!!! I applied the `` insert '' at about 10:30 pm , just before bed . I woke up about 1:00 am to extreme burning and itching . Like , painful !! I jumping out of bed and called my mother in law and asked her if this was normal , which obviously by these reviews it is , and she said she was n't sure but to try to wash it out by spraying the shower head between my legs . I also sprayed water using the bottle the hospital gives you after child birth to `` clean '' yourself down there . Thank goodness I kept it !! It definitely helped . I could n't get it all out but the cool water helped relieve the burning and itching ! I sprayed water for about 20 minutes . After drying , I wattled my way to the kitchen for an icepack because my vagina felt kinda sore from the pain . I wrapped it in a towel , got into bed and held it between my thighs . At this very moment , the burning / itching is gone but now it feels like a warm tingle -LRB- it 's kinda nice -RRB- . I seriously hope the worst is over . It was awful . I just kept saying to my mother in law `` It burns so bad . I just want it out . '' I ca n't sleep because of the crap Monistat just put me through , so I 'm writing this review in hopes NO ONE else will waste their hard earned money on this cruel cure . Wish I had read these reviews before going to the market . Smh . This definitely gets rid of the yeast infection itch but that 's nothing in comparison ! This `` warm tingle '' was NOT worth it !
 My doctor told me never to use the one day yeast infection treatments . He said to use five or seven day treatments only . He said that he has seen many poor patients calling him , in terrible discomfort after taking this medicine . It is too harsh and the infection comes back worse than ever . Five day treatment is a happy medium . You will feel better after two days or so and the rest of the medicine will keep it away .
 OKAY . So I developed a yeast infection when I started taking antibiotics this week . Do n't tell me it is not a yeast infection because I took two home-tests and have had many in the past . I 'm in my 20 's and have never been allergic to any medicine and have never even broken out in a rash until this devil medicine.I went out and bought the one day hoping to clear it up quickly . THEN I read the reviews . I thought everyone was being dramatic , but guess what - an hour after I used it I was in a TON of pain . It started off as a mild itching but turned into an unbearable itching burning sensation . After two hours I could n't handle it and used water to try and rinse it out . -LRB- you do n't even want to know how I got it all out . -RRB- I then sat there with an ice pack to get the burning to stop . I have never written a review and thought everybody was just exaggerating , but I will never use this product again and will tell everyone I know to avoid it . JUST USE THE THREE DAY ! It takes longer but is not super intense . I wish I had not tried to rush the treatment and do the one day.And lastly - if you are one of the few blessed ones who did not have a reaction , then you have a vagina of steel . congratulations .
 MY Word , this was by far the worst thing I ever did to my self . I can not even believe that I put myself through this . I always read reviews . ALWAY . However , twice this week I have messed up and paid for it . After having a allergic reaction to KY her -LRB- I guess my kitten does n't like the menthol -RRB- , I developed a yeast infection . yes I am sensitive . I have used Monistat 3 and no issues . I have never ever felt so much pain in my life . After about 1 hr after application , I could n't stay out the bathroom more then 5 minutes . Could barely sit down and had to insert my finger to rid my V of most of the cream . It was horrible . I am embarrassed . I have never written an Amazon review and am quite sad that this had to be my 1st one . NEVER AGAIN ... They should take it off the shelf . It is not worth the pain at all!Doesn ' t deserve 1 star !
 I too am experiencing a burning after using this product . I have tried to get as much of it out as possible and seems to be better for now . But I know it is going to be a long night . I will never use it again ... I mean NEVER ! Before using it I had a mild yeast infection and had taken difluican for 3 days and waited several days after that and still had the infection . But after using this product my vagina is so red and irratied its not even funny . My only relieve right now is a cold soda can against it . I know sounds wild but it is working . Now I can only pray that the burning goes away and the infection . DO NOT USE THIS AT ALL ... the infection is so much better than this !
 Do n't buy this and save your 20 bucks you will spend at the local drug store . I was crying and in excruciating pain after seeking relief from the yeast infection . I had to go the emergency room at 11am at night because the itching inside was unbearable . I never have negative reactions to medicines and this was the first time . I was given an alternative at the hospital and felt immediate relief . Save your money . Go to the doctor , get diagnosed to make sure it is a yeast infection or seek another medication . I will NEVER try this again or recommend Monistat 1 .
 It is 5:19 in the morning and I have never felt pain like this before severe burning I feel lightheaded I do not know what to do . Please ladies do not make the same mistake I did and buy this product . I feel sick and as soon as my doctor is at the office I am heading over there right away . The pain is literally intolerable .
 I wanted to clean my hubbies ears and when this product arrives it turned out that it is not for use , just a fun article ... was disappointed !
 Not my feet I 'm afraid , these hit the trash after two days of basically having my toes stuck to roof of my shoes.Pain . . still there in fact more so .
 I do not like this touch up roller . It scrapes on the carpet and does a lousy job of picking up the link etc that shows up on the carpet . I would not recommend .
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 I didnt notice a difference with milk production at all , even though I took most of the bottle as directed .
 I hate to throw cold water on something that might bring relief to pain sufferers . I am definitely among you with Lyme , EBV and other immune system disorders plus chronic bone infection . I 've about been cured of the immune problems with antibiotics for the Lyme and Immune Care 64 -LRB- Google it -RRB- for the EBV -LRB- herpes six mostly -RRB- but the bone infection may still kill me . I looked into EVERYTHING to draw out toxicity and reduce the constant body pain . I tried six different brands of these footpads for three months.I 'm an engineer so I tend to be analytical in all I do . I contacted every company who makes or resells them asking for just one study by a recognized lab showing that the `` brown yucky gunk '' I saw each morning was actually from the body . I gave up . All I received were `` glowing testimonials '' . You can get that with sugar pills from people who are desperate for relief . I finally did my own test . I researched body sweat . I made imitation body sweat with the right salts and other minerals of the body then heated it to body temperature . Dipping these pads into the imitation body sweat generated the same brown gunk.How do they heat the foot to cause it to sweat ? There are three rocks found in nature that emit heat naturally . One is radium . Much exposure to that can kill you . But there is another rock that emits heat and is harmless . Mixed with the bark of the Japanese tree used to make these pads , the rocks heat the soles of your feet as you sleep . The resulting sweat soaks into the pads and causes the bark to turn to brown gooey gunk . If it is really toxins from the body , would someone please tell me of an independent and scientifically recognized laboratory who has tested the results for body toxicity . Please , no testimonials . Every company in this business has plenty of those . But actual lab results ? I have found none and I REALLY looked . And I REALLY wanted these to work to remove the toxicity that was causing me so much pain , but that was finally alleviated by a doctor diagnosing me with Wilson 's Syndrome . I was put on armour thyroid . My metabolism began to work again and detox my body naturally . These pads are like many things . If they truly make you feel better then , by all means , use them . But I know of no scientific evidence that proves they draw out toxicity and I have simulated the process that generates the brown gunk you think is toxicity from your body . Take one pad and put a corner of it into salt water heated to body temperature . You 'll have the brown gunk within minutes .
 I ordered this product along with the testing kit . The company that sent it ouw was Wise Choice Health Inc. . I ordered the 15 element result test with the pads . The pads did turn black and left an awful smell as well as adhesive stuck to the bottom of my foot . I sent out the pad in the ziplock bag inside of the prepaid envelope.I waited 2 weeks and call to see if there was any results . I was informed that it was too early for results and it would take another two weeks.Now a month later I call to see what is going on and they informed me that they did not receive any of my results , and that they have an open envelope with no information and was wondering if it was mine . I am purely discusted at the whole experience.The CTS testing people blamed it on the post office . Wise Choice Health Inc. blamed it on the testing people . Speaking to either company was impossible Customer Service wise . Both Companies would keep trying to speak over you and not listen . It was like pulling teeth to get a word in edgewise . If this is the type of people that are behind these pads and comapny , I do n't see it lasting long . I can not really tell you if the pads work or not since I never received any results . I can tell you there is a big circus act going on over there , and I would save my money . I will never put another penny twards any of product from this company or any company that uses the same testing company . I feel like a victim not a customer . Body Pure means nothing but stress for me !!!!
 Received wrong item ... and for my troubles and having to ship it back , Vitacost offered me 5 % off on a future order ... woo hoo NO THANKS !!!!!!
 I BROUGHT THIS PRODUCT AT A HEALTH STORE FOR 1/2 ITS NORMAL PRICE . WHEN I MIX THIS WITH SPLENDA AND SOME MILK IT TASTE REALLY GOOD . IF I ONLY USE COLD WATER -LRB- 8OZ -RRB- THEN IT TASTE PRETTY BLAND , BUT NOT SO BAD YOU WANT TO THROW UP .
 It does n't work for me . I can get the same results by massaging with my own fingers . A total waste of money .
 I have been using this product for over three weeks , and am yetto see any of its `` potent '' results . I must say it certainly isa good moisturizer , however I do n't think I needed to spend $ 45.00 to get a moisturizer .
 after using this product day by day until finish it ; I can tell you I just waste my money and my time , I have sun spots on my arms that this product did n't clear at all .
 YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND THAT BLEACHING IS ONLY FOR THICK SKIN PEOPLE AND IF YOU HAVE SENSITIVE SKIN AND AVERAGE SKIN , BLEACH WILL HARM YOU BADLY . I KNOW MY MOM USE FOR DARK AGE SPOT HER SKIN GOT RED AND RASH .
 `` Nicknamed the Michael Jackson Cream . '' ???? Just a reminder that , Michael Jackson DID have the skin disease , VITILIGO , which spread beyond the help of make-up - THAT is why he and his dermatologist resorted to using a lightning agent , in order to lighten the remaining dark spots and even out his skin tone .
 I have purchased this product and have been using it exactly the way it 's directed to and I have not seen any results at all ! So please people if you want to waste your money , feel free to order this item , it does not do what it says it does .
 I purchased this item also in combination with the soap for skin brightening . To my surprise , nothing happens either . I am not sure why this products are recommended and do not do any thing as promised.Totally disappointed .
 I 'm a dark skinned African American woman . i ordered the large jar and have been using it for about 7 months . no change at all . this product does n't work .
 I bought this cream with the hope of lightening spots on my skin and overall skin brightening . It was a wasted investment . It is a good moisturizer , that is why it got a star . Every skin is different . MAy be someone else will have better luck with it .
 this product does n't work . as , a matter of fact it increased my acne . Also , this product is greasy , smelly and oily .
 As a person who has struggle all of my life with very sensitive skin and had to go many times to the dermatologist I can tell you by their own opinions that buying any creams at this price is a waste of money . I believe the positive reviews for this product are most likely from individuals associated with the seller.I suffer every year with the dark spots due to the fact that even though I have very sensitive skin and nature is not the best friend for it , I do enjoy it but at the end have to pay the consequences . First , I got the itch and allergies , then I got the dark spots.The only things that have work for me have been prescribed an even then they take their time . I have visited more than 5 different dermatologist during my lifetime and all agree in the same thing ... . nothing , NOTHING over the counter works as well , if at all , better than effective medication and true treatment through very expensive methods most of the time in the dermatologist office.Don ' t waste your money but if you can not afford expensive treatments at the dermatologist office there is a product called Nadinola , very inexpensive that works almost as good as the prescription medication with the same ingredients though one per cent stronger.This people are laughing all the way to the bank and their product does not work any better than similar -LRB- like ambi , porcelana and esoterica -RRB- but less expensive and they know that .
 I 've tried Monistat 3 twice , for two separate yeast infections.The first time I tried it -LRB- maybe 2 years ago -RRB- it worked fine with no issues . Got rid of the infection fast and no side effects . I remember the `` ahh '' feeling of relief when I applied the vulvar cream to my vulva to relieve the itching . Worked quick.I 've had a yeast infection with moderate itching and burning plus the discharge for a few days so I picked up some Monistat 3 at the drugstore . I ran home and used the cream on my vulva to stop the itching , expecting that `` ahh '' once again . Big mistake ! The burning and itching intensified immediately . OMG , so bad . That night , I used the first cream applicator and applied a bit more of the cream , thinking it was some freak reaction . Within moments I was writing on the bed . The combination made me burn and itch so badly ... it was horrible . The cure felt worse than the cause ! But when I woke up this morning , no burning , no itching . I felt good.This evening I used the second application without the external cream . I wanted to make sure I got rid of all the yeast . It still caused intense itching and burning , but not as bad as the first night . I do n't think I 'll take Day 3 . If my infection comes back I 'll just call my doctor for some Diflucan .
 AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!The burning , the itchiness , the sleepless nights , the PAIN ! This horrible stuff is worse than the infection itself . I have never crawled into a bathtub at one in the morning so fast in my life . I could n't wash it out fast enough , it was so horrible . Stay away from it . STAY AWAY !
 It drove me crazier than actually having an yeast infection . It burned so badly , I know it is part of the treatment to feel the burn but it sucked . I rather use tea tree oil .
 Please everyone heed my warning . This stuff is nasty . Three days ago I had mild itching around my vaginal region , assuming this was a yeast infection , I bought it on the recommendation of my mother , in order to avoid going to the doctor . The first night was ok . I had mild discomfort throughout the night . However , the second night nearly had me ripping out my own vagina to find relief from the pain . I could not sleep for the entire night . The next day I examined the region courtesy of my high resolution digital camera and found my skin was extremely red and irritated . It had even broken in a couple of places . I was freaking out for the longest time , convinced that I had an STD even though I was tested within the last 6 months and have had protected sex with a long-term partner . After a little bit of internet research , I found that my symptoms more aligned with a reaction to the Monistat 3 than herpes , Gonorrhea , Chlamydia , etc. -LRB- I will post again after I get all my test results -RRB- . I also found that reactions such as my own are not that uncommon and can be seen in approximately 25 % -LRB- ... -RRB- . Please discontinue the treatment immediately if you experience any side effects like my own . I ended up calling my OBY/GYN and getting a prescription for Difluctan , which cured the symptoms associated with the yeast infection . Nevertheless , I must now wait for the skin to heal around my labia . I am currently using baby diaper rash cream to soothe the symptoms and epsom salt baths .
 This stuff is EVIL . I had the most horrible pain and itching after using . Within minutes , I wanted to die . Almost went to the ER . Could n't wash it out fast enough . Endured horrible pain for hours . Was swollen for days . STAY AWAY . Ca n't believe it 's on the market .
 This product alone did nothing for me , that I liked . It left my hair feeling dry . Had to use a good amount of shampoo to get it to feel clean . My hair fell more than usual . Would not waste my money on this product again . And also because I found a good organic shampoo at Walgreens without the need of a conditioner .
 I have used this shampoo for awhile now and I have to say that it 's just okay . I am a wash and air dry girl , I rarely apply styling products . After using it for more than two washes in a row it tends to not do it 's job so much , I 'll still start to get build-up on my scalp along with dry hair and have to switch to another shampoo and conditioner , then come back to this . The smell however I find is very invigorating , and really wakes you up in the morning , it 's also sulfate free which I find also to be a plus because I do n't like to use a lot of chemicals on my hair . The conditioner that goes with this shampoo is very thick , and very moisturizing so much though that I can not use it on my scalp I can only use it on my ends . When I use it on my scalp I appear to have oil build up by the end of the day . After I finish using what I have I doubt I 'll ever buy the combination again .
 I USED to like this product but had n't used it in a year or two . The latest bottle I bought said , `` New and improved with added essential oils '' . Oil is right . I liked the first wash or two , and then one day washed my hair and immediately drove to the hairstylist to have it put in an updo . She remarked how flat and dull my hair was , and that I should have washed it that morning . Seriously ? I realized after that day that it is the shampoo that is making my hair greasy , flat , and dull . TERRIBLE !
 Did n't lather as well as I would have liked and did n't leave much of a smell behind .
 I 'm trying to avoid SLS -LRB- Sodium Laureth Sulfate -RRB- and was thrilled to find this product . It smelled so amazing and it was n't due to artificial scents so that was a big plus , but it totally fell short as a shampoo . I expected that it would n't lather much , but it was n't very easy to spread through my hair . I rinsed it really well until my hair `` squeaked '' , but when it was dry YIKES it looked like it was mega dirty and lifeless . As though I had n't washed it in days and it felt like it too . There was a greasy residue . I was SO disappointed I felt the need to rewash it to fix it and even after using another shampoo , it still was n't 100 % clean . I wanted to like this , but shampoo is supposed to make hair clean , not greasier .
 I was not happy with this shampoo , smells great but dried my hair out real bad even after using the conditioner .
 I bought the product to provide a clarifying option that was organic . After reading reviews I was very excited to try it out . However , this shampoo smell is so potent . It left my hair feeling heavy and limp . It was a big mistake . I pity all that purchase it . I only gave it two stars because the ingredients are so good , too bad it smells and feels so bad .
 I love this shampoo , which is gentle enough to use every day when I need to wash my hair too often because I 've been working out on consecutive days . However , the style of the top opens easily , so it 's not good for travel . Also , do n't buy it from eSavvy -- they shipped it to me in a padded envelope , and the top partly opened inside the package , dumping about two ounces of shampoo . It 's pretty obvious that it would leak if shipped like that . I 'm out of this and it 's hard to find locally , so I kept it , but I was pretty peeved .
 Some things I loved about this shampoo :1 . True lavender scent ; not exaggerated , synthetic , or altered like other cheap -LRB- Suave -RRB- products . Has an aromatherapy benefit outside of whatever other benefits it claims to have .2 . Some organic ingredients and general lack of chemicals3 . Relatively inexpensive for a product with organic ingredientsDespite these benefits , I would n't buy this shampoo again . My first issue is that I have trouble believing any non-medicated shampoo really has a noticeable thickening effect . This shampoo certainly does n't . I get better volumizing results from blow-drying or curling my hair differently . -LRB- My only caveat is that like any beauty product , YMMV . -RRB- My second issue is that like many `` natural '' products , this shampoo had a thin consistency which forces you to use more of the product to get a good lather . A thinner consistency probably means the shampoo washes out better and does n't leave residue , which may be why some people see a volume lift . To me , it just causes wastefulness.Lastly , I 'm tired of these flip tops on shampoo bottles . If you store it in a shower bag , it 's got a 50 % chance of flipping open and leaking all over . You 're better off buying a shampoo with a closing lid .
 i was really excited when i came across the organic haircare line since i am trying to use personal care products without parabens and other harmful chemicals , but i have been very disappointed with the effectiveness of the products . my hair has always been very thick , shiny and healthy and after a few months of using the lavendar shampoo and conditioner my scalp was dry and itchy and my ends became dry and brittle . at first i did n't attribute it to the shampoo but after going on vacation and using a different product for about a week i noticed a significant improvement - my hair looked much healthier . i have now switched or another organic shampoo -LRB- australian organics -RRB- and am much happier with the results.also , upon my initial recommendation my friend also bought the lavendar shampoo and had a similar experience - dry , brittle texture , so i know it was n't just me ...
 I must start by saying that I really respect Avalon Organics as a company . I am a huge fan of their lavender hand & body lotion and I really like their ingredients.That said , I mounted an anti-SLS initiative after discovering that SLS is the reason my skin has looked so awful for so long . So Avalon 's Lavender shampoo was the first thing I tried.For the first few days , it was wonderful . Smelled heavenly . My skin cleared right up ! But by day 4 , my hair had started looking dull , and two weeks in , I had a visible buildup on my brush as well as my hair.I had to do some amazing things to get the accumilated gunk off of my hair . And I had to switch to Giovanni 's Non SLS products which immediately I noticed , do not leave a build up.So my two stars are for the beautiful scent and the fact that Avalon has other really fantastic products . But I ca n't recommend their non SLS shampoos-I hope they will try to address this and create one that works better at a later time .
 This product does not have a little tin foil sealant under the cap . As a result , this shampoo can spill out . I had this shipped with a larger item and it spilled out all over the box . I lost a good portion of it . It 's good shampoo , but I will not buy it through Amazon again unless they put a bit of tin foil under the cap to prevent spilling .
 I was excited to try a different organic shampoo . I have alot of thin curly hair . I was really hoping this shampoo would volumnize it as it claims to do . However , I have only used it 4 times , and it actually seems to make my hair more flat . : -LRB-
 Either the stethoscope was D O A or my wife , myself & both the dogs that are running around here are dead 'cause none of us could make the new stethoscope go pitter patter when we tried . Returned for full credit so no loss other than time .
 It does n't look like the pink advertised in the photos . It 's a coral color . The sound is not good at all . I went back to my old Littmann that I 've had for 15 years .
 This product came with pieces missing . There was an empty box which looked like it should have had extra ear pieces but there were none . I could hardly hear anything when using this product . Hearbeat was barely audible . I returned this product over 2 weeks ago and still have not been credited my purchase price .
 I do not recommend this product . I had a minor infection that I wanted to nip in the bud before it got out of hand and since I could n't make an appointment with my doctor soon enough , I decided to try it . HUGE mistake ! I was n't experiencing itching and irritation prior , but after using the product I was in so much pain and discomfort . If you have the option of seeing a doctor , please just do that !
 The photo shows a bottle of capsules . That 's not how it came . It came in a box , with several sheets of blister packaged capsules . You know , the ones you have to individually push out through the foil . Not a BIG deal , but not what was shown , not what I expected , and not what I would have preferred.I think the bigger deal is that they are almost expired . I got them yesterday -LRB- 6/6/12 -RRB- and they expire August 2012 . I needed to start this right away , so I 'm keeping them , but I 'm not happy . I would have preferred to pay more money and have them expire a year from now instead.This is my first time purchasing this kind of product via Amazon . I will certainly be more watchful in the future , or , simply wo n't buy this way .
 Excellent value for the money but watch out if you have thick/fat legs at the knee . My leg measures 22 inches circumference just below the knee and I found these socks too painful to wear for more than a couple of hours . I suspect they would be just fine for someone whose below-the-knee measurement was 18-19 inches . Otherwise the socks are well made and quite comfortable . I ended up switching to Jobst socks -- pricy , but good for a big guy to wear all day !
 Excellent value for the money but watch out if you have thick/fat legs at the knee . My leg measures 22 inches circumference just below the knee and I found these socks too painful to wear for more than a couple of hours . I suspect they would be just fine for someone whose below-the-knee measurement was 18-19 inches . Otherwise the socks are well made and quite comfortable . I ended up switching to Jobst socks -- pricy , but good for a big guy to wear all day !
 Tried it a couple of nights taking the max dose and felt nothing.It may work for some people but not hardcore insomniacs like myself.What did work was lemon Balm , Valarian root and L Theanine combined .
 This product is kind of a let down , it tastes weird and does n't really do anything . I purchased to help me sleep through the night and to stay a little calmer at work -LRB- which is stressful during the holiday season . -RRB- This product was really no help , but sort of what I was expecting . You ca n't expect that an herb is going to fix things for you .
 this product is much wider than it appears . - probably would not purchase this type of item again without having all the dimensions .
 I really should have paid attention to some of the reviews on this product . The odor is absolutely horrid and was left behind on everything it came in contact with . It was so bad I had to toss it in the trash .
 I got this for my wife and I , but we 've never gotten any use out of it . First of all , this thing is simply way too wide . That is n't necessarily a bad thing for everyone , but the next thing is . Whatever this is made out of , it burns . It burns the tongue and mouth , the vagina , even the skin . We have other toys of similar design , and none do this . It ca n't be any sort of allergy , because it affected both wife and I and we have completely different skin types . Anyways , if you can bear the size , you probably wo n't enjoy the burning .
 like the size but do n't like the smell . it 's kinda strong chemical smell and will not go away after many washing ...
 I like NOW Foods Zinc Picolinate 50 mg but I will never buy it again because it contains gelatin capsules instead of the vegetable based capsules . Gelatin is made from animal byproducts and is not suitable for vegetarians.I like the benefits of Zinc Picolinate but I will have to find some other brand .
 I bought this water pik after a friend suggested using a water pik in addition to regular brushing . I decided to splurge and get a name brand - one of the more expensive ones available . The first time I used it , I plugged it into my bathroom electrical outlet - and it worked , but then blew the fuse in the bathroom . -LRB- I live in a new house , not an old one so I do n't know why this happened . -RRB- I thought it must be a fluke . I moved to another bathroom - plugged it in . Same thing . I moved to the kitchen , same thing . THREE plugs.Aside from that weirdness , the water pik leaks everywhere . Water just sprays everywhere . Use this if you want to make a mess all over your bathroom .
 Works great until it quits and it will quit sooner rather than later . No customer service for a poor quality product . Buy the attach to shower or to faucet type oral irrigator . They work well and are very reliable .
 This came as a gift . The coiled tubing is too short and stiff . Water goes all over the place because you have to bend down to accommodate the machine instead of over the sink basin . Ten settings , but you ca n't use them . After 3 or 4 on the dial the stream can tear your gums , even with healthy tissue . Even if your gums could take it , the company says the higher pressure settings -LRB- 10 of them altogether -RRB- will split the plastic coil and cause leaks , so you are warned not to use them . Ten settings , but you can use only 3 , hmmmm . So their claim of high flow at the highest setting is meaningless as a selling point , and misleading . My tubing hardened past stiff and simply broke off one morning . When I complained to the company they wrote back with a reprimand -LRB- which is how I found about how there are only three usable settings and planned obsolescence -RRB- but , not to worry , a link to buy more replacement parts ! How kind . Do n't waste your money on this piece of cheap plastic .
 Much less power than my old WaterPik even at the highest power level.The stream of water is very weak although the motor is much quieter than my old one.I 'm disappointed .
 We managed to get a few months of decent use from the water jet before the cut-off switch started sticking . After 1-2 minutes of prodding it would finally release , sending water spraying across the room . It was funny the first few times , but after several dozen , it got very old . Coupled with the too-short hose and a nozzle which broke off inside the handle , I recommend searching elsewhere . I know I will be .
 I have been using the Oral-B Pulsars for a while now - probably since the product launched - but for some reason , the past three Pulsars I 've bought died on me within a couple of weeks of owning it . Perhaps Oral-B went with a cheaper battery or something . Regardless , this is quite annoying , particularly since I ca n't replace the battery by myself -LRB- the bottom of the toothbrush is sealed shut -RRB- .
 Hose too short . Highest power setting is about mid range of old unit . Should have saved old unit and replaced the hose as new unit has only half the power as old one did . Don , t know where to go for service parts i.e. hose and attachments ?
 I have been an avid user of the waterpik for many years . This product , although more streamlined , does not have the power of the older models . This has many more applications for brushes , picks etc. and the design ok but the power not as good . I was disappointed in this new model . I would have returned but did not want the hassle . I called the company and was told to return quickly and they would test the motor but I decided not to send back . It is usable but in comparison to my older model just not as good . I would not repurchase this brand again .
 I really enjoyed using this Waterpik , especially with the toothbrush attachment . Unfortunately , after about 6 months of use , it appeared that the plastic tubing was getting kinked -LRB- where it met the handle -RRB- . Unkinking it seemed to work until this last week - now it no longer pumps water at all . It 's 1 year and 2 weeks old . To say I am disappointed that such a well respected company such as Waterpik would put out such a flimsy product is an understatement .
 This was not a very powerful product . The original waterpik that I replaced was much better . It does n't have a very strong stream of water to floss teeth.I would not recommend it .
 I purchased this product and it leaked at the connection of the tip to the handle . I returned it and got another one . It leaked from the same place . It appears o me that this product -LRB- or a least the batch from the two I received -RRB- are defective
 Before I ordered this Waterpik , I read some reviews . A few discussed how the unit leaked water . I figured those isolated problems and ordered it . The first time I tried it , water poured from the bottom and the water pressure was minimal . On examination , I saw the hose was n't properly connected to the base . It was either broken or incorrectly assembled . I called the company . I was told that they would send me a new part that I could install . I considered that , but I did n't want to wait the five to seven business days they said it would take . I wanted and needed one now . I returned it to Amazon and purchased a different type from Wal-Mart .
 I first purchased this at Walmart and when it worked , I loved it as it would clean my teeth better than any flossing . However , it only worked occasionally as often there was no water-flow so I exchanged it for a different cheaper model that I did n't like as it has less water force and was very noisy . I bought another Water Pic -LRB- no model number but looks just like the Ultra -RRB- and it did n't work at all and I returned it the next day . I wanted one so bad , I tried this model a third time from Walgreens but still had to return it as the water would not flow . I would like to get the $ 10 online savings but afraid of a repeat experience and am looking into `` HydroFloss '' or the `` Ocean Breeze '' I have seen some people mention in the reviews .
 I bought one of these yesterday and returned it the same day . It just did n't work . All it did was hum.I own a Hydrofloss brand oral irrigator which I have used for several years . It 's loud , but never a problem . I needed a second unit for travel and could n't find the Hydrofloss locally , so I went to a large local department store in NYC and on the recommendation of the salesperson , I bought the Water Pik Ultra.The Water Pik never left the starting gate . I thought I might get help from customer service at Water Pik . That was an even bigger laugh . Called the number in the instructions mid-afternoon EST on a Friday , no answer in 100 rings . Called three different times , rang 100 times
 I just got this product in the mail not more than an hour ago , and on my first try I was dismayed to find that it does not work at all . I am extremely disappointed in this .
 I received my waterpik but no tips . The description says 6 tips but the tip holder has none . So , I was not able to evaluate this product .
 I loved this Waterpik , but brittle hose broke in less than 8mo . This is my 2nd Waterpik with a Broken Hose !!! SOOO CHEAP ! It 's like nylons that run . . hose is so hard to replace -LRB- for novice -RRB- that Waterpik 's ceo 's must be laughing all the way to the bank when consumers opt to buy a new one - thanks Waterpik . . BUT NO THANKS !
 Buyer beware ! Purchased this product specifically to use the PocketPik tip to clean between gum line and tooth . After using for a short time , the PocketPik tip attachment cracked and leaked . Contacted company and they refused to replace the defective attachment -LRB- FYI-part RETAILS for $ 4.50 ! -RRB- Draw your own conclusion-will no longer use their product .
 Good news and bad news . Good news
 Hope you like dealing with customer service , if you plan to actually use this product , expect it to fail within a month . If you plan to let it sit next to your sink , I would highly recommend this product . The handle is the weak link in the design , we have been through a pile of these things !
 The water flow was not consistent , sometimes strong , sometimes weak . I tried 2 weeks and expecting it was going to be smooth but still not as good as the old interplake that I had . So I returned it .
 Had one of these mucho years ago and never really used it.Thought there may have been vast improvements but not really.My dentist recommend this in addition to flossing but I got to tell you that flossing which is essential does the same as this . This will go on the shelf and wo n't get much use .
 I absolutely with a passion hate to floss . It happens very sporadically . This water flosser has been a help in my dental hygiene and care . It is so easy to use that I sometimes use it 3 time in a day . It makes it very easy to clean your teeth after a meal and my floss string can be used to tie things up now .
 I cant believe all these positive reviews ! they must be the manufacturar of this `` toy '' and their friends ! I call it a toy because it so very very weak it cleans nothing and its nothing like the one at the dentist as they claim , I hate it and its just money down the drain : -LRB-
 I boght this product in US , and toke it back to China . I thought that can be used nomally . Unfortunatly , when I plugged it to the outlet , the product was burned . When I looked it the voltage under the product , 120V voltage is required . I am angried with the product , I hatt there is no clear description from the advertisement . !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I never thought Amazon is such a worst company . Worst customer support , never buy either this item or other items from Amazon .
 The product I received does not produce the power even on the highest setting to properly clean teeth . I plan to return unit for another which hopefully will work the way it should . I tested a unit in my dentist office and found a dramatic difference in power or force .
 After using it for about 6 weeks , the spring of hose popped and could not be used any more . Customer service refused to replace the horse because I was blamed for setting it to median level instead of low .
 Bought the lower end water pic $ 25 weak spray so I ordered this model and it is weak alsoVery disappointed looking for a different brandWould not recommends his or buy another oneCrap
 i purchased the water pik on the advice of my dentist . i saw the fabulous ratings and i figured let me do this because i needed this because of all the bridges in my mouth . in any event , i used it the first time and it was fabulous . the second time i went to use it it did not work . the water did not flow to the tip . i checked everything and it was all correct . what a waste of money .
 I have been using this water pick for the last two months , I consider it a piece of junk , It leaks terribly and no way to fix it .
 The `` Ultra '' Dental Water Pick is a rickety plastic device that works poorly . Although the instructions warn one not to `` pick '' for over 5 minutes at a time , the water bin barely holds enough water for 2 minutes . You have to jiggle it get it to work properly . The picture looks as if it is a highly developed machine , but it is really a primitive piece of junk .
 Yes indeed , this water pick does all that it is supposed to . It 's very good at cleaning , and ha lots of nice accessories that can be conveniently stored in the cover . The reservoir stores plenty of water , and the pressure variation dial allows you to choose the strength of flow . If you have never used a waterpik before here 's an interesting observation . Even after carefully brushing and flossing my teeth the waterpik dislodged additional food particles that the brush and floss operations missed . The Waterpik seems to be well made . I also own a water jet made by a competitor that I 've found to be very flimsy -LRB- Conair -RRB- . My big problem with the Waterpik is its intermittent leaking . I make sure that the tank and the pick attachment are properly seated yet the machine will periodically and inexplicably start to leak . I will go in the bathroom at various times during the day and find that everything is OK with it . Then I will make another trip and find the Waterpik sitting in a puddle of water . To be able to use it without having this problem I have to empty the storage container after every use . That 's something you are not supposed to have to do . In reading other reviews of the Waterpik on the internet I 've found that I am not alone in having this problem .
 This product was great out of the box but it broke and leaked all over the place after less than a few months.What a waste of money .
 I was perfectly happy with this product until it stopped working on me after 3 weeks of use . There is no water damage , still is in perfect condition . I am totally perplexed as to why this happened .
 Very cheap and fragile piece of junk . Noisy , messy and obnoxious . We broke one of the tips right away . Went to the water pik website to order replacement parts . That was a real maddening experience . They charged me $ 12 for a cheap , tiny plastic part and ended up sending the wrong part . Then they want me to pay to send it back , even though they agree it was their mistake . No phone number listed on their website so good luck getting to speak with anyone and the email takes about 2 days to get a response . The only thing worse than this product was the customer service .
 In many ways this is an acceptable unit . It holds enough water to give a good cleaning , easy to dial up water stream strength . My big complaint is that the bracket that holds the wand is made from incredibly cheap and brittle plastic . My daughter tipped it forward onto the counter when she was using it and the tip of the right side bracket snapped off . Without the full bracket , the wand will not stay in place . Now it takes up quite a bit of room on the counter since the cord will not stay nicely coiled and the unit is much less attractive . Annoying that something so little can diminish the value and usability of an entire product .
 I purchased `` Waterpik Ultra Dental Jet 100WP '' in Sept. . I used the small toothbrush that came w/it one time when 1st got it , put it aside , then several weeks later I decided to use it again . . As I used it The small bristles came out in my mouth , the toothbrush had broken into 2 pieces , one large piece & one small section . I was concerned that was a definite HEALTH HAZARD , I emailed the company with my concerns they did n't respond so I called the company spoke to a Secretary she said will pass it along to her superior `` if he is concerned he will contact me '' He NEVER returned my call I would NOT/do-NOT recommend this product & to add to that it leaks . Am satisified that it does preform well but the health hazard & lack of concern of the company bigwig bothers me greatly .
 The new waterpik ultra is not as good as the older model ! First problem is that it is hard to trun off . When you push on the off switch - with wet hands - the waterpik is so lite that it moves accross the sink and in order to turn it off you have to put down the hose and hold the waterpik with two hands ! Then the other problem is that the plastic tank that holds the water ca n't be used to cover the waterpik . You can put it on top of the waterpik but it falls off and always onto the floor . The way that this new waterpik is made is such that any dirt or bugs -LRB- fly or nat -RRB- in the room can land into the deep well and it is not easy to clean it all out and it is not very healthy to leave the waterpik well uncovered . When you flush a toilet , any airborne germs can and will land into this waterpik . It was a very big disaportment to me . The company that sold it was fine , it 's just a very poor modle . Plus it has much less power than the older model.Jonathan Galente , long time waterpik user !
 After 3 months of use , some internal little bit of plastic in the handle which holds the piks failed , making it useless -LRB- unless you just want to spray water all over your bathroom . -RRB- Very disappointing because it seemed to work fine prior to that and is supposed to be the top of their line .
 good design , but bad application . I do n't care how neat of a person u are , if you use this tool properly you will make a mess . Countertops , mirrors , and floors . Go with the `` ShowerBreeze w / 3 ' hose Oral Irrigator by ORALBREEZE that connects directly in line with the water supply IN your shower -LRB- where the splashing belongs -RRB- . No dead batterries after a short time , no weak water pressure from rechargable units , and no refilling the water every time either . And if you ca n't figure out how to put it in you deserve to clean up bathrooms full-time . If u read this before you purchased anything someone must be looking out for you upstairs . Good Luck , Joe.ShowerBreeze w / 3 ' hose Oral Irrigator
 I used this product once , carefully following the directions for initial use . After this initial setup , I proceeded to use the basic gum attachment and it worked fine this one time!I went to use it again before bed time , and nothing happened when I hit the power button.Tried moving it to a another outlet with the same results.I returned this the next day and am very reluctant to try this brand again . A shame since this product has been around for 20 years .
 I did n't have problems with the noise , amount of water or anything like that . My issue was that it destroyed my gums . The only times this cleaned my teeth where my toothbrush could n't , was after eating popcorn . Other than that , it did not help and it destroyed my gums . I kept it on the lowest settings and have very healthy gums otherwise , but they became torn up after using the Waterpik Ultra Water Flosser . I have family members that have used them in the past when they had braces , but other than maybe in that instance , I would n't recommend this product .
 My Mom brought wp-100 few monthes ago for me . It worked great for braces and then the handle leaked . Now I got the new replaced one and hope it can last !
 I really am trying not to throw good money after bad , but I ca n't find an oral irrigation product to use . I had blown out two of the less-expensive WaterPik models -LRB- differing by only by the color of their water holder -- one was clear and one was opaque cream color -RRB- in a period of only 3 months so I was very wary of anything carrying the the WaterPik name . But then I saw the `` Ultra '' . `` That 's got to be better , '' I thought , `` or they would n't have used the word ` Ultra ' to describe it . To me , the word ` Ultra ' means something that goes beyond others in whatever property you 're considering . For example , if I said that the Waterpik WP-100 is the ultra dental water cleaner in terms of length of service , then I would think that meant that the Waterpik WP-100 outlasts the others . Not for me . I got the same flaw as the others
 This new design is horrible . The water resevoir holds less than the old model.Both the holder of all the individual pick pockets and othere tips , broke , as did the holder of the handle , within a few months after purchase.The whole design of this waterPik is ugly , too.WHY did they change the design from the original model , which was also more durable.This new one is an expensive piece of junk .
 I received my second Water Flosser today . I had returned the first one as it had tripped the GFCI in all of our bathrooms . The second one did exactly the same thing . I contacted Waterpik and they informed me that this was a known issue and that I should purchase a single outlet GFCI , which I could purchase in Best Buy or Radio Shack for $ 5.00 -- the local Radio Shack charged $ 20.00 for the item . Also seeTRC ShockShield Single-Outlet GFCI AdapterThey also said that they would be making a production change later this year to eliminate the problem . In other words , they are shipping defective product and know it.Amazon 's shipping and return processing were excellent .
 Waterpik Ultra Water FlosserThis machine can blast you teeth with a water jet strong enough to damage your gums so be careful with tip and settings . My main complaint is that the thumb switch on the wand is always on instead off . This makes it difficult to adjust jet position in one 's mouth , or to change hands . One should not have to turn the power switch off to make an adjustment from outer to inner surface of one ` se teeth . If the wand slips out of it bracket on the reservoir , it will drain putting water in places that will probably make you unhappy . Also , the pump sounds very clunky . I am wondering how long it will last . I had two other other waterpiks , hand held , both failed because of the corrosion issue sited in reviews of that model . Finally , Braun makes a superior water jet teeth cleaner . I used it when I was in France , and loved it
 I just bought a brand new ` old style ' WaterPik -LRB- model WP-60 -RRB- at Target for $ 39 . They also sell the new models with the smaller reservoir -LRB- the model folks are complaining about -RRB- , but now they also have the old fashioned model available . It looks exactly like WaterPiks used to look like except the water reservoir is blue plastic instead of clear plastic . Same size , same shape , everything is exactly the same . I was so thrilled to find this because I did n't want the rinky-dink new model , so I 'm passing the information along . If Target has it , it 's probably widely available ... but the good news is that it IS available!Waterpik Ultra Water Flosser
 Worthless ! I 've used waterpiks for 30 years and have owned a number of them . The pressure of this unit is so low that I doubt it removes anything . Also , the water tank is so small that it must be refilled 2-3 times to do a complete cleaning . Frankly , I 've had many Waterpik models and have been very satisfied with them all - until now . Buy anything else other than this unit !
 Although I do lots of shopping on line with Amazon , I purchased the Waterpik ultra in Walmart ... I 've been through 3 different machines with all the same outcome . . After a few months of use the pause button on the handle gets stuck and wont release the water ... You dont want to buy this product , its poorly designed and obviously
 Maybe it was just a bad one , but I 'm out $ 50 and it does n't work anymore . Beware , if you plan on long usage .
 I thought my original water pik was more powerful . This one , although more compact , does not clean as well . I was disappointed .
 I called WaterPik customer service when my WaterPik started leaking all over the counter after only two months and was told - get this - leaking is not a defect , that is the way the unit is designed.I 'm not talking about a trickle from the cord . I 'm saying the reservoir completely empties from somewhere underneath the WaterPik all over the counter.The customer service rep referred me to page 10 of the manual which reads `` When Finished
 I was not impressed with this product . For nearly $ 50 , I expected much more.First of all , the quality is lacking . The accessory bin pops off the top at the slightest touch . The coiled hose is short and stiff -- it 's a pain in the butt . And the handle leaks all over if it 's not stored upright in it 's holder -- but it 's very fond of popping out of the holder at the slightest disruption.Secondly , I personally did n't think it was more effective than flossing . Tried the waterpik with mouthwash during a flare up of gingivitis . Honestly my gums seemed to get worse , which freaked me out . Stopped using the waterpik and went back to floss , along with my sonicare toothbrush.What 's made the most difference is this routine
 This broke within just a few months . Not worth the money . I bought a $ 20 travel water pick that works 10x better.Do not purchase this product !!!
 This unit comes with a cover which hold 4 different tips . But the unit comes with six tips . So where to put the others . This is single use - only . If you are married or have a family , you need one for each person !?
 This was a fine purchase , if my intention was to only use it twice before the motor burned out and it stopped working .
 Compared to previous models , this item is a joke . The motor is so weak , even cranking it up all the way wo n't generate much pressure . Worse , it only holds maybe 90 seconds worth of water . This means it constantly has to be refilled while in use . Waterpik really failed with this model .
 I have one of these already and I bought this one for my wife . The shipping was quick and it was free ! However the product did not work right-it had very little pumping power even at the full setting . I returned the product to Amazon . The return process was easy to do and it was a hassle free experience .
 I am not satisfied with this but am keeping it because I do like cleaning my teeth with a water pik . . The problem is that the water adjustment even tho it goes to 10 it is just not strong like the other one that I bought yrs ago that looks just like this . . I think one other review said the same thing . . They did something in that the adjustment is just not very strong on these anymore ...
 I bought this to replace an older model that finally gave out after 10 years or so , well this one has nowhere near the power of the old one . Plus I do like like the design at all , I would not buy this again .
 Works well enough , but not nearly long enough . It has a very strong spray if you want it and it gets the job done , but for $ 50 it should last longer than this . There is some kind of gasket leak on the piece you hold in your hand and it has left the unit with very little pressure .
 I know the words may be harsh but that 's exactly what this is . If you 've ever had a dental cleaning this is not even a tenth of the pressure . Does n't do squat .
 BAD DESIGN AND IT IS VERY LOUD , MESSY , AND THE HOSE IS ALWAYS TANGLING UP . DO N'T WAIST YOUR MONEY !
 he was 110 volts . We did not know that it happens and it immediately burned . I really wish there was a warning about this
 I have been an avid ` flosser ' for years , so after my old one quit working - I purchased this one 7 months ago . It worked great until about a month ago , when it started to leak out of its reservoir . I contacted the company hoping they would at least offer a replacement part ... this was their response : Thank you for contacting Water Pik , Inc. customer service.We do not recommend leaving water in the reservoir between uses . Please drain the reservoir of any remaining water or solution after each use , which may be done by letting the flosser run for 7-10 seconds after using the product . This should prevent the unit from leaking while not in use.Sincerely , Katie M.Consumer ServicesService@waterpik.comYes, the reservoir does not leak if it 's empty , but the whole reason for a reservoir is to hold water & I love the convenience of not having to fill it every time I use it.Sorry but this will be my last !!
 im so pissed i was excited to use this and i followed directions and nothing the turner didnt even feel like it was hooked to anything no water flow no nothing the water even came out of the bottom not out of the pike i want my money back or ill sue
 THIS WATERPIK IS KNOWN TO HAVE ISSUES EVEN A GIRL THATW ORKS IN THE DENTIST TOLD ME NOT TO BUY ONE IN THE OFFICE AS HERS BROKE DOWN IN A FEW MONTHS , I BOUGHT ONE AND IT WAS SPEWING WATER ALL OVER THE PLACE AND MAKING A VERY LOUD NOISE , I CALLED WATERPIK AND THE AGENT I GOT WAS VERY RUDE DID NOT OFFER TO HELP ME AT ALL , JUST SAID TO RETURN IT TO AMAZON , AND I SURE DID !!!! DONT BOTHER BUYING THIS ITS A BAD QUALITY ITEM
 I have owned Waterpik 's before , and was satisfied . This model has NO power ! At max strength of 10 , it is still very weak . I would have returned it , but I missed the return deadline by one day . Bummer.I loved my previous model as it had the power to blast junk from between my teeth . This one is basically a gentle massage in comparison - does nothing for the gums in my opinion.Waterpik has gone down hill . Check out other options , or be prepared to return it if it is of lower power/quality , like mine .
 I replaced a twenty five year old waterpic with a new generation machine only to discover that they leak , customer service is poor , and two replacements lasted about six months each before leaking . Tired of the cost and hassle of returning bad units to water pic I found a setup that hooks up to your shower head . It 's cheaper -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- and extremely reliable and has a wide range of pressure settings . The only downside is it does n't pulse . I got it at Amazon and highly recommend it over any waterpic product .
 After 6 weeks , the handle broke . Contacted manufacturer by Email - they responded 10 days later . Promised replacement handle in 10-15 days . A month later , no handle . No response to new Email.I remember when these were better made and lasted years .
 1 . The Waterpik WP-100 Ultra Dental Water Jet looks good
 This is the third Waterpik I 've ordered . This one disappoints . The pressure is lower than my previous one . The water container is smaller and usually has to be refilled to finish the job . It is smaller overall and fits in the bathroom much easier , but if you want performance look for the previous model or wait until Waterpik fixes this one .
 When I was buying this item I did so on a recommendation of a relative that owned one . I read the Amazon reviews and took note that some people had problems with leaking handles and sticking buttons . Others loved the product . Based on those reviews and my relative 's comments I went ahead and bought the wp-100 . After receiving and using it , I absoultely loved it . Flossing became enjoyable and my teeth and gums felt much cleaner . The fun lasted for about 4 months . 1st signs of failure were the button on the handle that stops the water flow began sticking . Then it became increasingly difficult to to switch the tips . Finally , the unit began leaking on the seam of the handle just above the tip release button . All pressure to the tip itself was lost . The unit comes with a 1 year warranty but getting in touch with waterpik is n't easy . I am awaiting an email reply from them . I read another review from someone who said this problem occurs because an o ring becomes dislodge . Evidently , the handle can not be opened and the whole handle assembly requires replacement . Since this problem has happened to others I would be cautious about purchasing one . If I can get waterpik to replace or repair this unit I will use it again . If it fail with the same problem again I would not buy another . Its too bad because I really did like the product . I would however give them a second chance but only at their expense .
 I ordered this product because I bought one previously from Costco . It arrived , as usual from Amazon , overnight . When I tried to use it , it was dead-on-arrival . Enclosed right on top of the unit was a card that said
 I bought this product to replace an old WaterPik -LRB- model 49 -RRB- -- a great piece of machinery that I would have kept on using , except that the plastic hose leading from the water well to the appliance tip split and could n't be replaced . This new model is remarkably inferior . I can barely feel the water pressure generated , even with the most focused tip and with the highest setting.I sent a complaint to WaterPik , via their website and have yet to hear back.I would never recommend anyone buy this product .
 After using the Waterpik for a month I decided to take it apart and clean it . I was letting it dry out well but thought about the hose and wondered how it completely emptied . Well I got my answer-it does n't . After rinsing it out with vinegar , large black speckS of dried up mold spewed out . It was very upsetting . After 3 filled container attempts I could not get the hose to run with clear water . I threw it out . BEWARE !
 I am very disappointed in this product since I had a Waterpik dental jet before . The water container is way too small , and the pressure is so weak that you could use a toothpick and have better results . I definitely would not buy another one .
 Bought this for my wife and it broke in a month . Leaks water all over the place.Pissed off . Paid extra to get name brand . I 'd expect it to last longer than 30 days .
 It works well but the button on the hand controller occasionally sticks and the only way to free it is to rap it sharply on a hard surface , sometimes multiple times . I understand this is a design weakness with the unit and I expect it to fail at some time . It is only a couple of weeks old and the problem started within a few days . Very disappointing !
 I have had two of these devices over the last 13-months . At about the six-month interval , both units failed to perform , in that they simply stopped providing sufficient water pressure for the water to make it through the nozzle , even at the `` 10 '' setting level . The motor becomes noticeably louder and perhaps the louder motor sound is the indication of imminent failure . I have no complaints about the pressure at various settings and the unit 's ability to be a very competent teeth/gum cleaning device - while it is running properly . While it is working , it is quite excellent at cleaning areas between teeth and the gum line , and after a few uses , it has a `` good-feel '' effect to the gums . My usage was a schedule of every three days , or every two days , alternating the frequencies every week . I always had the unit set to the highest value -LRB- 10 -RRB- , in terms of the water pressure it would deliver . My problem was it 's durability . Enjoy the device while it runs , but if you purchase one , start saving for the next replacement purchase that will occur at a 6 or 7 month interval after commencing usage .
 We bought a WaterPik this year , after several years of using the other similar product . It looked like a good product with quite a few optional heads . However , the flexible tubing connecting the body and the handle/head developed a crack within three quarters , and it quickly became a significant hoel squirting water everywhere.Such a tool has only life time of 9 months , that 's all I can say ...
 Worked very well but did not last . First thing that went was the little on/off button on the handle . That was after about 12-15 months . Next was the water hose from the unit to the handle . It cracked in half . Great idea , needs better plastics .
 I receive the item dammage and no answer to my mails!I really does n't recommand American RX.VERY BAD SELLERS !!!!!!!
 Loved this waterpik during it 's brief life . After less than a year , the tube that connects the base to the handle developed a hole . If I could open the handle , i could cut the hose and reattach with the hose slightly shortened . This appears impossible to do . In other words , a great waterpik becomes junk in under a year because waterpik could n't have a used a sturdier hose . what a shame .
 I really liked this water flosser and it worked well at removing plaque and nasty stuff around teeth . However , I only used it a few times a week , took good care of it , and it broke after just a couple of months . It no longer has any sort of pressure when the water comes out . It basically dribbles out .
 We got this on Oct 24th 2011 and for the first 6 months it was good . In the last 6 months the button on flosser you press and hold to stop water flow was getting stuck sometimes . . but it used to work if you press around the button and get it back out . I should have contacted this company to see if they would have done something about it . It finally died last week -LRB- exactly like a year , so I suppose I am out of the standard warranty -RRB- . I will still try to contact them and see if they can help since it is just like 1 year 1 month apprx ... will update this review if they are willing to do something about my dead unit .
 I used a waterpik on the high pressure setting , and because of the tip design , it 's difficult to properly shoot the stream perpendicular to the inner sides of teeth , especially the front teeth . Within days many of my teeth became perceptibly loose , and my periodontal disease is minimal , with healthy gums . I 've come to realize that my improper use of repeatedly shooting significant pressure down the gum pocket must have separated the gingival connective tissue and even irritated the periodontal ligament that holds the teeth to bone . I just hope it will reverse over time . The significant dangers of this device definitely need to be better known .
 The Waterpik WP-100 that I received was defective . The watertank only went down to one-half and the remaining water was not able to be used . Also , the lightest setting , for caps , braces , etc. , was still too strong . I really would like to find an oral irrigator that has a very mild setting .
 Wow . I was way disappointed with this product . I had been wanting to try this for a long time and was given this as a gift because I am teeth cleaning freak . I tried all the different devices and was particularly let down my the tongue scraper , it did nothing but spray water everywhere , the toothbrush leaked too much unless you used the pause button , but the worst is yet to come . While using the actual waterpik spray device the force of the water , and I only had it set on THREE caused a chunk of my gum to come out . I bled everywhere and was spitting out tissue . I have very healthy teeth and gums and the force from only being on a low number was shocking . I couldnt feel it on one or two , and a three was so forceful it caused damage . Upon reading more about the product Ive pretty much determined mine is defective , and have contacted Waterpik about the freak accident !
 it has great power and that 's where the compliments end !!! it leaked from day one , but i figured i could deal with that because it did work as advertised . it is -LSB- was -RSB- very loud , but i could deal with that because it worked as advertised . after about a month the unit stopped working all together , i am very disappointed , it is now in the city dump . .
 Since I live in the country that is using 220V instead of 110V , I still can not use this product yet.I 'm quite disappointed to find out that this product is using 110V , no information of this fact in the product review.To Amazon , please specify this information for all electricity-related products in the future.thank you
 i finally bought a new waterpic after many years of using an old model . the old one always suffered from not enough water capacity . always had to mix a separate container with water/and hydrogen peroxide and mouthwash . before i could finish a good job of cleaning i would always run out of liquid and have to refill container . well the new ultra flosser i bought is much worse about running out of liquid before i finish flossing . it also has less pressure than old one . i would have kept the old one if i had known .
 Waterpicks by the same manufacturer are just another trap and another way to waste your money . They do work , the original model is an annoyance as far as handling the narrow hose -LRB- or tube -RRB- conducting the fluid tothe tips . Almost impossible to house it back to its place in the equipment body.After a wjile , the machine stops workinf and you have to throw it out!The new model -LRB- the current one -RRB- attracted me because an supposedly way to house the hose + tip assembly . It worked for less than a month , them the machine went silent and stop working . Trash was the destination , just like the other ones.No more waterpicks from this manufacturer to me , no matter what my dentist or higyenist says .
 too many bells $ whistles ... and less pressure than earlier models . Not worth the price ov over $ 50
 Out of the box it is fine . Works well . The water storage container is a little bit of a hassle to fill , But i ca n't recommwnd it . The attachement broke after four months . It will no longer seat in the handle and even moderate water pressure causes the attachement to get blown off.I would recommend looking at another model .
 compared to the old Waterpik I replaced , this model barely has enough water pressure to get the job done .
 Bought this product even though some of the reviews were not that great and I can see why . When using this product if the water well is not securely on -LRB- sometimes you need to hold it down -RRB- it will not work . For the price I thought this product should work properly . I would not recommend this product it is not worth the money .
 This model is so much more quiet than the other older models . Amazon 's price is much lower than retail stores -LRB- at the time I got it -RRB- . It seemed Ok at first , but after a few months it lost power then finally stopped . Never buy this model -LRB- the blue one -RRB- ... get the older moder -LRB- white one 70 -RRB- . I have two and they have lasted for years . I use it after each meal .
 it broke after 2 weeks of use , otherwise it could have been a great product .
 Very disappointing performance , needs more pressure to do an adequate job between teeth , and under bridges . My old model , same brand , is better .
 To be fair , this is more a review of the product description than the product itself . I hate it when I buy something online trusting the product to be as it is described and/or pictured and it is not.The Waterpik pictured shows different colored bands around the various tips , and the item is described in the ad copy as coming with six COLOR CODED tips ; an important feature if you have a family and wanted to assign each person a different colored tip to use . The tips are not in fact different colors . They 're all blue.Also , the Waterpik model comparison grid on the product page lists The Waterpik Ultra Water Flosser as having the following
 In the description it states this product comes with a tongue cleaner , but the tongue cleaner was missing . Shipping was prompt and everything else is fine .
 If you want a better return on your investment , try flushing your money down the toilet or setting it on fire . I would award this zero stars if I could . The device jams up nearly every night . Essentially , no water comes out , and no amount of toying , coaxing , or wiggling will get it to work . Many nights , after 10 minutes of trying , I just give up on seeking healthy gums . I could get better results with an ice pick .
 Be sure the reservoir is TIGHTLY placed on the base - any wiggle room just causes the pic to not put our the stream of water necessary to use . Other than that , it seems to be working as described .
 We purchased two of these about 1.5 years ago . One unit failed within 6 months . The other is still working but not very well . You have to turn it on and off several times to get the water to flow . It works for my husband but I have to then bang it on the counter to get it to work . We empty it every use but it still grows mildew under the top cover and under the well . We just received the new Phillips Airflosser - hopefully it will be better . I would n't recommend the Waterpik unit .
 I bought the unit -LRB- Waterpik ultra flosser -RRB- in June of 2009 from Amazon.com . In Jan. 2011 , less than 2 years later , the unit developed leaking problem and intermittent motor operation problem.When I contacted Waterpik , the calls either kept on getting dropped or I keep on getting passed to Waterpik sales place.I thought the warranty was 2 years , but apparently , they want to save money by not honoring the warranty.Don ' t waste your money on this company 's product .
 This machine , while supposedly having all the bells and whistles , also has a little sticker on the underside , near the motor , stating that it can not be used for more than 5 minutes per 2 hours ! That means that if there are more than 2 people who want to use this machine , for example , before you go to bed , the machine will turn off because of overheating ! The company obviously knows that the motor is insufficient for usage , hence the sticker . Save your money , and do not buy this machine .
 I purchased this Waterpik in June '07 and a couple of months later the handle malfunctioned inside so it would leak all the water and therefore it had no cleaning pressure . I contacted the manufacturer and after a couple of weeks they sent me a replacement handle . That worked well up until now -LRB- a year later -RRB- . The handle broke again on the inside where it fits the attachment and can no longer hold it - a small spring came off along with a small plastic part that broke . Anyway , this model is a good concept but must be made of cheap materials so do n't expect yours to last too long , look for better options .
 Within only a few days of my waterpik purchase , the pump motor failed . The return went smoothly , and a replacement device was sent . Unfortunately , after only 4 months of once-daily use , the device that holds the tip in place stopped working , thereby rendering the waterpik unusable and unfixable as far as I was concerned . I hesitate to purchase another .
 We made the mistake of buying 2 . Both leaked at about 3 months . I ordered a replacment hose a month ago . It never came . Called again and was on hold for 2 hours . Wrote letter . No response . You will be wasting your money if you buy this one .
 Worked like a champ for a week . Then -LRB- after I had tossed away the packaging and other paperwork -RRB- it just up and died on me mid-floss . It 's 46 $ - so it 's not worth calling customer support or amazon . I 'll just have to chalk this one up to poor quality control and bad luck on my part I suppose.Update - I did not want to give up on this , so I bought another . This time I kept the packaging safely . And of course - it has been working like a champ for the last 3 months . While having one die within the first week is rather irksome - I 'm going to upgrade the rating to a 4 star because it 's just so handy and effective at getting those annoying little bits out .
 I just use it no more than two minutes every day and usually at scale 5-8 . I thought I could use it at least half year when I first got it but just go failure days ago.Not good quality . The body is made of cheap plastic.The design is not bad and it is convenient to use . I will give it five stars if it could last one year.By the way , I am still contact waterpik Inc. about the warranty issue .
 It really does a great job cleaning , better than the oral-b electronic tooth brush and floss . But it broke after less than three months of usage . The water leaks from the button on the handle , so the water pressure becomes way too low to clean the teeth . I am kind of addicted to the product , because it cleans your teeth very well , but the price would be too high if I had to buy a new one every three months .
 I liked this model quite well for the first month , then it became harder to insert the tip into the handle and pretty soon , the tip would not seat in the handle at all and water leaked out of the handle . Argh ! What a waste of $ $ . I would like to see a similar device that could be disassembled , cleaned and fixed .
 Bought this model and soon after the following problems occurred : Unit leaked by tip connection ... Purchases a new $ 12 assembly ... Unit leaked on bottom where the line enters pump
 it is leaking only in 2 weeks of use and it was trashed in 3 months , what a disappointment and waste of money
 The item is not trackable because wheneven the tacking number was entered into the USPS tracking system , the result was
 I have bought now three waterpiks in the last 6 months the first two were the battery operated ones.they worked quite well at first , but , quite soon , the battery was unable to recharge , so I bought another one.Okay I said , maybe batteries are the problem , this is a good technology , so I will buy a regular electric one.I would say it is completely unworkable . It is so cheaply made that nothing works right . Very difficult to connect the parts , the water jet is uncontrollable , the whole thin is cumbersome . I will throw it away after trying to use it three times .
 I purchased this unit in November 2007 . It is now December of the same year and the `` hold '' button will not release after it has been depressed until I turn the unit off . So now when my mouth fills with water , I have to turn the unit off to stop the stream of water , expel the water from my mouth , turn the unit back on and continue in this fashion until finished.The other problem I 've noticed is the pressure starts out very weak and usually does n't build until the water in the tank is about half gone.I expected more from the Waterpik Ultra , but based on it 's performance thus far , I would not recommend it .
 As others here have noted , the quality of Waterpiks is not what it used to be . After 1.5 months , the unit broke and became unusable , due to leakage from the hose to the handle . Apparently this is a common issue , and in fact has a separate entry in the manual , stating to contact Water Pik customer service -LRB- which I will now have to do , since the product is outside the return window -RRB- .
 Great looking , excellent pressure controls , reasonable price , assortment of tips , just perfect water reservoir . Excellent system to complement your oral hygiene . Dislodges food particles that regular brushing leaves behind . But , what good is it if all of these good features are opaqued by repeated leakage from a bad engineered handle ? In the 6 months I have owned the waterpik it has become necessary to replace the handle 3 times.This last time I was determined to figure out once and for all what the exact source of the problem is , so I dissected the failed handle and sure enough immediately becomes apparent the design flow and why is bound to leak and fail . There is an O ring loosely encased in a small plastic chamber in the hose assembly the O ring with not much to keep it in place soon becomes misaligned and disengages the water tip causing a major leak . Since that part is sealed there is no way to service it therefore the entire hose assembly must be replaced . The question is why the company has not come up with a new engineered handle that takes care of this and rather keeps supplying the failed units with handles that they know will fail too . Bottom line I do not recommend buying the Waterpik Ultra unless the handle assembly problem is corrected once and for all to prevent leakage , for me replacing handles every two months however free is not worth the frustration .
 My husband and I really enjoyed the ultra water pik for about one month before it started leaking and became unusable . We 've had the same problem with other counter top irrigators and got tired of buying and disposing of them so we switched to a redipik which simply attaches/detatches to and from bathroom faucet easily and takes up no counter space . Problem solved quickly and inexpensively and it 's more convenient since you have more control over the flow and can use it as long as you want to - no tank to refill .
 Unfortunately , I did n't read a lot of the feedback concerning this item and Waterpik , the company , until after I received this item and it stopped working 6 days later . My son absolutely loved it the 6 days it did work , but on day 6 , all it would do is make a loud buzzing noise . Too my surprise , several customers had left feedback describing the same issue that I had with my unit . But worse than the defective unit , is the Customer `` No Service '' that Waterpik provides . I also saw those warning too late also . I followed Amazon 's advice and tried to contact Waterpik about my defective unit . My first warning should have been that there was no customer service telephone number anywhere on the Waterpik site . The site says to email them . I did , twice . It has been 2 weeks and they still have not responded . Unlke a lot of customers , I stayed within Amazon 's 30-day refund window and asked for my money back . You may get lucky , but this company definitely has some severe quality control and customer service issues that need to be resolved .
 I have contacted WaterPik for a replacement handle three times , and each time the new handle breaks within two weeks . Water leaks -LRB- pours ! -RRB- out of the connecting point between handle and tip , and also at the release button -- so much that you lose all pressure . I 've spent 12 weeks trying to get a fully functional model , and have given up . I am now returning the whole unit to Amazon , but have had to deal with their `` 30 day return policy '' problems to boot . I should have just returned the unit when the first handle gave out . Meanwhile , I picked up a HydroFloss from my dentist today , and it beats the socks off of the WaterPik . A bit noisier , but better built , better jet action , and larger tank capacity .
 I bought this water flosser hoping it would help clean my teeth better . Well , first it is no comparison to a professional water flosser the dentists use in their offices . Second it broke down on me the second time I used it . Thanks to Amazon 's great return policy . I was able to return it for a full refund . Definitely will not buy this again .
 We actually have liked this product and used it for more than two years . However , recently when changing the tip I noticed black particles coming out of the hand-held wand bulb . I then hit this plastic section against the sink and dislodged a considerable amount of additional black material . I felt it was then important to break open this plastic bulb section - the part you hold in your hand - and found it full of black colored mold ! In my opinion this is a serious design flaw . Since this section is not sealed , it should be possible to clean it . Yet , in the Waterpik manual , you will find no instructions on how to do this , or that it is even necessary . I have read one third-party article that recommends periodic soaking of this plastic bulb in vinegar . However , there is no a way to assure that it is clean , without breaking it . It does appear that any mold in the plastic case of the hand unit may not contaminate the water spray into the mouth , however , the proximity of mold growth so close to mouth is , in my opinion , unacceptable.I called Waterpik to advise them of my concern , noting that , while we do n't seem to be allergic to mold , many people are and this section of their device should 1 -RRB- be re-manufactured to allow opening and cleaning and 2 -RRB- cleaning procedures should be published in their manual . Obviously , we have discontinued using the Water Pik . To their credit , the company has responded by email and is , apparently , now looking into this matter . They have offered a replacement unit and we have declined .
 The handle is awkward and the coiled plastic hose does not safely extend far from the unit forcing one to place the unit at the lip of the sink . The on/off button on the handle frequently sticks in the off position . It is easy to inadvertently push the tip release button . The tip locking mechanism breaks easily . I have owned the unit for only 3 months and the tip locking mechanism is already broken . If one purchases this unit I highly recommend you save the receipt for warranty claim as early handle replacement seems to be quite common . In summary the handle is just not durable enough.On the plus side when the unit is working , it does a very nice job of flushing out food particles missed during brushing and flossing .
 The ONLY good thing I can say about this product is that it does get your teeth clean . Beyond that , it 's basically another example of a great idea that is so poorly executed , that its price exceeds its value . Whoever designed this item should be taken to the woodshed ! It 's pretty clear that the designers did not actually use the product they designed.Even when it works correctly , this device is clumsy to use because it requires two hands to turn it on and off or to adjust the water-jet intensity -- ESPECIALLY WITH WET HANDS , which is hard to avoid when cleaning one 's teeth ! All , repeat , A L L of the outer surfaces are so slick that they are very difficult to grip securely.The tool compartment just sits on top of the tank . It should have a snap-on connector because it falls off easily . Furthermore , it wo n't even hold all of the tools that come with the device . One is always left over -LRB- not including the one on the hand wand -RRB- -- an amazing design oversight!All but one of the tips use water so quickly that the tank is emptied before the job is done.Even more amazing is that the tank ALSO just sits on top of the base with little more attachment than the friction of the water seal at the bottom.The sound this device makes is far too loud for what it does and sounds like a grinder.The final insult came when the device simply stopped working just barely after the warranty expired ! However , nothing short of returning for a full refund would be adequate -- for all the reasons given above.Bottom line
 On two separate models I purchased a hole opened on the tubing between the machine and the pik , without my putting any kind of unusual pressure on it . The only conclusion I can draw is that the company is using inferior plastic in the tubing . I will not buy another .
 It does n't replace flossing as I had hoped it would . I 've had it for a few months now and have flossed right after use , and food residue is still present .
 I was a little intimidated with all the attachments but it was the attachments , that I was interested in for my periodontist disease , I do n't like flossing so figured trying this item out ... You need to keep filling receptacle if you 're using the HIGH settings cause the water depletes more rapidly , found the pressure was not as strong , as I thought it be , thought , maybe it was defective , so returned it ! Takes up bathroom counter space too and needs to be plugged to electricity -LRB- not too much of an issue but it 's nicer to have less connections and less stuff on your counter -RRB- ... Tried the Redibreeze instead , the one that attaches to the faucet -LRB- NOT the PLASTIC valve -RRB- and was AMAZED of how this SIMPLE attachment could put out so much pressure ! It does n't have the attachments like the Flosser and the tubing should be redesigned , so it could easily turn but for the price , it 's worth much more to me , than the Flosser being it put out the most important thing , which was the `` pressure '' , so it could get the job done ! Goodbye Water Flosser , HELLO Redibreeze !
 I love these things , until they leak . The hose cracked on the first three . On the fourth , water poured out of the unit itself , which is not very comforting for an electrical device . I 'm going to give Waterpiks a last -LRB- 5th ! -RRB- try .
 Waterpik seems to do its job except it trips my GFCI circuit breaker every time the unit is turned off . No other devices that use this GFCI cause the breaker to trip so it must be a defective Waterpik . Not impressed .
 I got this as Christmas gift . Just spent an hour trying to figure out how to use the thing . I hear the motor buzzing , but there is absolutely no water flow . Guess it 's just a defective unit . I have heard people recommending waterpik , but I think they are too cheap and unreliable.Update - it turns out the valve on the bottom of the tank was upside down . It came like that . Unacceptable Q/C .
 It is a fine cleaner and massager at the gum line but I still feel I need to floss between my teeth .
 I used to love my Waterpick but after a couple of years it died . As a satisfied customer , I ordered 3 more for my sons and one for me . What a disappointment.The machine goes from # 2 to # 9 or 10 , I do n't remember but it doesnt matter because the only speed that makes sense and that barely would clean your teeth is the highest one , the 9 or 10 . My question to the manufacturer . Why bother with numbering the speeds when you know very well that the highest is the only speed that would barely clean the debris between your teeth.Sometime next week I must return two . I asked my son not to bother to open it and I am returning mine . What a disappointment ... I used to love my old Waterpik , unfortunately the manufacturer is cutting corners and they have lost this faithful customer.Azulic
 I used this twice . The third time , I turned it on . it did nothing , made no sound . It was completely dead . No way to fix it so sent it back . Got a refund .
 The water pic unit does not prime its small pump very well . One must push down on the plastic water container to get the flow started . The pressure settings are set too low . On my old unit the setting that worked for me was two . The new unit requires a six setting to equal the old unit 's performance .
 The WP-100 water reservoir is too absurdly small ! Switching the Waterpik off when you 're just partially done , removing the tank to refill it , then reassembling the unit -- all this before you can get back to the job -- is tiresome and ANNOYING . That said , this latest model is -LRB- 1 star -RRB- more functional and -LRB- 2nd star -RRB- more attractive than any of Waterpik 's earlier fine products .
 This is my very first waterpik and either I got a lemon or the product is really BAD !! Water drips out of every nook and cranny once it passes into the handle and so the water container empties out immediately . This Ultra Dental Water Jet is an Ultra Mega Disappointment . Got it today and it 's a gonner tomorrow .
 This gadget does its job , but suffers from three design flaws that , taken together mean I only use it when I must :1 . The `` pause '' button on the handheld piece -LRB- pick -RRB- turns * off * the flow , meaning if you 're using it and for any reason the pick leaves your mouth , you and your entire bathroom get sprayed . There is no way I 've found to set it to only turn on when the button is pressed , which would greatly reduce such accidents .1 a . The pause button is pretty stiff , and holding it down for any length of time quickly becomes tiresome . I 'm a guy with relatively strong hands . I ca n't imagine how unpleasant that would be for a kid or an older person .2 . The cord connecting the pick to the base is extremely short , reaching really only up to my face . There is n't much room to move around . If I were three inches taller -LRB- at 5 ' 11 '' ! -RRB- I would have to stoop to use it . This , combined with how stiff the cord is , make the pick hard to use .3 . The base , even filled with water , is light enough that just stretching the cord out to reach my face means it 's in danger of tipping over . Since the reservoir is so loosely attached -LRB- and the top of the reservoir is not well secured to the body -RRB- , the whole thing can easily fall over off my sink onto the floor , as it just did , drenching the bathroom floor with water.This product is a mess . There are probably better alternatives out there .
 I had previously owned a Water Pik , but I was extremely disappointed with this model which is one of their better if not their top-of-the-line model . The motor which drives the water pressure to remove the plaque is significantly less powerful than my previous model . Setting the water pressure on 10 -LRB- maximum pressure -RRB- on this model is comparable to setting it on 5 or 6 on my previous one . I have serious reservations about the new model 's ability to effectively remove plaque since the water stream is so weak . My previous model more closely emulated the water stream pressure one would experience at the dentist 's office . Also , if you have a pedestal sink such as I , keep in mind that this model is big & bulky and will take up quite a bit of room on top of the sink . In fact , depending on the size of your pedestal sink , you may not even be able to place it on the sink unless there 's sufficient flat surface to support it .
 This was a waste of money . After about the 3rd use the water became soured . No not in the reservior , but beyond where you can empty it . Since the return policy is so lacking it went to the trash . Do n't waste your money .
 The seal in the water reservoir leaked a lot , right from the start . We called the 800 number and they sent us a new seal , this one leaked too . So we are returning it .
 Completely unhappy . Description did not tell me which tips I would get . Only one is the type I use . My wife has no tip to use . We have used a WaterPik for over 30 years . Will warn my friends about buying one .
 I bought this unit and it may indeed work sometimes , BUT : a -RRB- from day one it leaked water and destroyed our wood counter top.b -RRB- in fairly short order it failed in so much as it did n't pass the water through . Sometimes it finally worked and sometimes it did n't . But increasingly it did n't . Lousy product design and/or execution.Tonight I threw the damned thing in the garbage.Hopefully someone makes something that works!PS
 Bought one of these a couple of weeks ago , it works fine and seems like it 's reasonably well made but when you use it the water goes everywhere , also you have to stop and refill it.I imagine I 'll just throw mine away because I ca n't see using it very often , hard to keep the bathroom sink neat if you are spraying water all over the place on a regular basis.Also the power seemed weak to me , I turned it up to 10 the first time I used it and to me it does n't seem strong enough to be of much use .
 After using the cordless travel waterpik for years , I thought I would try the plug in kind . That was a mistake . After the first few uses , it stopped working . I turn it on and hear the unit whirring , but no water comes out . I was going to return it but had such faith in the product , I did n't keep the box . I ordered 3 more cordless waterpiks and although charging them is a pain , at least they work and the spray is powerful . Now , if they could just make a purse-size cordless so I can carry it everywhere .
 I was quite excited to get my first Waterpik at the recommendation of our dentist . It was really clearing up my husband 's problems with his gums and both of us had fresher breath . Unfortunately , the unit stopped pumping water after only seven weeks . We used it twice a day . I returned it for a refund and purchased the less expensive version with the open top . It 's been several months now and the new unit is going strong and was WAY less money . I recommend people just go with the cheaper model , despite it 's less `` sleek '' appearance .
 Bought this flosser upon recommendation by my dentist . On receiving the package noticed that a tip was broken . I used it for a week found it to be more of a hassle -LRB- and mess -RRB- than anything else . The conventional dental floss works the best , floss pick comes next , everything else comes next and then I would rank waterpik .
 I 'm not sure what happened here , but while it was great for the 6 months it worked ... I just ca n't give this more than 2 stars given how long it lasted . I might try getting another one , gambling that I just had bad luck -LRB- since it seems the manufacturer support in these instances is a complete waste of time -RRB- , but not sure yet . I 'm glad I did n't buy a long term supply of replacement pick heads , that 's for sure . I read the instructions and it claims there is `` no maintenance required '' -LRB- which I found a bit odd and too good to be true -RRB- , so I do n't know what could be going on . Now when I turn it on it just sits - no sounds , nothing .
 I was satisfied with my old waterpik , but the handle broke so i purchased a new waterpik . The new one does not have as much pressure and it starts much slower . I called Waterpik and they said it was within their standards and they made no attempt to correct it . I purchased a new handle for my old Waterpik and it is working fine .
 Having used Waterpik for several years with very positive results , I had to replace the old one because of a cracked hose . I bought the Waterpik Ultra based on the advertised 90 psi , a marked increase from the older Waterpik . On the first use , I found the Ultra not to live up to previous standards . Water pressure was definitely unsatisfactory , as was the fact that the reservoir itself was much reduced . Pressure difference may be due to the number of coils in the hose delivering water to the pik - fewer twists in the Classic than the Ultra . In response to my complaint , Waterpik stood by their name and sent me the Classic which shows a 60 psi - and double the reservoir size . I am convinced the flossing pressure on the Classic is markedly stronger than that on the Ultra , despite claimed psi . Even the newer Classic may be slightly lighter pressure than my old Waterpik , but the Classic is definitely a better pick than the Ultra . For those who are replacing older Waterpiks , I strongly recommend the Classic ; so too for those trying to control gum problems . Waterpik has worked for me in the past ; hopes are that this newer model will continue to provide satisfactory flossing and gum improvement .
 I used my first WaterPik for 7 years and it worked perfectly until it just plain wore out . After 4 uses , this one stopped working , the motor would only buzz . This one was made in China . My first one was n't . Enough said . Let me pay more for a quality American made product . I will say WaterPik was great about replacing it .
 Sturdy , well designed , great concept , but very messy . Water squirts out from connections or runs down your arm when using . Left unit filled with water on counter with jet spray unit not engaged in the holder but laying on countertop . By the time I returned to it sometime later , the water had leaked completely out of the unit .
 I gave it one star because there was n't anything lower . Directions indicate that beginners should keep it at the lowest point in pressure at first . I did and the water dripped out . Cranking it up a notch did nothing but empty out the water container quickly -LRB- maybe 20-25 seconds -RRB- although I 'd filled it to capacity . There is a steady stream from the pik , the handle and the around the area where the pik attaches . It was a mess . Could be that I got a lemon , nevertheless , it 's definitely going back . Oh , one good thing about this item is that it seemed quiet enough during the few seconds it was on .
 Is this supposed to be this loud ? I have a portable panasonic water jet that requires batteries , but that is so quiet . I thought there was something wrong with it at first , but Waterpik support says it is `` normal '' . Not happy .
 this new water pik is not has powerful as my last one . Water Pik admits changing the product . It is not as effective as it once was .
 I am really surprised how awkward this product was . Why the high reviews beats me . When I first tried it there was water all over the place . It was pretty awkward all around . I hope it works better for you than it did for me .
 I have gone through three previous Waterpiks -- the type that have a large -LRB- 1000ml -RRB- reservoir . I was attracted to the WP-100 because it appeared to have a smaller footprint , an important factor in regards to my limited bathroom counter top space.While the footprint was smaller , the negative aspects of this unit caused me to return it.The primary reason I returned the unit is that the wand hose is , in my opinion , ridiculously short -- I had difficulty getting a good angle with the wand without going through major contortions . I invariably wound up with water running down my arm because of the awkward angles necessitated by the shorter wand hose.The reservoir is about half that of my previous unit which is not enough for my needs . This alone would not have caused me to return the unit but it is an annoying inconvenience.The pump pressure is adequate but definitely less than my previous Waterpiks . The pump in this unit is much lighter weight than the pumps in my previous Waterpiks and that makes me wonder if it 's going to be as durable.On the plus side , it appears that Waterpik has made it easier to replace the wand and hose assembly when the hose begins to split and leak , as it inevitably will eventually do . Too bad they did n't go one step further and make it possible to replace just the hose rather than the wand and hose .
 I have had 4 , yes , four Waterpik Ultra Water Flossers in the last 4 years.I love using a waterpik but this model breaks easily . I am not typically hard on equipment . My electric toothbrush is three years old.But the Ultra is not durable and I have had to replace it frequently because I ca n't find a better machine.They last anywhere from six to nine months.What breaks ? 1 -RRB- on off switch .2 -RRB- bracket that holds the handle .3 -RRB- leaks after short time .4 -RRB- water force slowly dies and adjusting the dial does not help .5 -RRB- cover cracks.I use it daily , so perhaps if it is not used so often it would hold up better .
 For a while I hesitated to make a review of this product because while I was using it I had some troubles with waterpik hose . It is very taut and hard to use it without sliding back and forth the unit -LRB- I placed a rag under it -RRB- . I was hoping the hose would get softer the more I used it . It did not happen . Also , unit cover is very susceptible to fall into the tank and you have to very carefully while using it . My daily application was to clean my teeth using median speed . After this I would fill the tank with clean lukewarm water to ensure the system unit was thorougly cleaned.My concerns were confirmed last night when unit failed to work . The motor runs but the unit does not sucks the water and of course the hose and pick do not get get water and it does not spin . I checked the grommet in the tank and tried to fix but it did not work . It is a real shame . More than fifty dollars for a unit I used a few months . I do n't understand the poor quality of this unit . When I bought it I gave to my wife an Interplak water pick I had used for about 8 years with no problems . You can imagine 8 years without a single failure . Now , I guess I have to share with wife the old unit which is reliable , it has a nice soft hose , and it never slides in bathroom counter while I am cleaning my teeth.It is an experience I have to learn fromJoseph
 Not worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is now gathering dust . Since I could n't get parts for my Interplak , I took the hose off the Waterpik and put on my old -LRB- but powerful -RRB- Interplak . It 's a shame that the 5 star rating of the Waterpik does n't hold up . My 9 year old Interplak does the job !
 I bought a WP-100 unit to replace a WP-30W Waterpik . This unit is under powered and is not that reliable . The main thing is it does a poor job of removing food from between your teeth.The WP-30W unit that broke was 14 years old and still cleans well . The hose broke and I hope it can be fixed . Waterpik does not make a quality product any more . Save your money !
 The waterpic works well enough for awhile . Then the tiny brittle hose breaks and their website only recommends a replacement under certain conditions
 This product does a good job of cleaning , as long as it 's working ! Mine was about 2 months old when the thumb button -- which , when depressed , stops the flow of the water to keep messes to a minimum -- became stuck , so no water would flow . It had been an intermittent problem prior to that , but now it is permanently stuck . In trying to get it to release , the entire handle split open -- and still the button was stuck down.I had an older Water Pik model before this one , which also quit working after a few months ' time . I am looking for a new brand ...
 I love the water pik , but it leaks all over my counter intermitently . I need to find a similar product of put it outside in the garden where it can water the flowers .
 I think this is effective as a supplement to flossing , but not as replacement . I think this may depeend on your teeth . I easily get things stuck in my teeth . I 'm sure this is cleening under the gums better , but it ca n't dislodge everything . If you 're looking for a replacement for flossing , probably not the way to go , but again , it may depend on your teeth .
 As this product was being delivered to Australia I believed it would have the correct voltage and wattage for use here , however , it is suitable for the USA . This was not clearly stated at the time of purchase and not written in the specifications . Also , my order originated from the Amazon Au site and was transferred to Amazon.com to place my order . Therefore I am very unhappy with my purchase because it does not work here in Australia or I now have to purchase a power converter unit to be able to use .
 The product was defective . I was replacing another of the same model that worked great for years , but this one did not work correctly . Even if you had the strength of the stream all the way up , water came out at low preasure.I returned it .
 I have this unit , a WP-65C that just broke and a WP-65W and I prefer the 65 series for the following reasons.Pro1 . Pressure is greater . Even though it is listed as lower , it is higher on both of my W65 units and allows me to really get into gum pockets where my wisdom teeth used to be .2 . The tips stay in .3 . The water reservoir is larger .4 . Replacement heads are still available.Cons1 . Slide switch can move too easily -LRB- I fixed this with a rubber band and may super glue the next handle on high -RRB- .2 . Hose broke . This was after years and replacement head with hose is available .3 . Larger footprint on counter .4 . Noisier than UltraI took my 65C unit apart after the hose broke and it is a very simple design.Could have been fixed parts I had if I had n't broken the fitting on the head by using too much pressure.These devices are much better at cleaning the gum line plaque than floss by a long shot . I can even get stuff out from between my teeth after flossing so it seems like a no-brainer as far as dental hygiene -LRB- thank God for spell checker on that one ... -RRB- . Here is the link for the model here : Waterpik Water Flosser
 I 've now bought two of these Waterpiks , and each one broke within a month . The nozzle assembly seems of very poor quality . In both cases , as I was using the waterpik , the nozzle simply came apart . I ca n't believe that more people have n't had this problem , but in any case , I am now looking for a better quality product . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 It leaks at the place where the reservoir is attached to the unit and it pumps too much water so if you are planning to use Listerine , you will need about 1.5 - 2 cups per cleaning .
 After five uses within five days , the On-Off switch went `` Pop '' and the unit was dead . Anyway the maximum setting gives only the minimum power to dislodge food from between teeth .
 Ordered this water pik from amazon great price got the free shipping . But when i got it in the mail i hooked it all up and hit the on button and nothing . It 's brand new and did n't even work so unhappy that i waited over a week for a non working piece of crap . So i called the company an they are going to send me a new one . I hate to have to wait another week and half but oh well .
 I used this water pik for only 2 years . The hose was uncomfortable and tight and over the time the hose just simply broke . And it 's impossible to replace it . It wood be more helpful if the hose was made from softer , more flexible material . : -LRB-
 waterpic decided that we only get 1 standard jet with each unit now but we can have five other useless attachments because they look good on the web page - they have reduced the power of the unit to further the uselessness of the attachments - the product is still useful but i will rate them with 1 star for negative effort and managing to make a fancier looking product that does n't work as good as the older models and because i have to check off at least 1 star to submit the review
 My husband and I have an oral b smart toothbrush . I bought this at Target for full retail -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- because I was so excited about it and couldnt wait to try it out . I 'll be returning it tomorrow . It seems to function as it should but it does n't beat flossing for young healthy gums . I noticed no difference between using this with brushing vs just brushing with my smart toothbrush that has gum and polish settings . If you use a standard toothbrush it might benefit you but for us was pointless since we are already using a $ 200 tooth brush daily.When using it , it is very messy and awkward to use . The set comes with six tips but only has storage in the top for four tips which really bothered me . I like having all of my tooth items stored away and covered . Why only design it with room for four and sell it with six?Overall I will stick with my smart toothbrush , if you have beginning stages of gum disease this might help I do n't know . Doing a google search of regular flossing vs water flossing will show old fashioned flossing is still best to keep your gums healthy .
 I ordered this Waterpik to replace another that I 've used for almost 5 years . The unit 's water pressure had reduced over the years and I had to use the highest setting and felt it was not adequate . I feel I got plenty of use out of the old one and did not mind ordering a replacement . Unfortunately there was no improvement . I was still having to use the new one on its highest setting also . I thought perhaps I had just received a faulty unit . I contacted Waterpik customer service . They were very nice and sent me a new one with prepaid return postage . Well the new one is not any better . I primed both units as the directions stated but to no avail , I 'm still using it at the highest setting and it 's not any better than my old one . I must conclude the water pumps they use now are not as good as previous years . Some would suspect my gums have just gotten used to the Waterpik and indeed they will over time , but if you ever want to really check the pressure , spray it under your tongue . That 's an area that does not get used to it and should hurt like hell on the highest setting . Not so with the new Waterpik . In conclusion I suggest if you have never used a water flosser before then give this one a shot but if you 're looking for a replacement/upgrade then try a different model .
 I had this only 6 months and the pause button does not work . It is frustrating and I do n't think I will be able to get a new one without paying for it .
 I 've been using a Waterpik for years and the one I had finally needed to be replaced . I filled the small reservoir with water and turned the setting to 10 ... the highest . It was a weak stream , something I was n't happy with after having used my old one . Then the reservoir emptied . I tried it the following day with the same results so , I called the company -LRB- as requested -RRB- and the woman who answered was not one bit helpful . Her advice
 Have used the simple waterpik for over 40 years . Last one lasted 14 years . The new ultra has a cord that pinches and cuts off the water supply , replaced with new one . Power has gone down considerably after 2 years . Not the same quality .
 The power of the water just has been reduced so that it is barely useful . The reservour is about half the size . If there is a better one out there , please let me know .
 Shakes hard when I use it and it leaks water . Not near the quality I had been used to . If I had opened it up right away and saved the box when I did open it I would send it back .
 My waterpik worked great for the first few months of use . Shortly after about 3 months , the button that pauses water flow started sticking . Now , after almost one year , it is leaking from the button that ejects the attachment . The leak is so severe that there is no water pressure coming from the attachment itself . There is no way to fix the problem which makes it completely useless now . I am very disappointed that this happened . I thought waterpik was a good brand . I will be buying from a different company next time .
 As others have correctly mentioned , this device is very low quality and does not last long . The Waterpik Ultra Dental Water Jet stopped working a week after I received it from Amazon . I 'm extremely disappointed at Amazon for selling such cheap products . Save your money and purchase something else .
 I purchased the Waterpik a few weeks ago . Unlike so many I find it a challenge to use without getting water all over the sink top or mirror . I also do not like refilling the water container every morning or each time I use it . If time is important to you then prepare for an extra 4-5 minutes each time you brush your teeth.One must insert the Waterpik nozzle in the mouth while holding your head over the sink . At a # 5 setting the water comes out fast enough to fill your mouth in a few seconds so you either must shut it off with the button on the handle and spit out the water or open your mouth a little as you use the pik and let the water drain while you use it . If you somehow forget to hold the off button down and remove the nozzle from your mouth the pik will shoot a stream of water in what ever direction it is pointed . Moving the nozzle along the gum line is no easy task as you have to twist a ring on the handle to adjust the location of the nozzle . All in all this is way to much time for me . I will stick with my braun electric tooth brush and floss.If you use this device correctly it will flush out debris better than a toothbrush in my opinion . This type of device a dentist uses is very effective but it is by no means a Waterpic.A lot of positive post on here so a lot of people must do very well with it . Lucky them . My wife did not like it . I did not like it . Next in line will be my daughter who I shall give it to .
 I returned this product . I used it for at least 14 days and noticed no difference . I did n't feel like the pressure was strong enough to really do anything . I also sometimes did n't start even when it was turned on and I had to start and stop it several times to start .
 Mine broke after less than two weeks . it simply stopped working ! I did n't drop it or anything !
 The button stuck and it quit working 4 months into it - would never purchase again . It was great for a couple weeks and then the button would stick and the water would not come out . It is too late to return so I am basically out of 40 something dollars.Bonnie
 First of all , if you are planning to buy this one to replace regular flossing then do n't . This is not a replacement of regular flossing only to be used in addition to it or if you have braces and can not use regular floss.Its harder to use than a regular thread floss . You have to bend a lot into the sink to avoid the water spilling everywhere in the bathroom . As a result you ca n't see the mirror . It gets messy sometimes even if you are careful.Its too loud and too much vibration . I do n't understand why it has to be that loud or vibrating.It also occupies lot of space on the sink counter . The power button is at an inconvenient location , which sometimes hard to use.I could live with all the above shortcomings but it does n't clean well as advertised . It could n't remove food particles lodged between my teeth in few occasions where I had to use thread floss.I bought this after reading so many overwhelming positive reviews but it did n't work well for me and I do n't recommend unless you have braces or other issues that prevents you from using regular floss .
 This item is a US product that does not work in Europe and has been a total waste of money . I have spent 20 on a transformer and it still does n't work and it should not be on the Amazon website for sale in the 220/24V AC areas .
 This is the third WaterPik we purchased over the past several years . Each time the hose got brittle and broke into several pieces within a couple of years . Also , customer service is not willing to help with replacements . We will definitely try another brand .
 after 5 uses the on button will not work . Have to unplug to get it to turn off . Of course all the original packaging was thrown away because it worked fine for a short period
 I have owned Waterpiks for almost 30 years and just received the Ultra . The tips do not click into the handle and obviously the tips pop out when you turn it on . Also if you do n't push the top water container firmly in place , it leaks all over the place . I will call Amazon and Waterpik in the morning to resolve this problem . It looks like it is a really bad design and I think I will try another Manufacturer . I am an engineer for well over 40 years so you can not say I do not know how to put things together .
 Bought one of these , it lasted two months before failing . Not interested in going through the hassle of returning and waiting for some reply about how I must have abused this thing . Can not recommend this product .
 Big dissapointment . Bought it to replace older Waterpik model . Looks nice but does not have enough force to be effective , even when using the tip with the smallest orifice . Not only does it lack the power , but water reservoir is too small . Maybe that 's why it is quieter than previous models . Looks better , and is smaller than previous Waterpik flossers , but does not do as good of a job , and the previous models were only average products with a lot of reliability issues . Waterpik never seems to be able to get it all together even though they have had years of experience with flossers . If there was ever an opportunity for a good competitor , water flossers is one .
 I am quite disappointed . I had a WaterPik for years which finally gave out . I bought this new one - made in China of course , and it just seems cheaper . Thinner gauge plastic I believe , ill-fitting lid , leaky wand and water delivery is uneven.To top it off - they do not include two of the most used tools for more than one person but give six one of a kind tools like orthodontic tool and two with brushes . You have to order another set if 2 people want to use the same type tool.I bought WaterPik because of it 's reputation and my previous good experience with it but I fear that reputation may be going down the drain if you will pardon the expression .
 This is the third generation water pik that I have owned . My previous one now appears to be called a classic . Now that we have used this model for a few weeks , given the choice , I would have preferred to stick with the classic model . My complaints with this model are :1 . It comes with a wide collection of tips - one of each . None of these tips are useful for me - I just want a bacic tip , and since it only comes with one basic tip it appears that this machine is configured for a single user . Now I have to go buy a second tip for $ 10 , when the whole machine cost less then $ 50 . It appears that Water Pic has adopted the HP printer ink model .2 . Since this is designed as a single user machine , there is no place to store tips for several users . The tip storage lid to the tank seems basically useless to me .3 . The water pressure with the standard tip feels to be less then the classic model - adequate when on max , but just barely .4 . The tank is significantly smaller then the classic model.If you are a new user of a water pik , and it is for only one person , then this machine is probably just fine . However , if you are replacing a Classic model that died -LRB- but you were happy with -RRB- , you may be happier buying a classic model to replace it .
 I bought it because of 1,000 good ratings . Then my dentist told me that manual flossing did a better job , and to use this only as a supplement . I tried the brush and found it nowhere near as good as an Oral B cross battery-powered brush . Since I ca n't return it -LRB- health product -RRB- , I 'll go back to my OralB and manual flossing , and throw this one out . Takes up too much space not to be used . Very disappointed .
 Judging by all the positive reviews , I must have a dud!Does no one else have a handle leakage problem or is it just expected from this kind of device?I received a new WP-100 yesterday and tried using it.First , it pours water out the handle faster than out the tip.Second , the instructions say if it leaks , the tip is not fully engaged so reinsert it . Well , I re-inserted the tip several times to no avail . So now what?Third , if I try to hold the tip hard against the handle using my finger , the tip keeps changing direction as I can not hold it in two directions at once.Fourth , I need about two + reservoirs for one cleaning at the rate water is pouring down my arm , so using Peridex additive will be an expensive proposition as most of it will go straight down the drain.Lastly , why the counterintuitive on-off function on the handle . Press the button and the water STOPS ? Would n't it be more usual to press the button for the water to START?The design of this device is really poor . Why not try using O-rings to prevent this problem ?
 I 've been a WaterPik user for years , and been very disappointed with the quality of recent products . As others have said , the tank on this model leaks badly . Even worse , the handle assembly simply falls apart and starts leaking around the release button , or fails to release the tips . I 'm about to order my THIRD replacement handle assembly , though I hate `` rewarding '' WaterPik for a shoddy product.Next time I buy a dental irrigator product , I 'm going to try one of WaterPik 's competitors .
 Had an old water Pic which was much more powerful . This unit lacks power and has to be filled up twice to do all your teeth ... I am not totally happy with this purchase
 Because it was Waterpik , I thought it would be good . I needed to replace my prior water flosser so I purchased this one by Waterpik . Not only did it fail to deliver the necessary force , it was messy and difficult to use . I threw it out .
 Leaked at the handle and made a mess constantly . Order two new handles -- took several weeks to arrive . Both of these sprayed water all over the counter . All dumped in trash . No more Waterpik products for me .
 For the first couple of months it was great . Then the button on the handle stopped working -LRB- it would stick ON or OFF -RRB- , and I eventually got used to having to start and stop the flow with the power switch . Then just recently , the handle started to leak and I ca n't use it without dribbling water all over . I think it 's too late to get a replacement so I am pretty much stuck with a messy , inconvenient machine that will sit on my sink until I figure out what to do with it : S
 I have had this waterpik for 2 weeks and the button on the handle is already sticking . This is creating a problem , especially if you are irrigating your nose . It is also hard using the grossan nose adapter . The water surges out until in a certain position . I have had 3 waterpiks prior to trying this new ULTRA . I prefer the older model for my usage .
 I am a first time buyer of the Waterpik Ultra 100 w/c . The tank is too small and the motor seemed troubled and stopped after our first use . The manual said the Waterpik could only be used for 5 minutes before needing a rest to cool down before next use . We tried every thing in the manual to make it work . After an hour of doing whatever we could , I am sending it back . Motor sounds bad with a beeping sound that would start every time it was turned on . Looking forward to trying again -LRB- as all good Americans will -RRB- every time I need a good cleaning . Long live our one sided trade with China . Is it too late to relocate the American firm ?
 I have owned two of these exact models , one after the other , and both broke within weeks of purchase . This was not from abuse or even changing parts . I kept the same tip on and kept it at the same mid-level setting ! Because I did not have time to go to a post office to mail the first one back , I bought another . I have dental pockets and they require constant attention.The problem is that after a while the tip just starts to wobble and breaks off . I have gone through 4 tips . Also the handle where the tip is inserted just gives out and begins to leak water . I had the same problem with Water Pik years ago -LRB- I went through 3 machines then -RRB- , but because I like the feeling of clean I get when they work properly , I decided to try the product again recently . I 'm sorry I did.It would be wonderful if someone could make a similar product that can be used with mouth wash . The only ones that I see that might not be prone to break , attach directly to the sink spigot . But you ca n't use mouth wash with those can you ?
 Other reviews said their Water Pik showed up with problems right out the box . I guess I had to see for myself . I wished I did not . Leaked right out of the box , motor only works sometimes , storage lid for extra tips is junk , keeps opening and spilling contents . Strongly avoid this . This is the second Water Pik that I have purchased and had bad luck with both . JUNK !!!
 I would hope that my experience was not typical ~ the motor failed to turn on which severely impeded my ability to really evaluate the item . My sense is that for a product such as this , inexpensive is probably not the best way to go .
 I have actually bought two of these models because I thought that perhaps the first one just had a non-standard flaw -LRB- silly me -RRB- . I bought the second machine after the first one broke because I really like waterpics ; they do a great job at cleaning but the flaw is that after about two months of use , the blue button that stops flow constantly jams . Then it began to leak at the point where the nozzle attaches to the handle and would eject the nozzle . Thus the machine would be great if it lasted more than 2 months but since it is not a `` disposable '' machine , it is basically a waste of $ 50 . There is also no way to clean the `` plumbing '' of the machine .
 I purchased a Waterpik Ultra in November of 2007 . In as little as two months of use the handle is leaking and does not allow for continued use . I have been unable to contact their Customer Service department through their website or by phone . Apparently there is no Customer service . Another American company that has failed to provide a product that will last more than 2 weeks . I have reviewed many customer complaints on this product and I find that my leaking problem seems to be the main complaint from everyone . Oh , did I mention that they sell extra handles for $ 5.50 ? And the stock seems to be out at this moment . I would not recommend this product or any product from this company this .
 The motor just failed to turn on and it only generate a loud noise.The first one failed within one month , after I changed a new one , the next one failed within two month.I hope I can get better product than this .
 Purchased in December and now on May 5th , only five months later it 's in my bathroom trashcan.Motor has always been weak compared to previous Waterpiks I have owned , but the real problem with this model is the water cord to the nozzle wraps up and kinks and once that happens there is no way to clear it.Save yourself some time and money and look elsewhere than this model .
 I have used Waterpik brand for over 30 years . I have owned 4 in that time . Boy , has this product gone downhill . This first one lasted over 20 years . The third one broke after a year . Of the 2 my husband and I just ordered , 1 has very little water pressure , even on the highest setting , and the reservoir empties 4 times faster than the last one we 'd purchased a year ago . It does not last long enough for me to clean all my teeth . The second one is only a little better . I will never buy this product again . I can understand an occasional `` lemon '' , but we ordered 2 and neither one works well . So disappointing after being a lifelong fan .
 I was very excited to get this product . I had one before and I loved the way it worked . I just got this one and it does n't work . I am returning it .
 Product was not labeled that it could not be used in Australia . Even with plug adapter . Item blew up on first attempt . No information from the seller to advise that it was not suitable to international power . So overseas purchasers beware.The item itself arrived as described in good time .
 Believe this product to be good but had to return it as voltage is not suitable for Australia -LRB- 240 Volts -RRB- .
 This unit feels cheap the moment you remove it from the box . The water pulse is strong but the unit is unwieldy and very difficult to use effectively , and even when used properly leaves plenty of plaque and bits of food between teeth . The water flosser it replaced -LRB- an Oral Breeze -RRB- did n't work very well either , but at least it was cheap and easy to use , convenient , and did n't require daily cleaning or severe caution in using a pump motor with a full tank of water near an electrical outlet . Forget letting your kids use this thing -- it 'd be dangerous . And whose bonehead decision was it to make the unit pump water freely as the default action , with a button needing to be pressed to stop the flow ? I 've made so many messes because of that lunacy and I 've only had this thing a week . Pity there 's no money back guarantee , because even though I almost never take companies up on those , this is one instance where I would . This Waterpik sucks .
 I hate the design and fit of the reservoir lid . It has a compartment to hold the extra picks and is awkward to remove to add water . I tried to leave it off but the pump vibration spays water all over . The shape of the lid and the little lip that has to align with the reservoir makes alignment to put it back on very precise . Makes you feel like your assembling a puzzle or a clock instead of a lid just to keep the water from splashing out . Remove the lid to add water the wrong way and the storage compartment opens up and one or more of the extra picks and attachments fall out . The fitment of those is another mystery puzzle . Very user unfriendly . The product engineers must all have dentures.I miss my cheap old water pick and its elegant reservoir design with a hindged lid .
 first off this is a ok product the effort and mess it makes to get out the minimal food is not worth the 50 bucks.consfirst you have to use warm water and fill the reservoir it is a nice size i never had a problem with it running out but you also have to dry it or it could grow bacteria inside ... second this thing is loud and vibrates my counter which then vibrates the wall which wakes people up.third alot of the the tips are useless like the tongue scraper it really does not scrape anything off at allthe settings are ok but you will find yourself just using one setting and thats it the higher ones just hurt and the low ones dont do anythingvery messy and doesnt really get everything outprosthe hose is memory coiled so it goes neatly back into its resting spot so no need to coil it up like a extension cord or anything.the tip spins 360 so you dont have to keep moving your arm just stick it in your mouth and spin with your thumb.large reservoirin conclusion i would rather use regular floss or get one of those plastic arm flosses to help because this is to much of a hassle by the time i warm the water up fill the reservoir with water clean the mess in my bathroom then brush my teeth and mouthwash i could of been asleep . i returned it for a full refund which makes me worried will they resell this ? ewww
 This is the 3rd waterpik I 've had and there is something wrong with it . The water jet dose n't have the force of the previous 2 that I 've owned . The dial to adjust the force of the water goes from 1-10 . In the first two I would set the dial around 5-6 and that gave plenty of water pressure . On this one I set it at the highest level , i.e. , 10 and it feels as if I have it on 3 . I called the 800 number of waterpik and told them of the above . The gal that I talked to was rude , nonresponsive to my concerns as if I were an idiot . She instructed me to perform a certain task , which I had already done per the instructions that came with the waterpik , and when I repeated the instructions the waterpik still did n't perform up to the standards of the first two .
 The product works good when its new , good product , but when its 2 or 3 tears old and theunit starts to leak then the customer service does n't want to help you what so ever . theyjust want you to buy more parts for the product , its like it has a built in breakage factor , I had 2 units and the same thing happened to both of them , the first one was getting older soI opted to buy a new unit , the second will get pitched and thats it for me and waterpic junk .
 I have purchased 3 Waterpiks now ... 2 ultra 's and they all fail relatively the same and relatively quickly . They last about a year that 's it.The hoses fail . They pinch off eventually and leak.Don ' t buy Waterpik junk . They have intentionally put in a failure point so you have to buy a new on every year . It 's garbage . If you do n't believe me , Google `` repair waterpik hose '' and you will see all the people with the same issue . You will also see repair kits that cost as much as a new waterpik . Do n't bother going down this path in the first and buy a different brand .
 Just got this today ... returning it tomorrow.I filled the reservoir then put it on the shelf next to the sink and noticed water was coming from somewhere . It was coming from the waterpik itself - out of the top -LRB- where you put the heads in -RRB- and from around the big blue `` pause '' button on the front that you see in the picture . So before I even plugged this thing in I had lost about an inch of water from the reservoir and it was on my floor.I thought , `` maybe it just needs to be run through a bit ... let 's try it out . '' I plugged it in -LRB- but did not turn it on -RRB- and because water was still coming out I pushed the pause button to put one of the heads in . Water immediately started coming out -LRB- unit is turned OFF , remember -RRB- . I turned it on , and water was coming out even faster.The cover to the reservoir is the case to hold all the tips ... but there are more tips than slots . And then to top that off the cover does n't have a latch . It just closes without a lip so if you do n't get the top on quite right when you 're trying to fit it on top of the reservoir it will fall into the reservoir or the floor and then it will inevitably pop open and then the loose heads you 've stored in there go flying . Just adds to your lovely Waterpik experience !!! This was just plain MESSY . By the time I gave up I had water on my hair , on my shirt , on the floor , on the mirror . Everywhere . Also , the heads do n't do anything except spout water . So , why you need 6-8 heads is beyond me . They do n't swivel or vibrate ... nothing . I expected the brush head and the plaque seeker to swivel -LRB- like my Oral B electric toothbrush -RRB- . So you have all these heads that do the same thing ... spout water . Oh , and the water pressure ? 1-5 are virtually the same . Some people on Amazon must have some reallllly sensitive gums to need to start at 2 and work their way up ... but I 'm pregnant and my gums are pretty sensitive right now and which is why I purchased this item . I wanted my mouth to feel very clean and be able to get into those hard to reach areas . I feel like I just paid too much money for a toy that does n't work .
 This is my second Waterpik . I bought this second time even after my first product stopped working after one use , due to raving reviews from other customers . My second product stopped working on day 15 . I am not sure what 's wrong with this . I am returning this and ordering a different product this time .
 The pressure at the tip is not nearly as high as previous models . So low that I threw it in the trash . Back to the larger model .
 I have had one for four years . From the git go , I had problems with the lid . It is not hinged and it easily falls into the water tank . The clamp that holds the water pik is plastic and it eventually broke but I always had problems with it holding the pik . Whenever the pik is laid flat which happens sometimes when it falls out of the clamp , it leaks water . Apparently , there is a gravity flow . If properly designed , water should eject only when it is pumped . This could also be alleviated if the switch on the pik had to be pressed in order to get the water to flow . As the pik functions , the button can be pressed on the pik to stop the flow but when it is released the flow commences . Personally I would prefer it if the water did not flow until I pressed the switch on the pik . However , what finished the pik off was that the hose began to leak where it comes out at the bottom . Poor design having the hose underneath the pik .
 If first impressions make lasting impressions , then this model of waterpik has failed miserably . I bought the WP-100 which even after my best efforts refused to work ! Well an hour later I returned it . So much for the hype on the waterpik website !! Does the manufacturer even test these before shipping them ? How many products go DOA?Well , I got it exchanged for a Interplak WJ6RB . The product atleast worked the first time and worked again today morning .
 Bought this wp-100 several years ago at the request of my dental hygenist . Used it for most of the first year and realized the cord was short , had to bend over and it was not comfortable on my back , and I could expect the tip to come off at least twice a session , if not more . Then near the end of its use I noticed a black residue lining the seams of the handle and when I pulled the tip off and looked down into the handle there was more black ooze . Needless to say I am thinking mold and go research the instruction book where nothing is said about mold . I go to their web site and do find instructions for dealing with mold , which tells me to run bleach through the unit to rid it of mold . There is also a warning that doing this might reduce the effectiveness of the unit . Lets see , mold being pushed into your teeth , gums and mouth under pressure or worry about the life of the product . Well I used the bleach and it looked clean , but you can not take it apart to see for sure . So there it sits on the shelf in my basement.Good luck to all . I just thought everyone should know .
 Very disappointed . All these flaws have been individually documented by others so I will just summarize them here :1 . Needs new head replacements more than once a year which often do n't work either .2 . More attachments come with unit than fit into its container top holder . No simple explanation as to what each does best .3 . Most attachments fail to click in place even with new handle after a few months . No way to buy them individually .4 . Sprays water everywhere at any setting . You need to change clothes after using it and clean bathroom sink and mirror too .5 . Extremely noisy .6 . Hose too short , so you have to bend head down to use it . That defeats its purpose as your head needs to be in normal position for spray to be effective .7 . Container top often falls into the unit itself during use .8 . Earlier models produced better results with fewer problems . New does not mean improved here .9 . Dentists and hygienists keep recommending it by name despite all the above problems which they 've heard many times from their patients and for which they have no solutions . Give no alternatives either .10 . Product ratings are misleading as most are written after the first few uses and customers assume if we use it more it will continue to work . Bad assumption .11 . Alternatives available through amazon all rate even lower .12 . Works great for some , but not for many and not for long.Waterpik Ultra Dental Water Jet
 The WaterFlosser stopped working after less than 2 months . Somehow the amazon return window was covering this product for less than 1 month and a half . So the only option I got is to just throw the flooser away , and stop purchasing through the Amazon .
 The control on the handle would stick and within two weeks it stuck closed . This is one more cheaply made product .
 This and other WaterPiks are advertised as water flossers and with their optional Pik Pocket Tips to access 90 % of a 6mm pocket . Here is their product description of their optional Replacement Pocket Tips
 Exploded inside from the first useAnd I wasted my time reading how to use itDid n't last one day afterall
 I bought a different model waterpik and have been very disappointed with the device 's tips quality . The tips are extremely fragile . if the device tips over , they WILL break . Mine broke within 2 days . I contacted Customer Service and was told they would ship me a new set of tips , that was in December 2010 , and as of today , Feb 13 , 2011 , I have not received the replacement tips . I will never buy another waterpik product .
 Order the product but did n't work due to power supply difference -LRB- was not stated when buying product -RRB- sent back for refund which cost more the the product was better off not sending the product back .
 It is too bad that this device only supports 120 volts , nowadays all electronics support 120 - 240 Volts.I was going to order three , but unfortunately they are not compatible in my country -LRB- I need a transformer -RRB- .
 Our dentist has been recommending this product to us for awhile . Have tried it a few times but not to impressed so far .
 i bought this online first of all it took about 3 weeks to arrive !!! i was very thrilled to use it after reading all the good things about it but i am afraid this thing did not add any additional benifit to my 4 $ battery brush from walmarti find it useless i bought it for my braces and i guess i am gaining nothing but a messy bathroom
 Bought the Waterpik Ultra Dental Water Jet on September 27 , 2008 and it no longer works as of today December 27 , 2008 . To only work for 3 months is COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE ! Just like that there is no water pressure anymore . When the Waterpik works , there is nothing that beats it for oral hygiene but this product or any other should not be allowed to be sold if it can not work MINIMUM one year ... Amazon 's return policy is only good for 30 days so now I have to deal with Waterpik directly . There is a 2-year warranty through Waterpik ...
 We are very disappointed with this device . We bought it only a few months ago and have been using it regularly , two adults , once a day , but recently the top bit of the handle started to leak big time and the waterpik has since become unusable . This is very disappointing . We are going to have to trash it and find an alternative product . Personally I find it simply scandalous to market such rubbish products . Yet another consequence of nonsensical outsourcing and frenetic globalization . I 'd much rather spend twice the price for a reliable product , rather than one that lasts four months and will end up polluting the planet a bit more .
 The waterject failed to operate after a few times -LRB- less than 10 -RRB- . The engine is dead , no water came out .
 I purchased this product based on the manufacturer 's claim that it removes 99 % of all plaque along with another claim that it performs better than traditional flossing.Well , if it really truly performs better than flossing , then I should n't be able to see anything on a string of floss after using the Waterpik . Wrong ! After using the Waterpik at the highest setting , I tested its effectiveness by using floss , and there were enough plaque and debri that the floss picked up AFTER the Waterpik to deem it not adequate . I performed this test multiple times over a 2-week period and got the same results.Just think about it . How can it be possible for a stream of water to reach certain places under the gum line that string floss obviously can ? Thus , the claims by Waterpik were all marketing hype !
 I am an experienced user and have owned 5 different models including this one . The others were Trisa , Bosch , Braun and Phillips . All of them better than this.The machine is designed around looks alone , with no concern about practicality or ease of use.First - Handle in front of reservoir . Usually the machine will be placed against some surface -LRB- eg . bathroom mirror -RRB- . Now with the pick in front and the wall/mirror behind , you have to carefully sneak the reservoir between the two to place it or remove from the machine . That 's why most other machines have the handle to the side of the containerSecond - Lid does n't come off . The reservoir lid is hollow and opens up to reveal spare attachments inside . When you try lift it off to fill the reservoir , the lid opens instead of coming off . It 's extremely tricky grasping the lid to lift it off instead of opening it up . I 've had to leave it off permanently.Third - Bad tips . The clear transparent tips become invisible in your mouth . When looking into the mirror to gauge where to place the tip , you have to give it a few twists to see exactly where it 's pointing . They are also too thick and bulky to easily manage while in your mouth . The bend of the tip is n't correct to point into the spaces between the back teeth.Fourth - Unreachable button . The flow stop button is located in the wrong place on the handle . Holding the handle properly , with your thumb and index finger on the twist ring during normal use , the button finds itself down in the middle of your palm !! Impossible to reach without fumbling and re-positioning the whole handle . On other machines the button can be pressed by simply shifting your thumb.Fifth - Bad handle holder . You 'd expect to be able to insert tips while the handle is on the machine . Wrong . The cheap handle clip/holder on the front of the machine flexes open when pushing down on the handle to insert a tip and the handle slides down . You have to remove and hold the handle first , before inserting the tip.Sixth - Hidden water level . The bottom part -LRB- about a quarter -RRB- of the reservoir fits into the body of the machine . That whole section is concealed from view . Once the water level goes past that point you have no idea how much longer you have water left.Seventh - Bad pipe design . There is a long section -LRB- about 2 inches -RRB- of straight pipe that enters the bottom of the handle . This section is all that pushes the rest of the curled pipe into the machine . Being new it 's still stiff enough to do the job , but I see it weakening very quickly after regular use , eventually making it very difficult to keep the curled pipe pushed back.Pros - Good looking . Quiet . Tips insert and eject very easily . Cheap.However I would not recommend it to anyone.UPDATE
 We bought this Waterpic on July 23 , 2008 . I liked the way the product worked on my teeth , but the nozzle did pop off more than when once putting my hand in the wrong place . Even after getting used to it , if I was tired and not paying attention , if would happen now and then . The on/off switch on the handle stuck after a couple months , but it 's not necessary -LRB- you 're standing over the sink anyway -RRB- . After about 2 years , the nozzle would no longer stay in the handle , rendering the device useless -LRB- and I tried everything out in my shop , short of breaking the plactic to fix that -RRB- . We switched to identical unit that my wife 's dad had bought -LRB- having inherited it when he died last Dec. -RRB- . That one quit working last week -LRB- less than 2 yrs . old -RRB- ... lost pressure to almost zero . We really like them when they worked , but expected longer life for the money . Just got an Oral Breeze through Amazon - hooks up easily to the faucet ; pops on and off when you WANT it to , and seems a much better value at $ 25 . I wo n't review it until we 've had it for a year though .
 This Waterpik was terrific UNTIL it stopped working and seemed to clog up after a short period of time . MY husband tried strightening the cords going into device but nothing worked .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . It makes too much noise and can not be used when my children are sleeping because the noise wakes them up . It seems poorly make and I broke the first attachment I used when I removed it from the attachment handle.I was expecting so much more quality from this brand name .
 I recently blogged about a grossly disappointing dental jet , the Interplak Dental Water Jet . It is a delight to post a highly positive review on the Waterpik Ultra . It is by far the best dental jet I have owned . It has a quality feel to it . You can turn it off and on without the thing sliding all over the counter . It has multiple pressure settings and a workable pause control . The piks easily insert and remove . That sounds picayune but the Interplak Dental Water Jet was a major effort to remove or insert the pik . If you are sharing a unit you will want to insert and remove the piks easily . My only criticism of the unit is that I wish they would have included 4 regular water piks instead of two . My compulsive personality would like to have a backup pik for myself and my spouse . This is a five star unit and worth every penny . I got mine at Amazon.Update
 A friend of mine was using this spray to clean her kitchen and I loved the smell ! I was about to buy my own supply , but I always research before I buy . I began to read the label and was scared out of spraying this in my own home . This spray as well as many other Mrs. Meyers products contains 1,2-Benzisothiazolin-3-one which caused respiratory toxicity , developmental toxicity , and immunotoxicity . It also contains Ethyl Alcohol which is a strong carcinogenic -LRB- causes cancer -RRB- ! Why would I ever put these chemicals in my home where my child and my dogs will come in contact with them ! Way too scary . I was disappointed I ca n't use this because I do love the smell . However , I did just read that the counter wipes in the geranium scent is much healthier and no do n't contain any of those harmful chemicals . Read labels and in doing so you will protect your family !!!!
 Honeysuckle is my favorite Mrs. Meyers ' scent . A few years ago it was available in a mini kit . I am thrilled to see it again -LRB- and in larger bottles . -RRB- I got a shipment today from another popular site , but came here looking for a deal on a bulk shipment . Here they are 3 for $ 30 ... $ 10 each ! They are just under $ 6 on that other site . 6 for $ 30 would be a good deal , but this is a total rip-off !
 I picked this up because I try to be enviro-friendly and artificial scents give me awful headaches . Usually I useSeventh Generation.This smelled okay in the bottle , but upon washing clothes , it left a distinctly cedar scent . I am not sure of the blend of essential oils and other scents in this , but it comes off as Cedar - the fake scent as in men 's cologne -LRB- which I can not tolerate -RRB- . Also , this left a very sticky residue all over my hands . I washed my delicate shower curtain by hand in the sink , and this left a residue all over the shower curtain and my hands which took 4 washings to remove . If it is leaving this much residue , then I do n't want it on my fabrics/clothing . I emailed the company a week ago and still have not heard from customer service . Basically at this point , I wish to have a refund due to the problems I encountered.I will happily return to using my Seventh Generation which has none of these issues .
 I ordered this for a backup when/if the ones at my job malfunction and it was something I would never do again ! It was delivered to me broken , the bp cuff was ok but the stethoscope was broken in several pieces !!! I will not order from this seller again and will buy something like this at a local store . It was cheap and thats exactly what it is ... cheap !
 I have tried a few different calcium supplements , mostly tablets-but I have tried a couple types of chewable calcium supplements . I have no trouble swallowing calcium supplements , but these happened to be on sale . For a chewable vitamin-they tasted pretty good and did dissolve fairly quickly . However , they are very hard for chewable vitamins/tablets . For some reason , my body did not react very well to the chewable calcium tablets . Normally my nails grow at a healthy rate and are reasonably strong . However , after using the chewable vitamins my nails did not grow as well and were slightly softer . While I understand this could be due to a number of outside influences , I seem to respond better to tablets.One thing I did like was the lack of an upset stomach when using the chewables . Although I take vitamins and calcium supplements with food normally-I tend to get queasy when swallowing a few tablets at a time . With the chewables I never had this problem.I would recommend these to some one who has trouble dry swallowing pills and does have trouble with a calcium deficiency .
 I purchased these for my parents who have difficulty swallowing large pills . They were so hard they could not chew them . They even tried breaking them in pieces by hand with no luck . I am going to try and return and get my money back .
 I thought this product was calcium citrate , but it turns out it is carbonate which is not the recommended product by nutritionist I have talked with .
 I bought these because I needed calcium supplements for a bone injury . I was disappointed by the taste . The product tastes very chalky .
 I am trying to find some way to get calcium without swallowing those monster pills . I thought these chewables would do the trick . They 're even worse ! They 're huge -- about the size of twoTumstablets stacked together -- and too hard to chew . I have to let them dissolve , and it takes forever . They 're chalky tasting , with no compensating fruit flavor . I do n't want this aftertaste in my mouth all the time , so I guess it 's back to the pills .
 Shipping took forever , almost a month to get here after much trouble.Bought this to to relieve stress but ironically , it did the opposite.Egg is smaller than I thought for my hand . It does maintain its egg shape , which is a plus.It also collects dust very easily and there is a `` rotten '' smell to the egg that you can also smell on your hand after squeezing it .
 I am very disapointed in this item . Instead of saying that it is firm it should state that it is rock hard . I might as well have a rock to exercise my hand . It was a huge waste of money . If anything it will make my hands hurt worse .
 I like the texture of these Eggercizers , but after manipulating them for a while they get gummy . Baby powder or cornstarch helped , but that gets tacky , too , after a short time .
 Do n't buy .1 . It can not stay in place while pedaling . You would have to stop every 2-3 minutes to move it back .2 . Resistance dial controls do n't work at all . I could not feel the difference between different settings .
 This product is a total waste of space , even if it 's a small space . I could never get it into the right position and , once pedalling , it quickly moved away . It 's certainly not a replacement for a full fledged stationary bike . Save your money on this one !
 i got this for my husband to enhance our sex life , and this product sucks !! its too small and does not do what it claims it will do ! i will never purchase this again and will not recommend this to other people !!!! your best bet is to go with an adjustable cock ring , that way you can have the sensation and the results you want !!!
 They need to make this clip a bit larger to even come close to fitting like it shows in the picture . Piece of junk .
 They do glow in the dark if you put them under a light for 30 or so seconds , however when using them they were too small and they felt really weird . I switched out for a Trojan Magnum . Please make these in a bigger size .
 I do n't understand why these got such rave reviews . I agree with EH . They are very poor quality . They are so thin you can literally see through them which kind of negates wearing them as a protective shield against contact allergies -LRB- why I bought them in the first place -RRB- , the wrists are so baggy they fall off your hands unless you clinch them with a band or string , and the seams were already holey before I put them on , which only worsened after a cold water wash on the delicate cycle . I 'd return them if I could , but I ca n't . I just ordered some 100 % cotton parade gloves from Premiumuniformal.com I called first to try and get some info so I would n't repeat my same experience , but they would n't tell me how thick the gloves are . Instead they told me to just buy them and see -LRB- not exactly off to a good customer service start ... -RRB- . We 'll see . Maybe I 'll be pleasantly surprised or maybe I 'll just be throwing another $ 20 + away .
 I 've bought these gloves in the past and loved them.But recently I purchased them and the quality was terrible.They sent me replacements with the same horrible quality : Loose stitching ... seams coming apart ... holes in the seams.I might call them again , but I 'm getting irritated with themtaking up my time . Perhaps it is the recession , but if so thenthey could increase the price a little bit to pay for the samegood quality they used to make . I 'd rather pay a little more thanpay the same price for crummy gloves .
 this is the most disgusting thing i even drunk . it has the worst taste imaginable . i put sugar in it so i could drink it and not waste it , and that STILL did n't help . i would not recommend buying it . i did n't buy it from here though i bought it from Jewel .
 my wife bought this product for the first time when we were living in France . It was great.The new US model does not heat enough . So she has to use the microvawe first
 The product I got was defective and I am in the process of returning it . I am a long-time fan of One Touch and have been using the personal roll on waxers for close to 30 years . My 10 year old one works fine still , I just thought I 'd get a back up in case the old one broke . Unfortunately the new one did not get hot enough at all and I have to return it .
 Does not measure to 1/100 of a degree . Is not lighted . You can not read the temp without turning on a light . Does not show last temperature taken , although it is supposed to . I compared it to my reg digital thermometer and it is inferior . At least my reg . thermometer is lit and stores the last temp . I only bought this thermometer because it was the only one offered at my local wm supercenter . It was money wasted . Also it did not say on the package that it only measured to the tenth of a degree .
 This pad arrived in awful condition ; it is unusable , the eggcrate was so flattened and the creases from folding do not smooth out and it is not as thick as advertised . I have ordered mattress pads by mail before and yes they do take time to expand , but this one was n't doing it . Also , way overpriced . You will do much better buying one in store ; if the one in the store is n't thick enough , just by two , you will still spend less money than on this one . I have been having difficulty returning this item to the seller -LRB- taking over a month -RRB- ; I do not recommend the seller either .
 It does work , but is made of cheap plastic . Now , if it cost only $ 2.00 , that would be understandable . I do n't harbor any illusions that it will last very long .
 The gadget does work . I find it bulky , gawky , looks like cheap plastic . I bought two , one as gift . Not worthy of gift giving .
 Bracelet buddyWell pleased / met all requirements.Gave one as a gift and recepient is pleased also.Will order more items from time to time.Thank You , Barbara Young
 I think I need a left handed jar opener . So far I have not been able to open one single jar . If there are tips please let me know . I would love to use this product . I need to use it with my left hand .
 Have arthritis and thought this would be great , but it is hard to get it to work and requires a lot more strength than you might think . Would not buy again .
 I really wanted to like this product because it uses all natural ingredients and the packaging is cute . However , my two-year-old son hates it . The few times we tried it , he either cried or became irritated and wanted to get out of the bath , the exact opposite effect we were looking for . The point is to encourage a child to want to take a bath , right ? The smell -- a combination of citrus and other ingredients -- is also very strong . In fact , I think there is so much citrus -LRB- acidity ? -RRB- that it stinging our son 's eyes and maybe even his skin . There are little or no bubbles , which is also no fun . Even we -LRB- the parents -RRB- think it 's too powerful , and we only used one capful -LRB- the directions say you can use up to two -RRB- . If even we would n't use it in a bath , that 's when I know it 's not right . Finally , it 's expensive . I like supporting unique , environmentally friendly products , but we will not but this again .
 Too much Lavender for my liking ! I like the fact that Jao is heading in the right direction from Purell but still find it drying -LRB- and not completely natural ingredients PPG , Petrochemical Glycols -RRB- .
 I would not recommend buying this as it is made out of some kind of rubber product that burns after using it for just a few min . . girlfriend was none too happy to say the least . . would be a nice product if it were made of some other type of material .
 I 'm probably the realistic target market for an item of this dimension - a male size queen . It 's the right width for me , working on depth . But this is n't the right toy to do it.Y ` know all those warnings on the 8-inch variation about how there 's something wrong with this and it burns the exact sensitive tissues you 'd be using it with ? This has the exact same problem . It 's too large to use condoms as a workaround.Mine was packaged plastic-sealed over a cardboard backing . The cardboard backing had a moisture stain pattern obviously related to where it was contacting the toy . There 's definitely something chemically wrong with this product .
 I do not know what material this is made of , but it left intense burning . Can only be used wit a condom . I would not recommend this brand !
 I bought this product to help curb my appetite and instead it made me HUNGRIER !! This product must not have the sufficient amount of hoodia to work because it did nothing for me .
 The ship date for this product was continually pushed back . I cancelled the order because by the time I received it my son would have lost interest in Thomas . I 'm not at all happy with the service regarding this product .
 We could tell there was some `` chemical '' remains when we opened it - there was a smell . We washed it before using . During the first use she complained of a burning sensation . The burning continued for a few days after use . To experience the burning I put it in my mouth -LRB- do n't laugh -RRB- . Sure enough , my mouth was burning with nettle like tingling for quite a few hours . Never one to quit , we washed and washed it again . We soaked it . Did everything we could think of to remove the `` chemical '' . Needless to say , 2nd time was not a charm -LRB- more burning / nettle like tingling -RRB- . It straightway made it into the garbage .
 This thing is freaking HUGE !!! I could n't believe it ... the size of a small wrist ! OMG ! My boyfriend always wants to use it and I just ca n't handle it . Also , the material is like a pacifier jelly and EVERYTHING gets stuck to it -LRB- we have a dog ... so thats not fun -RRB- ... So if you are in an hermetically sealed environment and feeling loose GET IT !
 Do n't waste your money.As the other reviewer noted , it burns.Both ladies complained of burning and it flat out killed the mood.Thank goodness not all toys have this effect.If there was a way to give zero stars , I would do that.Like pouring alcohol on a paper cut .
 To echo some other reviews , this thing is HUGE . Almost unusable . It 's not stiff enough and smells like it came out of a plastic factory yesterday . If I could return it I would .
 NO MOVING PARTS contrary to depiction above . The `` attachments '' are tiny plastic 1.5 '' knobs that attach to a motionless center peg over which you are supposed to rub your feet ! They do not move . There is no massaging action - YOU DO ALL THE WORK , making your hips and knees sore . The `` massaging foot beds '' are totally motionless and form a spiky , painful surface . Vibration setting creates an annoying buzzing sensation over whole device . Jets are totally underpowered . No fill line indicator so `` Bubbles '' spill water onto floor . Heater is completely useless - after 15 minutes water temp was no different . Can not return because water ruins loofa and epsom salt pads . Classic deception in advertising .
 NO MOVING PARTS contrary to depiction above . The `` attachments '' are tiny plastic 1.5 '' knobs that attach to a motionless center peg over which you are supposed to rub your feet ! They do not move . There is no massaging action - YOU DO ALL THE WORK , making your hips and knees sore . The `` massaging foot beds '' are totally motionless and form a spiky , painful surface . Vibration setting creates an annoying buzzing sensation over whole device . Jets are totally underpowered . No fill line indicator so `` Bubbles '' spill water onto floor . Heater is completely useless - after 15 minutes water temp was no different . Can not return because water ruins loofas and epsom salt pads . Classic deception in advertising .
 Like another reviewer , I am disappointed in this product . The loofah pads and attachments pop off when you rub your foot on them -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- , which kind of defeats the purpose . If I wanted to scrub my feet by hand , I 'd use a hand-held loofah . The `` vibrations '' and `` heat '' are a joke . I put very warm water in it and it was cold within minutes and the vibration did nothing to massage my feet . There are some round massager things in the bottom , but again , if I wanted to massage my feet by hand , I would have done it instead of buying a foot spa . I 'll be returning this product . Does not meet my expectations at all .
 Was very dissapointed in this product . Recieved as a Christmas gift , not only does it not heat up water , it dosnt keep the warm water you put in warm for more then 4 mins ! In no time your feet are freezing ! A plastic pail would be better !
 It is shallow and the water splashes all over . The heat does not work ... It is only 85 watts so little power for heat . The massage is not powerful . Do n't waste your time nor money ... look to other products.Returned for a refund .
 NO MOVING PARTS contrary to depiction above . The `` attachments '' are tiny plastic 1.5 '' knobs that attach to a motionless center peg over which you are supposed to rub your feet ! They do not move . There is no massaging action - YOU DO ALL THE WORK , making your hips and knees sore . The `` massaging foot beds '' are totally motionless and form a spiky , painful surface . Vibration setting creates an annoying buzzing sensation over whole device . Jets are totally underpowered . No fill line indicator so `` Bubbles '' spill water onto floor . Heater is completely useless - after 15 minutes water temp was no different . Classic deception in advertising .
 Completely Worthless ... Does NOT have heat as advertised ... Does NOT heat up water ... You are required to fill unit with hot tape water ... Water jets point at your ankles ... Therefore does not massage your feet ... Water splashes everywhere ... Attachments are very cheap little plastic ... The foot massage rolls that go in the bottom ... You must move your feet back and fourth to get a massage at all ... Can not add foot solutions as this causes more water to splash all over your floor ... I am throwing mine into the trash can ...
 The problem mentioned by other reviewers are all true . `` Heating '' is practically non-existent . I am very disappointed at this.I also found that the water splashes out a lot . Although I kept the initial water level to that instructed on the machine , after keeping the jet on for about ten minutes , half of the water had splashed out of the bath . I am going to see if I can return this tomorrow .
 This model is not particularly powerful -LRB- jet pressure -RRB- in comparison to an older model by Conair -LRB- which is no longer available -RRB- . The water does not ` heat ' either . All in all , I was very disappointed in the unit .
 It was purchased in hopes of relieving heel pain . The unit is n't deep enough to do any good . Also the `` massage pods '' hurt .
 What a horrible product ! The water cools so quickly because of the wussy aeration from the jets & bubbles . If you removed the removable rollers on the bottom , you are stuck with the very poky and sharp roller holders that make it so you ca n't even put your feet down without pain . If you have anything like a normal foot , above a size 7 or so , you wo n't have enough room to even use the rollers . The attachments are lame and unusable due to the position on the machine you place them . The loofahs kind of grossed me out , because after a few uses , they are gon na get nasty -LRB- just like a loofah in the shower does -RRB- and then what are ya ' gon na do with that part of the machine ? Save your pennies and buy a large dishpan , it will stay warmer longer and wo n't poke the bottom of your feet .
 I understand I 'm not going to get the pedicure experience of a salon massage chair at home - certainly not for under $ 50 . I was prepared to not mistake the jets , bubbles , massagers , etc. for a professional pedicurist . I was prepared to fill the bath with hot water and carry it to a comfy chair where my minimal requirements were for the water to move around pleasantly while remaining warm for 20 minutes and perhaps the massaging tools to work somewhat . None of these requirements were met . If there is a heating element , it does not work properly . The water cooled even faster than water in a plain tub because of the bubbling action . Perhaps constantly moving your feet over nobby ribbed tubes of hard plastic that rest directly under the arch of your foot constitutes `` massaging rollers '' for someone somewhere , but not for me . -LRB- The instructions do tell you how to remove the rods which I thought was odd until I realized how uncomfortable they were . -RRB- The water did `` bubble '' just enough to cool the water quickly , but come on - there were never going to be `` jets . '' The loofahs are 1/4 '' thick circles of what might as well be cheap sponge , and the massage tool in the middle requires you to pull your foot out of the water , hold it over a pronged or molded piece of plastic the size of a half-dollar and press down while wiggling your foot around to simulate a massaging motion . Conair should have to reimburse me for the gas it will take to return this utterly worthless piece of plastic . Save yourself . Save your money . Save your feet . Use a bucket .
 They have a lot of nerve , selling this as a unit with heat . It was a gift , and I feel bad that my loved one wasted good money on this plastic piece of junk . Meanwhile , my feet hurt .
 My wife really likes the attachments and style of the footbath , but when you turn on heat and bubble , it seems to cool the water in just a few minutes and not heat at all . I guess it is injecting air which is why it is cooling the water , so that seems to be a big flaw in the design .
 If you just want somthing that bubbles around your feet ok , If you are looking to relax your tired feet this aint it !!!! I was disappointed when I came home from work and opened it up I used it once and put it back in box ... Waste of MONEY !!!
 This foot bath will probably give you stress rather than relax your feet . As mentioned by other reviewers , it does not warm water at all . You have to add the warm water . While the product claims to keep said warm water warm for a while , it will get cold within 5 minutes . Honestly , I think the machine cools the water . There are no moving parts , so to use all the attachments you have to move your foot over them . Another problem I 've found is the particularly low maximum water level which leaves half my foot out of the foot bath . Even when you do n't exceed the max water level line , a lot of the water is thrown out when using the bubbles function . As was also mentioned by other reviewers , the water jets are practically useless . The water is thrown at your ankles and I would n't use `` jet '' as a way to describe it ... it is more like a water stream . Obviously , I was disappointed by this product .
 Do n't waste your money . It says it has heat . I poured in warm/hot water and within minutes it was cold . I just bought it last night and plan to return it today to the store . I hope they take it back .
 got it from sears at a huge discount . Still felt I overpaid through the nose . It should not cost more than a dollar ... if that ... it is just a tiny bath -LRB- big enough for two adult feet -RRB- and has a power cord . With two nozzles that squirt water at idiotic speed.You do all the rest .
 Horrible product . It holds water -LRB- does not heat it -RRB- and vibrates . I recommend just buying a bucket , filling it with warm water , and then humming your favorite song very loud to create some sort of vibration throughout your body . Nothing on this moves or massages . The 5 `` massaging '' attachments are plastic knobs that you are supposed to just step on . Again , there is a cheaper way - just walk though a child 's play room and step on blocks or legos . Same effect . What a joke .
 Very disappointed - the heater is not working and it 's overall of a poor quality . Should have read the reviews here before ordering and wasting 70dollars . .
 Because it really did n't massage my feet at all . sure , it works nicely as a bubbling , vibrating footbath , but that 's about it . the jets were so weak that i could barely feel them on my toes.as for the massage , there are four attachments you can clip into the top , but you have to lift your foot out of the bath and rub it on the back middle part of the machine . doing this does n't really provide much in the way of a massage , and its awkward and uncomfortable to do.you can rub your feet along the bottom of the machine against what i assume are meant to be massaging pieces of plastic , but again , not much of a massage . and the plastic pieces pop out repeatedly.if i had known the massage part was going to be so lame , i would have gone with a cheaper model that just had bubbles , which i recommend that you do if your main purpose is a footbath . if your main use for this product is a foot massage , go elsewhere.on the plus side , the retractable cord is very useful thus far -LRB- two days in -RRB- .
 Splashes a lot of water out , especially with the bubble function on . Place it on a towel or 2 . Does not heat the water like it claims , if it does your toes will be prunes by the time it does . Just grab the towels and pour in hot water and it does ok , not worth the price tag in my opinion
 I actually can not really review the actual product because it is unavailable . I ordered the product pictured above from Allegro Medical and received the usual order confirmation from Amazon and also one from Allegro stating I had ordered this product . Allegro took it upon themselves to ship me a different model without my consent and billed me for it . I contacted customer service via e-mail with no response . I called and they apologized and told me this model was unavailable . I informed them that it is wrong to advertise something unavailable and to substitute without customer consent . It has been like pulling teeth to get a return auth # and a prepaid shipping label . I see it is still listed as available and it is not so if you plan to buy this item wait for it to come available with another seller . Do n't put yourself through the hassle .
 Other then that fact about the heater , I love how the jets and vibrator does work . for the money though the heater should be working .
 The product is backed by the Great Dane Lady , but from my experience , there just was n't enough improvement in my dog for me to purchase this again .
 My 3 yr old rottweiler started limping on his front paws a few months ago & was eventually diagnosed with elbow dysplasia . I rested him as directed by the vet & even tried 2 anti-inflammatories w/no improvement . Surgery is a last resort so I started researching glucosamine products . A lot of the reviewers of this products had much older dogs & seemed to have great results so I went with this product.Unfortunately I 'm not impressed . The product took forever to come & did n't come in the stated time frame . I 've been giving it faithfully twice a day -LRB- this is the start of the 4th wk -RRB- & no improvement with his limping . He does n't care for the taste one bit so I literally have to give it to him w/a syringe -LRB- which is a small price to pay if it improved or stopped the limping -RRB- . I will finish the bottle but if no difference is noticed I plan on trying the Bellyrubs brand . I just might have to consider surgery afterall .
 This product as others have said , does not heat up . Used it only a handful of times and it stopped working . A waste of money
 This thing is an utter and complete fraud . It does not heat , it does not massage , and it most certainly not relaxing , given the headache you 'll receive from the drone of the motor . Despite it being as loud as a vacuum cleaner , it has none of the power and propulsion force you 'd expect with all that noise . The jet is very weak and I could barely feel it . About all it 's good for is making water sputter around and using up electricity . The `` massaging '' comes from you rubbing your feet over the raised surfaces , not that there 's much room to wiggle since the motor takes up the entire middle . Emptying it is also clumsy because it does n't have a spout or angled mouth.This thing is absolutely worthless . I rarely give 1 star reviews , but this product is not even deserving of that much . Do not buy unless you insist on wasting good money . You 'll get better results with a wash basin , a kettle of hot water , and a long tube to blow air into .
 This thing does not heat and does nothing . I am a victim of false advertising.You need to move your own feet to `` massage them '' on fixed hard , uncomfortable plastic fixtures . It hurts!It is noisy and a complete rip-off . I bought it for my wife for Christmas and it 's a total dud . What a disappointment ! Bummer .
 This foot spa was very disappointing . It is very noisy for one thing , but the worst thing is that it does not heat or maintain the heat of the water . It says on the box that it heats , but the customer service rep. even admitted that none of the Conair foot spas have any heating element whatsoever . How do they get away with this false advertising ?
 ONE Word
 Box says heat , but it does not heat . Water turns cold fast . Massage and bubbles are worthless . And the thing in the middle with the nodes , I have no idea what those are for . I know what they are suppose to be for , but they do n't do anything . This was a $ 20 bucket . Buy a bucket instead and save money .
 I was not expecting a deluxe experience ; all I required was a relatively roomy foot bath that would keep water hot . The Conair Foot Bath failed MISERABLY . I filled up the bath with bot water and turned it on , but by the time I had all my pedicure instruments laid out , the water was cold . The attachments are a joke . You snap on these massage tools to the socket in the middle and that 's it - it just sits there and you are expected to rub your foot back and forth over it . Again , I was not expecting much , but the product packaging just makes me angry . They make each dismally lame feature sound like such a bonus - imagine ! A button that turns ON and OFF ! A cord keeper ! WOW , what a feature , I was sooooo undecided between all my other options , but the CORD KEEPER really did it for me ! It 's like putting an outboard in a mud puddle and calling it a jacuzzi.I 'll be going back to the store tomorrow for a refund . Looks like I 'm back to soaking my feet in my son 's old baby tub , till I do some proper research and buy a model and brand that is a keeper .
 AS others said , the water gets cold -LRB- does n't even stay warm -RRB- . EXTREMLY DISAPPOINTED ! Should have returned but lost the receipt .
 Absolutely abysmal . I can not recommend this `` Relaxing Spa Foot Bath '' from Conair . The water goes cold very quickly -LRB- even though it is supposed to heat -RRB- , the foot area is cramped and it splashes water outside the unit all over the floor . Bad design . Exagerated claims .
 There is only 1 small strip of holes where the bubbles come from , right beneath your feet ; There 's no heat and it does not maintain the heat of the water ; The center attachments are just decorative - they do nothing without you having to rub your foot over them ; The unit is loud so you can hear the motor running like a fan , so it 's impossible to relax at all.Not a worthwhile choice if you 're looking for actual comfort and relaxation with the benefits that are advertised . I think it 's a ripoff because the box says `` with heat '' but there is no heat , and gives you the impression that the center attachments actually work . It 's a let down and when you 're looking forward to a nice foot massage with heat and bubbles , you end up with cold wet feet !
 This foot both is nice and relaxing . The bubbles are really nice . The down side is the ` heat ' is just not there at all . I started out with hot water and by the time i was done the water was cool . The attachments do n't really do much either . They kind of just sit there , i was n't really sure how it was supposed to massage anything . But i guess for a 5 min foot soak its OKAY , but not great .
 For the first time in what seems like forever , I went to my favorite department store . This particular foot bath was on clearance . Wanting a fun messaging foot bath for a long time , I decided to give this product a try . I got home from the store , quickly unwrapped my new foot bath and filled ` er up with water . My feet are in the bath as I 'm writing this . The other reviewer is right when he/she says the water gets cold ... and water splashes out of the tub . The tub feels cheap . The attachments are a joke . This whole product is a joke ! It 's best to save your money and/or splurge on a different brand foot bath . I am frantically trying to find my receipt so I can return this product , pronto !
 Nothing about this thing works as advertised . There is no heating element , hence no hot water . The `` strong massage '' consists of two rows of bubbles that are weaker than most bottles of seltzer . The `` soothe and massage '' attachments are hard plastic nodes that just sit there
 My wife was unhappy that it did n't heat up as is said it would on the box . THANK FOR THE X-MAS GIFT SHIPPER .
 I 'm using it now and it 's extremely noisy , water is already cold after 5 minutes , and the bubbles barely work . I 'm taking it back tomorrow . Very disappointed ...
 I 'm so disappointed with this unit . The only thing that I ca n't stand is the loudness . I feel the neighbors can hear the dang machine running . Embarrassed !!! I was hoping to feel relaxed and feel the massage of the bubbles but nope , I ca n't even feel the bubbles running at all . A complete waste of money . Do n't buy ... Beware !!!!
 Well , I ordered this one because the one I wanted was n't in stock anymore . The unit works and everything , it just is not what I was looking for . The massage element is almost non existent , though there are plenty of bubbles . The insert says that the heating element part does not heat up cool water , but maintain the warmth of already heated water , which is false . Because of the aerated bubbles , the water went cold very quickly . It comes with three attachments that you are supposed to affix to the middle portion of the unit , one for arches , one for soft massage and something else , but the post where you connect the attachment does not vibrate for the massage at all . I work in retail , and am in high heels 8-10 hours a day , 5 days a week , and I need something more powerful than this.I wish I would have just spent a little extra and gotten the more expensive one , or waited for the one I wanted to come back in stock !
 I have not gotten any heat when using this one ... plenty of bubbles but no heat . . gets ice cold ...
 Well . . This piece of plastic with a blower for bubbles does not represent what the product claims ... Heating ? None . . except around the heat of the blower running . The water gets cold fast . NO the water will not heat up . . So you must put in your own hot/warm water . Attachments . . JUNK . . They do nothing . THESE PEOPLE SHOULD BE SUED for FALSE ADVERTISING ... . Unfortunately for me I had a friend go and purchase ` something ' for me on my doctors orders . Yeah , I 'll keep it , all I wanted anyway was a foot bath to put epsom salts in ... and that 's exactly all it 's good for . Soaking ! Oh , the ` Bubbles ' ? They do n't even tickle ... Cheeesh ! I hope whoever 's reading this has n't bought the product yet -LRB- unlike me -RRB- .
 This is a single use item . Not worth returning . I expected more from a amazon product and I put it in the trash where it belonged .
 it 's quite noisy , considering it does n't do much except generating some light bubbles . the accessories are confusing , since there is no brochure to explain the function and how to use them , so I just tossed them aside . I felt embarassed to spend close to 30 dollars to get a noisy washing basin .
 Does not function as advertised . Does not heat or massage - I found that rubbing my feet on the attachments as intended makes my feet feel worse , not better . Motor is so loud that I could not hear the television over it , even at full volume . In the end I just soaked my feet in it unplugged for a few minutes until the water got too cold . I got this to replace a plastic bin I was soaking my feet in before , but in the end I use this in the same way , it just does n't hold as much water . Do n't bother purchasing this product .
 very cheaply made . No light to let you know machine is on , you go to one side for bubbles and other side for heat , but machine does n't really keep water hot . If I had to do over , I would have spent the extra money and go a better one .
 The tub does n't leak and the bubble pump works well.However , the pump motor is LOUD and interferes with ` over the air ' television . The heater is weak -- hot water is cold quick . If you hope for a warm foot soak , look elsewhere .
 If only I had read some of the reviews before purchasing ... It literally does nothing . It 's incredibly loud and obnoxious . It does not heat . It bubbles , but it 's ... pointless . Just get a bucket of water to dip your feet in , that 's what this is .
 I bought one of these because I am on my feet all day at my job and wanted something to ease the aching in them after a hard day . The bubbles do feel good , but that is the only good thing I can say about this product . The water gets cold quickly , even though the description claims this product keeps the water heated . Worst of all , it is not relaxing because the noise is like a vacuum cleaner . I even tried putting in earphones while using it , and I still could n't drown out the noise . I still use it occasionally , but I get more relief from using a cooling foot lotion than using this foot bath .
 A plastic dish tub would work as well . The heater does not maintain the heat any longer than not having a heater at all -- about three minutes . The max fill line is so shallow your ankles freeze . The bubbles could be recreated using a turkey baster and squeezing the empty bulb into the water -- there is n't enough action to serve any therapeutic purpose . The massage feature is , as commented before , a choice between one of three hard knobs that do nothing . The idea is that you take your feet out of the water and rub them around on the knob -LRB- or jagged teeth whichever you prefer -RRB- . The packaging is attractive though .
 Unfortunately I am unable to review the product . Although Amazon.com billed me for the product on June 15 , 25 DAYS HAVE PASSED AND I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT . I have been in contact with USAMEDICALS who was supposed to have shipped the product , but I am still awaiting the delivery . I am totally dissatisfied with the service of both Amazon.com and USAMEDICALS .
 For me this deodorant works well for about 2-3 maybe 4 hrs , later on bad odor begins to come out . I am not going to buy another one , have to look for something else , organic too .
 Being an avid Howard Stern fan , I tend to listen to him when it comes to products that he likes . He was searching for a deoderant that did n't contain aluminum because there are studies that link aluminum to certain cancers . He came upon Nature 's Gate and was so happy that he found an aluminum free deoderant since he is very health concious . I decided to also try this product . Shortly after purchasing and using it I realized that it had no staying power for body odor . My job does n't entail any physical labor but by the time I would get home from work I noticed that unwanted aroma wafting from my arm pits . I immediately stopped using it because I want to smell like a female , not a physical laborer . Shortly after I stopped using it , Howard starting mentioning on air that he was smelling ' a whiff ' with this product and he has since stopped using it . So , this product MAY be safer to use health wise but stink-wise it does n't cut the mustard .
 I love Nature 's Gate products , especially their shampoos and face wash so I figured I would give their Lemongrass and Clary Sage deodorant a try since the last natural deodorant I found without aluminum actually had Triclosan in it . The scent was great but it lost its effectiveness about halfway through my work day -LRB- mostly computer desk work -RRB- . Unfortunately the second day I decided to use a fair amount more given that it was not as strong as normal deodorants . After working out I found that my underarms were very swollen , red , and irritated . Apparently I must be allergic to something in the deodorant . Possibly its the sage i 'm allergic to as I have come in contact with lemongrass many times even in drinks so I 'm gon na keep using Nature 's Gate stuff but I might veer away from their deodorants for now . Allergy sufferers be careful and test it lightly first .
 I got this for myself , thinking out would be a pleasant smelling natural deodorant . The smell was much too strong for me to wear . It smells like old school Old Spice . I smelled like my dad , circa 1988 . I gave it to my boyfriend to use , and it works for all of two hours before he starts to get ripe again . I will not buy this scent again .
 I 'm with the others . It has a great smell to start with , but once you heat up it fails you , leaving you smelling worse than you would have without deodorant . I also had the irritated skin and raw -LRB- bright red -RRB- look .
 I have the same problem as another reviewer . It smells absolutely fantastic for a couple hours . But then it degenerates especially when you sweat . The resulting smell is heavy and musty and worse than your own regular body odor .
 I go out of my way to avoid certain chemicals in products . Parabens and phthalates being towards the top of that list . How this company can get away with calling this product `` natural '' yet it contains PARABENS is beyond me . Worst of all , I did n't realize this until after visiting their website to check . I did n't see that information on the Amazon site . Beware . Might get good reviews , but this is n't natural .
 Smelled really fresh but did n't work at all . As a bonus , it acted as an adhesive and I had black sweater fuzz stuck to my not at all fresh armpits when I got home from the office after my first and last day using this product . Oh well .
 It 's ok looking for a more sustainable one has a musty scent almost looking for something with better scent because Iam active a lot
 Unlike another reviewer , I actually love the smell of this deodorant . However , the effectiveness is just plain awful . Under normal usage , I 'm lucky if I go half the day before it 's like I 'm wearing nothing at all . I ca n't even go an entire work day without it wearing off . That 's terrible . I 've used Axe or Right Guard for the past 12 years or so , and they provide 24 hour protection , so I have n't smelled my armpits since I was in my teens ! I honestly think this stuff might have ingredients in it that CAUSE your armpits to smell ! I never , ever stink or smell , but after wearing this stuff , I smell like pure B.O. at the end of every single work day . It 's incredible . This stuff is garbage ! Back to Axe I go !
 I found that this product did not work for me at all . Maybe it would work for someone else , after all , our metabolism is different .
 I really wanted to like this since it smells good , like musky tree bark . I put a bunch on , but after 2 hours , there 's no longer any scent . There 's no horrible odor but there 's no longer any musky scent . I walked 6 miles and it was gone , this was in winter . No point in getting anymore .
 was curious about the product from what i have seen others write , unfortunately the product is mostly a waste of time and money , didnt do anything , no real change after taking the product , the usual hype for a herbal product claiming to do wonders but not the case here , seek other remedies for what this product claims to help with because it will not accomplish what you seek , a lesson learned for me , but was less than 30 dollars so not the most expensive lesson i have learned , i would not buy this product again based on my experience with it , but you need to make your own decision .
 Did n't work for me ! Maybe there is milk residue in it ? I am lactose intolerant and I also have minor bouts with IBS . I have tried another probiotic for IBS and it worked well but I did n't think it was great enough , so I tried these . I guess I was wrong . I ended up throwing them all out because I noticed major constipation mixed with bad pain and more bouts of IBS . I am going back to my trusty IBS probiotics .
 After hours of research the reviews of these seemed to be of the best , unfortunately these do not work as well as we need for gas , back to the research , we 've tried Align which did not work well either , and Philips which has worked best so far ,
 i only used for 2-3 days , noticed only intestinal discomfort after taking . gassy & a weird bloated feeling . I discontinued use & my system went back to normal . Note , I have taken other brands of acidiph . in the past and had the same problem . Maybe it 's just me ???
 I have stopped taking Align . I went on a restrictive diet because my doctor told me my blood chemistry was not doing well -- specifically my cholesterol was bad . So I stopped eating carbs and lost about 10 pounds in 2 weeks , but I also noticed all of my stomach problems went away . I then started looking into online forums to see if anyone had similar experiences and there were several people who noted that they too had felt better after losing carbs from their diet -- more specifically bread/gluten . I have removed gluten from my diet and do not have any more problems unless I accidently eat something with gluten in it . Hope this helps , it has changed my life .
 When I had some painful constipation recently , these Pearls did n't work at all to relieve any of the symptoms - or to keep the constipation away in the first place because , in fact , I was already taking the Pearls before this bout of constipation started . I was even taking 2 Pearls a day instead of the recommended 1 - but still no results . After I finish this box , I wo n't be ordering another one . I 'm going to use a daily stool softener -LRB- 200 mg/day per my doctor 's advice -RRB- to try and keep regular instead .
 Well , I really wanted to leave a 5 star review !!! These pills are very small in size and they are very easy to swallow . Unfortunately , however , my doctor thought this product did not contain enough probiotic . Pearls contains 1 billion lactobacillus , however , my doctor wanted me to have at least 9 billion ! So , I cancelled my subscription and instead , I bought the Bevko brand of probiotics -LRB- paid $ 30 for 120 caps , 9 billion in each capsule -RRB- .
 The Pearls do not have the immediate effects people are claiming . I think these are just airsoft pellets . Very unimpressed .
 I ordered this product 0n May 24 , 2012 . I received it in 5 days , and the expiration date on the box of Pearls is April 2012 . I have sent 3 emails asking for a refund , and have not received a reply/acknowledgement . Also , the negative -LRB- 1/5 -RRB- seller review I sent previously is not on the Seller 's Remarks list - it has been removed .
 I switched to these from Philips Colon Health and its been the worst decision . I had diarrhea the first ten days of taking it and the past five days I have n't had a movement at all . Never again . Do n't waste your money .
 I initially wrote a glowing review for this product but have done more research since . A good probiotic does need to survive the digestive juices , which this one does due to the coating . However it only contains TWO different strains of bacteria and a low dosage at that . Now I know I need to look for as many varying strains as possible to better match the natural gut flora and at least 8 billion per dose.This could explain why I initially began to feel better after taking these for a few months but the benefits then decreased . I was taking them to eliminate constipation which I still have n't managed to do .
 Took the pearls , as directed , and noticed no effect.With standard Lactobacillus Acidophilus Capsules , the results were immediate.Will not be buying this product again .
 I took these every day and did not notice any difference . I have recently started taking &#34; Trubiotics &#34; and within a week I have noticed a change in my digestion . Whether you try &#34; Trubiotics &#34; or not , skip the &#34; Pearls &#34; and try something else !
 Do not waste your money , Pearls are made of the same ingredients of cheap quality yogurt , Culturelle is much better and I would say made out of the same ingredients of high quality Greek yogurt , big difference between the two of them . Culturelle never gives me discomfort and Pearls were terrible on my stomach .
 I was encouraged by all the rave reviews , but after using these for 2 weeks , I have noticed absolutely no difference in any of my symptoms . I appear to have gained a little weight and feel that I am retaining more water than usual . I do n't intend to finish the full month .
 Did n't work at all for me , I do much better on the cheapest acidophilus tablet from Trader Joe 's . And the foil packaging is awful , my sausage fingers are clumsy in the early morning and the spheres are really small . I can understand why the pills are n't loose in a bottle , because if you spilled them you 'd have a skating rink , but I would n't buy this again even if it worked .
 I 've been taking this about 2 weeks now , hoping it would help with my IBS -LRB- C -RRB- , especially with the gas and bloating which can get pretty unbearable . Honestly , though I have yet to feel any relief so I 'm a bit disappointed because of the rave reviews . However , I 'm still giving it some time to work . If there 's absolutely no real relief in the next month , then I 'll just have to cancel my automatic 3-months ' renewal , and continue to get the other health benefits from regular yogurt : -LRB-
 I useAlign B. Infantis 35624 Probiotic Supplement 42 Countto help deal with my irregularity , and the Amazon subscribe and Save feature was the perfect setup
 And still pretty upset . . I 'm hardly ever normal when going to the bathroom . . Most of the time I 'm either constipated or have diarreah as soon as I eat something that upsets my stomach . I 've been constipated all week and somewhat gassy . I dont know if I should give myself more time to adjust or try something else .
 This pearls did n't do a thing to my digestion problems , I could take as well tick tac so I 'm not sure from where these all positive reviews , maybe from the seller ??? had to return to 3lac which so far is the only one that works .
 I honestly do n't believe I have a sensitive stomach -LRB- I usually do n't eat exotic foods , but I can stomach the average meal without any issues -RRB- . I wanted to believe in using this pill because quite frankly I do n't eat much yogurt to get the healthy bacteria , but after about 2 weeks of using this pill my stomach started hurting & cramping . Once I discontinued use everything was back to normal in about a week/week and a half . Like I said , I 'm sure it works wonders for quite a few folks but there is something in this pill that severely upsets my stomach .
 Did n't really notice any change . I would keep looking for some other way to help ... . There 's got to be another way .
 I have suffered with IBS for many years and have not found a product that worked as well as Zelnorm . After reading the reviews I thought I would give Pearls a try ... well after two weeks still no luck . I am now into my third week and still no results.I 'm glad so many have found a product that helps with IBS , sadly this one is not for me .
 I took the entire pkg of these pearls . I had high hopes . I 'm 36 , have MS , take many prescriptions and have been confined to a wheelchair/scooter for about 4 yrs . I have problems with being unable to go # 2 as my 5 yr old would say . I usually take a laxative about once a week so I can go and have been trying to find something to help . This gets great reviews so I was hoping I 'd have good results with it , too . When I started taking it I had no results so I took 2 pearls every day for a week , then tried 3 a day and so on . Nothing worked . I guess I 'm still on a mission to find something to help me ! I hope this helps you , it 's miserable to always be miserable .
 I wish the producent put on the labelthat it contains milk residues.I suffer from Systemic Candida andca n't tolerate the smallest amountsof milk .
 I started taking these because the reviews were so great . Well it totally did not work for me . It did a number on my intestines and lets say made it very unpleasant . Some people can take certain things , some cant . I felt there was no difference in anything , just intestinal upset .
 I did n't get any help from this product but it may just be me . I have not had luck with other probiotics either . I have IBS and nothing was resolved for me but it might work for you .
 I honestly do n't think there 's enough good bacteria in the pill . I bought them , took them , noticed no difference and wondered what went wrong . Then I did research and discovered that I was supposed to look for a probiotic supplement with at least 15 billion cultures per serving -LRB- this product has 1 billion -RRB- , and at least 10 different strains -LRB- I think this product has 2 -RRB- . The only nice thing about these is that they are super tiny and easy to swallow . The problem is you need to tak every pill in the box all at once to notice a difference . I will look elsewhere next time .
 As a candida sufferer i take pro-biotics regularly , i found that this one has little or no effect . The dosage is very low at 1Billion compared to the more effective products at 11-50 billion . I tried 2 boxes for 3 month , taking 2 a day . Very disappointing .
 I bought someAlignawhile back and it cleared up my IBS issues in a week!I saw this and and read the rave reviews and the price of the `` Pearls '' was much cheaper than theAlign.But taking this product daily -LRB- for over 30 days -RRB- I would think it would have taken away my symptoms , but no it did n't . For Me `` Align '' is a Superior Product , it is almost TRIPLE the price of `` Pearls '' but worth it !
 I have n't been taking this product very long -LRB- about 1 week -RRB- , but so far , it is n't working for me . I suffer from irregularity , constipation , and -LRB- embarrassingly -RRB- a flatulence problem . I was really hoping this would work since I am not a big fan of yogurt . Maybe it just does n't contain enough probiotics , but I am afraid to take more than the recommended dose -LRB- 1 pearl a day -RRB- . I am going to continue taking the them until they run out , and will be sure to update my review if anything changes .
 Been taking this for a month already.It has n't helped my digestive system at all , especially diarrhea.If I could give it 0 out of 5 . I would . too bad I ca n't . I will eventually finish the pack , and if a miracle happened , I would gladly come back here and change the ratings.but for now . it 's 0 out of 5 for me .
 I bought this product hoping for some health benefits . I am relatively healthy , but my bowel movements can be a little unusual so I thought taking probiotics would help even things out . Pearls was the highest rated probiotics I saw on Amazon so I decided to give them a try . When they arrived I started using them and did not really notice anything different , until a few days later when I started having green bowel movements . I looked this up online and could n't find out what was causing this , which scared me at first because dangerous health complications were listed as well.I stopped taking Pearls for a couple days and found to my amazement that the green BMs went away , and then they returned when I restarted taking them , like clockwork . I now no longer take them as I did not feel they were helping me much . As for the unusual effect that they had on me , I searched the internet for how a probiotic could cause this and I could not find anything . I take a One-A-Day also and perhaps taking both did something to my system . I give it 2 stars only because I have no doubt that they can help people with serious symptoms .
 Acidophilus with Soy LecithinPeople with severe soy allergies who want to play it safe.People who avoid refined oils &#8211; soy lecithin is made from soy oil , which is usually made derived through a chemical process hexane.People concerned about GMOs . Unless a product is certified non-GMO , you can assume that the soybeans used have been genetically modified . Products marked non-GMO or USDA organic should be non-GMO , but have been found on occasion to contain GMOsHere in California people are waking up about the GMOs Labeling.California residents
 It works marginally . I think it depends on people . Some people may feel this product works fine , but not for me .
 These are n't anywhere near as good as Phillips Colon Health . I thought because they were a couple of dollars more expensive , that they 'd be even better , but I should 've stuck with what worked . Only good thing with the pearls is that they 're super easy to swallow and you can take them any time . But convenience does n't beat quality .
 so i have taken other brands of probiotics and have had no side effects at all . I decided to try these since it was a good price . About 3 days into taking them i had the worst heartburn -LRB- burping constantly !!! -RRB- that i have ever experienced in my life !!! i was not sure at first that these are what was causing the burping , but then i stopped using them and i no longer have heartburn or burping ... These obviously work for some people , but not me . Take at your own risk ! Not for me ...
 I bought this to help with fibromyalgia and it has n't helped . The guy at GNC said it 's a very low potency and I could actually take 5 at one time . So , the next time I switched to a 50 billion probiotic b/c this just is n't good enough for the pain I 'm in daily .
 I suffer from constipation and a friend highly recommended Pearls for me . At the beginning it started working pretty good . By the end of the second week , it was back to my constipated-state . I 've been taking it for four weeks already and so far , no change.Totally disappointed with the product .
 the box came ripped with some of the pills popped out already . I will not be buying from this company again . Also the pills gave me stomach upset
 It does n't work for me . I ca n't see any improvement and I got seek , with nausea . I am not sure if the nausea was caused by pearls , but the nausea stopped when I stopped the product .
 As I said , does n't seem to help me . Everything arrived on time and packaged well . Hope it works for you .
 I ordered 2 green Persils for whites and 1 blue Persil for colors via Amazon because I trust the Amazon site and I never did find time to travel an hour to the only local store that carries Persil , and now I was out . My order was shipped promptly , but I received 2 blues and 1 green . I emailed Better Products customer service and was eventually told to call & arrange for a return of the 2nd blue and then correction by sending me the ordered 2nd green . -LRB- I had asked them to just ship me a 2nd green and be done with it . Repacking and exchange on the shipper 's mistake is not the headache you need from simple on-line ordering . -RRB- Also , I am not 100 % convinced this is an authentic product and at this point will not use Better Products online again .
 I bought this stuff following a recommendation by a consumer organization . It is a disaster . I put the recommended amount in my -LRB- new -RRB- washing machine for a pre-wash and mainwash . The stuff just disappeared immediately into the machine so the main wash was without any product . This was probably just as well since the main wash was became an additional rinse cycle , even so with this arrangement the clothes came out stinking of the product , they were unwearable.The stuff has a greasy character and it gets everywhere . The plastic container with special dispenser and measuring cap is a total failure , for a start the special dispenser always comes off together with the measuring cap , this combination is of course full of the product and it spreads amazingly quickly over your hands , the container , your washing machine etc. . It persists everywhere , even trying to clean it off your hands needs a thorough soak to get rid of the greasyness , even then you are left with this horrible `` perfume '' on your hands for the rest of the day.I went to the website to voice my experience , they were kind enough to suggest I use a plastic ball dispenser wothout any idea about a pre-wash cycle . They had no suggestion as to how I could dispose of this highly undesirable product.Could it be that this manufacturer is run by someone with an MBA ?
 ` I usually love kids books and can spend hours sitting on the floor in a bookstore reading kids books . Not so with this one . Just a dumb children 's picture book .
 I love how no 1 mentioned the smelly dark yellow urine -LRB- I drink tons of water so I kno it 's the pills -RRB- or the fact that they stink like fish & taste horrible . They 're also huge pills 2 . I gave them a star ` cuz I HAD 2 !
 After reading the reviews for Maxi-Hair I decided to give it a try . I am not impressed . They cause stomach upset after eating even a large meal . My nails are splitting and cracking again . The pills are huge . I was comparing Maxi to Phytophanere because I liked and was impressed w/Phyto -LRB- smaller capsules , great results for hair & nails -RRB- , but concerned about one of the ingredients . I tried Maxi for 2 months . Maxi does not work for me and the upset stomach is no longer worth awaiting results .
 I just wanted to give my two cents about these vitamins . They are what everyone else have stated - they are kinda large , they smell , and they make your urine a bright neon yellow . I tried to drink as much water as possible while taking these . They did not work for me as they did for so many others . I did n't notice anything different with my hair , such as making it grow faster or become thicker . The worst thing for me about these vitamins is that they broke me out horribly !! I rarely get pimples but after about two - three weeks I had huge cysts-like pimples on my cheeks - by my ears and on my chin . It took me a while to put two and two together - but now I realize that these pills were breaking me out . I have about 10 left out of the 90 pills and I will not be taking them anymore . I was taking women 's centrum - one a day , and will continue to take those . Everyone 's different and I realize that what works for one person may not work for the next . So disappointing though - I was expecting the same rave results that so many experienced ...
 I really wish this product worked for me . After reading some of the rave reviews , I was excited to try it out . I took the pills consistently for two weeks and noticed my cheeks and chin were developing angry cystic acne . I had n't had acne this bad since before Accutane . I finally decided to stop the pills and now my skin is slowly recovering . I do NOT recommend this product .
 I took this hoping it would stop my hair from thinning . When I read the reviews about how it helped others halt hair loss , I thought I 'd give it a try . I also have mild acne breakouts so I figured if it helped clear my skin that would be a bonus . I wanted to finish the entire bottle before writing a review because I wanted to give the product a fair try . I took the product as directed and I noticed no difference in hair growth and I continued to experience hair loss . There were also no benefits to my skin . I really wanted these to work , and I 'm glad they worked for so many other people , but they did absolutely nothing for me , and I finished the entire bottle as directed . If you still want to order these , do n't get your hopes up . If they work , great . If not , then at least you did n't have high expectations .
 I have been using this product for three months but have noticed absolutely no thing ! I follow the directions too but have seen no change at all ! Also it tastes really bad and when I take it I feel I want to throw up . Do n't waste your money on this .
 Costco sells a vitamin for HAIR SKIN & NAILS that includes the same vitamins as this one with larger quantities and it 's $ 13.99 for all 250 capsules . Much much cheaper than this one . Unfortunately , i only found that out after purchasing two 90 capsule bottles from here . I feel I was ripped off!I 'm rating two stars because of the price , the content of the pill is not enough and the pill is very large and uncomfortable to swallow .
 I bought this product in hopes of having stronger , longer hair within a reasonable amount of time -LRB- used over the span of 3 1/2 months , as suggested by other reviews -RRB- . At first , my face broke out like mad -- which I 'd expected . I 'm extremely fair-complected with sensitive skin . After about a week , it was smooth sailing and my skin looked ok -- no more or less broken out than usual , although a tiny bit oilier.As for my hair -- I have naturally auburn hair that is super thick and super curly . I grew it long -LRB- to my hips -RRB- and wore it that way for several years , and then cut about 15 '' from it . I 've kept it shoulder-length or above shoulder-length for the past two years , but have been hoping to grow it out again -LRB- albeit not as long as before -RRB- . I read that this was the best supplement for that , but honestly , I saw absolutely no change in my hair for the time that I took it and had much better results from simply taking a biotin supplement twice a day.The biggest issue that I had , aside from the lack of hair growth , was that my urine was neon in color and smelled awful . Most of the ingredients in this supplement are water-soluble and you just pee out the excess that your body does n't take in . They do n't get stored or utilized in other ways -- just removed from your system.I tried splitting my doses -- one in the morning , one in the afternoon -- in order to enhance my intake , but still no luck . It almost seemed as though my hair was n't growing at all , which was odd to me as it tends to grow 3/4 '' a month without supplements -LRB- which is quick , but ... not quick enough for me , I guess -RRB- . I was disappointed in this product after having heard great feedback from others . Maybe I was doing something wrong .
 My nails were growing so nicely . Thick , long , strong AND FAST !! Every 4 weeks I HAD to cut them because in 4 weeks time , they 'd grown back too long after cutting . For some reason since August -LRB- I received these and began taking them at the beginning of August -RRB- my finger and toe nails have STOPPED growing and for the life of me , I could n't figure out why . My hair -- nothing worth mentioning so I wo n't mention hair.The only thing I 've been doing different since August , because it 's now the start of December and STILL , my toe and fingernails have halted in growth , was take these vitamins . MSM seems to work great for many but because it does something crazy with my hair , I ca n't take it . Instead of taking two pills today I am throwing these out b/c I just found out from reading other reviews that these have MSM in them . I will stop for 3 months and see if there 's any change with my nail growth and then come back to update .
 This product came highly recommeded by my sons girlfriend . She had been using it for several months and her hair has grown and is healthier then ever . I took it because not only does it improve your hair it is suppose to strengthen your nails . Well , its be nine weeks that I have been taking MaxiHair everyday . Guess what ! My nails continue so to break and tear . I am so sad that this product did not help my nails . I want nails !!
 I ended up taking 2 of the 90 tablet bottles , just as the directions suggested . Im 32 and my hair is just starting to thin out . After 2 bottles no there is no difference . So I will not try another bottle .
 Iron deficiency is a known cause of hair loss . Especially if you are a woman who loses iron through menstruation , you absolutely should have it in your vitamin . The only reasons not to are if you have been tested by your doctor and have high levels of iron , if you get intolerable stomach discomfort , or uncontrollable constipation . -- Gina -LRB- M.D. and annoyed customer with female hair loss -RRB-
 Took this for 3 months , nails were not strengthened but keep tearing high up the nail bed and snagging in clothes . Will be going back to my regular multivitamin that gave me strong , hard nails .
 I do n't usually take the time to write a review unless the product is either super good or super bad . After taking this for two weeks I developed strange flu-like symptoms , sore throat , weakness . I ca n't believe I took this crap for that long . This stuff needs to be FDA approved before they start selling people God knows what . I do n't enjoy being a consumer-guinea pig for vitamin/drug companies . This thing is not a vitamin , but a drug , so beware !!!!
 So , these tasted AWFUL ! And I didnt notice a change in anything . I didnt even finish the bottle because they were just so gross .
 The first time I tried these vitamins I thought they gave me some baby hairs and stronger shinier nails . This time , I do n't notice any difference at all .
 These pills did not work for me personally , they 're huge and difficult to swallow and had a unpleasant odor/taste . Not for me .
 I 'm not saying this is a BAD supplement because I did n't take it long enough to see result . However , after only three days I started getting a bunch of little acne bumps on my cheeks and jawline . I very rarely get acne and I was not getting my `` lady friend '' . It also gave me a killer tummy ache - even when taken with food . May work for some people , but just not for me!Namaste
 Ive been using this product for over a month , and im sad to say i havent seen any change in my hair length . in fact either my hair fell out more or i noticed it more . my nails also were more brittle than usual . my skin stayed the same which was good because i read somewhere that biotin in such high levels can cause your skin to break out.Im not used to taking pills , so taking these huge pills was a struggle every day , but i stuck with it in the hopes of getting at least an inch of hair . no such luck , I did choke a couple of times so if you arent a fan of pills especially big ones . be prepared . hahahahsome side effects though it made my pee super yellow . which wasnt all that weird cuz that happens everytime i take multi vitamins of some sort . the other side effect i had was really embarrassing . i was really gassy for the first couple weeks . could have been the pill . could have been that the eating habits ive had for years just decided to produce more gas than normal haha.I bought 2 bottles of these pills -LRB- 90 -RRB- so i intend to finish them . apart from not making my hair grow i wasnt as tired as a normally was and they function great as jus regular vitamins.I wouldnt recommend these though based on my own experience
 Did not work for me . Still had a good amount of hair loss . Would not buy again .
 This product may be good but the tablests are huge it does not help cutting them in half because the inside is very dry and then it is impossible to swallow.I am an older person and afraid I may gag not very happy .
 The product contents may be fine , but the pill size -LRB- 22mm x 10mm x 8mm -RRB- is outrageous . I cut my first pill in half and it got stuck in my throat . After 15 minutes of not being able to either swallow or cough it up , I called 911 . The paramedics wanted to take me , to the emergency room but after about another 15 minutes the pill started to dissolve enough to get into my esophagus -LRB- saving a $ 1000 ambulance ride -RRB- . I had severe indigestion for the next 48 hours , and my throat is still swollen four days later . This product should not be on the market .
 I ended up throwing the whole bottle of pills out . I tried to split the pills , but they ended up in too many pieces . These pills are fine if you 're a horse . I ca n't swallow such huge pills . Thus , the one star . Why ca n't they make this product in a capsule or at least a smaller pill for people who can not handle such huge pills ?
 The most this did was make my urine yellow and smelly . My hair did not grow . And these tablets are a task to swallow .
 I had high hopes for this product , but it just did n't work for me . Yes , it made my urine neon yellow , as other reviewers had stated -LRB- even though I drink lots of water it 's usually pretty clear -RRB- , but it also gave me some really nasty acne . I 'm talking a couple of dime-sized pimples that just did n't want to go away after several days and were really sore . Not just on my face either , but had a few pop up on my back/shoulders too . They finally went away a couple of days after I stopped taking it.Before this I was just taking plain Biotin , and never had these side-effects . This seemed like it would be better . Perhaps a couple of weeks was n't enough time for my body to fully adjust , but I was definitely not seeing any benefits from taking this product , and have been clear for the past week and a half since I stopped . Each of us is unique , so your experience could be radically different than mine , and hopefully you see the great results that others have posted . Unfortunately it completely disagreed with me . Good luck !
 Really made me break out!I know they said i would stop breaking out after the first week but I didnt even want to try . I had multiple pimples all over my face ! Who wants long hair if that means an ugly face
 They say , `` If it 's not broken , do n't ` fix ' it '' and this applies for this `` Improved '' formula . The original worked way better for me . I received tons of thickness and growth with the original , HOWEVER , if you are looking to just thicken your hair , this product will definitely accomplish that for you . Nevertheless , you can get BOTH thicker and longer hair with the original .
 I took Maxi Hair for 6 weeks and seemed to get favorable results . However , when I went to the doctor for my regular lab blood draw due to my thyroid issue -LRB- hypoactive -RRB- , I was told to immediately cease taking Maxi Hair . This product contains large dosages of protein , which counteracts with the thyroid and the medication . My kidneys have shown a degree of damage in that little amount of time . Be careful thyroid patients !!
 Taken religiously for 2 months , I have n't seen any difference in my hair loss or any new growth . I carefully reviewed the other hair vitamins on the market before purchasing , and it seemed that this one got the best and most realistic reviews . I bought enough for 3 months to give it a very fair chance . I did n't expect miracles but did expect to see a noticeable improvement , which I have not.After my supply is finished I am going to try something else in the hopes that continued use of the right hair supplement will eventually provide results .
 I thought I 'd try it out since there are such great reviews . I did n't imagine the pills to be so humongous which made it hard for me to swallow ... and the smell makes me want to puke . It 's also weird that it makes my urine yellow ... not sure if that 's normal for all vitamins ? But this did n't really help my hair loss at all .
 I took the pills according to the directions with no results . I would tell other custmoers to buy them and see how they work or just to use them as a mutlivitamin , but i do not feel that my hair growth has increased at all .
 The unfortunate thing about combination-vitamins is if one component disagrees with you , you have to toss the whole bottle.This stuff , to put it bluntly , gave me the runs . I 'm sure it 's just one component since I do n't get the runs from regular B-complex , but I do n't know which one so I ca n't go out and get a different product . Grrr . : -LRB-
 So 8 days from today would have made it exactly a month since I 've been taking Maxi-Hair tablets but I could n't take it anymore or risk growing more hairs on unwanted places . I was taking women 's one-a-day tablets for about three months and decided to try something new . I did not notice any hair growth on my head using the Maxi-Hair but I noticed little peach-like hairs on my sideburns . Also I started to break out on my face and I rarely get pimples ... I decided to give this a shot based on some good reviews but after my personal experience with this product I decided not to continue using it . I can not afford a hairy face but does n't mean this wo n't work for others . Things I noticed while using these tablets
 This product did not do all it said it would . I saw no real improvement at all.I will not buy this again .
 They smelled horrible and were large to swallow . the initial serving is 2 tablets but just 1 Gave me migraine like headaches .
 Man I almost chocked on these babies . They are still sitting in my cabinet because I ca n't down them . Sorry not for me .
 I used this product for 40 days straight . Along with using Maxi-Hair , I also used Biotin supplements . My results were not through the roof but my hair has grown a little . I 'm African American and I 've cut my natural hair very short so I could grow it out . Now , that being said since my hair is about a 4B so it 's pretty curly and hard to notice the growth . I wo n't be buying this product again BUT I will continue to use Biotin because it works for hair , nails , and skin . The pills are MUCH smaller than Maxi-Hair too which is a plus for those of use who do n't like popping pills . Maxi-Hair also makes your pee neon yellow -LRB- kinda strange -RRB- . Today on Amazon I 've purchase Jamaican BCO and Megatek . I 'm going to combine the two and create a new regimen to coincide with the sew-ins ' that I do on myself . I 'll write a review on Megatek & JBCO and post pictures of my results too.P.S . I know lots of women post picture of before and after 's BUT they never have dates of those photos which inhibits my belief of their results ... I 'll be taking photos with time stamps on them for my Megatek and JBCO review.Thanks for reading beauties and I hope this helps !! XoXo
 I wanted to like this product because I read that MSM helps to reduce shedding ... And this product contains it . However , this supplement seemed to cause breakouts on my face as well as kept me up at night though I took first thing in the morning . Very disappointing . But it may not have this affect on everyone .
 This diaper stacker is a joke . The diapers come out 3 at a time , the shelf for the wipes container will buckle if you have a full container , and the plastic is very flimsy . I brought this because of the great reviews this product got . After just one day of using this I decided to pack it up and return it . I do n't believe this product is ment to withstand the test of time .
 We got this item as a gift and at 1st it was great !! We stored everything in it full sized diaper wipe bin on top diapers and the holing area and creams , meds , and other gadgets in cubby holes on sides . Let just say it cracked in half . I would not ever buy this again .
 This is a cheap piece of plastic crap . Small diapers do n't fit , and only small stuff fits in the sides . Its very flimsy and so not worth $ 12.99 .
 We registered for this and happened to get 2 at our shower . One was broken before we even opened it . The other broke as soon as we went to use it . JUNK ! Do n't buy it ! Use a basket instead .
 Be aware this product does NOT fit all Prince Lionheart brand wipe warmer containers . I have the premium PL wipe warmer and it does NOT fit ! If you plan to use it to hold normal plastic container of wipes , then you 're fine .
 I thought this would be a great way to keep diapers and other items close at hand . I was able to use it for a short time until the plastic piece that the wipes container sits on broke . They need to use a better plastic . I did have a problem with more than one diaper coming out at a time , like others have , but learned if you pull upward a little usually only one diaper will come out at a time . If the company would use a stronger plastic I think this could be a very useful item .
 Be careful when buying . This did not clip onto our crib or changing table because teh crib has a `` sleigh '' top and both are rounded and did not work witht the plastic .
 I do n't even know why I registered for this.We change our baby on a dresser . The crib is behind the changing table and besides , hanging it over the crib would clutter the crib.It 's no good if it is n't going to fit over the rail of your changing table . If it does , maybe it 's good for that.But is n't that the whole point of a changing table ? To have shelves and stuff where you can put things?I just use a dresser and a shelf next to it and it works great . This product might be helpful with the right furniture , but I gave mine away .
 I received this item as a gift and to me it was a waste of money . First of all you really do not need this item if you have a diaper stacker which I do . Larger size hygiene products such as lotion / powder does not fit in the side slots unless you plan on using smaller or trial sizes . It would work best for diapers if you do n't already have a diaper stacker.It 's made of plastic and does not hold very much and it also looks as if it were to fall off a changing table or crib it may break or crack ... . I returned this item .
 After purchasing the depot , I found it does not work well on my changing table -LRB- dresser style with fold out top -RRB- . I had to put it on the side and was not pleased to find out that it is not possible to use unless it is hung . More bad news ... I purchased the Ultimate Wipes Warmer , which will not fit on top of the depot while it is hanging on the side of the changing table . Perhaps these products work fine with a typical changing table , but keep in mind they do not work with a folding top dresser type .
 I registered for a diaper depot and will not be keeping it if I receive one . One of my friends tried to buy it for me and had to return it because it was broken in the package . She then found all of the ones in the store to be broken in their packages . This is not a good sign that it will be of any use long-term if it is being made with plastic that is too brittle .
 The diaper depot is not the best choice if you have more than one size of diapers in your home . It seems specificaly designed for those homes in which there is one baby and no toddlers . It is just as easy for the toddler to get into the diapers and have them all over in no time . I would recommend thinking through your own family situation before purchasing this product .
 We purchased this product the same day that we purchased the wipes warmer . When we got home we tried to attach the depot to our Storkcraft Aspen Changing Table , however , it would n't fit . Not that I minded , because as soon as it was out of the box , I realized that it was a complete waste of money . It is just some hard plastic . This diaper holder did n't hold our daughter 's newborn size diapers and the side compartments would n't even hold more than one item . Needless to say , it went back the very next day . If I were you , I would pass on this item and get a diaper stacker to match your nursery and get either a changing table with a drawer , or hang an organizer onto the wall for other necessities .
 The diaper depot description does not explain that it * must * hang from the side of a changing table and can not stand on its own . My changing table is the top of a dresser and does n't have those crib-like sides that the depot can hang from . Because the bottom of the depot is 2-sided it can not stand on its own.Also , it is too small to hold the Lionheart brand cloth wipe warmer .
 I was excited to find this product since my little girl was getting longer & needed more room atop our changing table . Well , what a big disappointment when the wipes warmer did not fit snugly . We have the Prince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmer , which is shown on the side of the box fitting nicely . Yeah , right . It teetered over the edge and looked as if it could fall off at any moment . Needless to say , I returned this organizer thing and made my own with a little ingenuity and only a few bucks . My prototype organizer works better and was much cheaper !
 Great idea but a few more pennies could have been added to construction . It would be a better idea to put the money toward a changing table ... really .
 I ordered this to hang on the end of my Ikea changing table -LRB- as a few reviewers have noted , if you have a combination changing table/dresser , this may not work for you -RRB- . Unfortunately , it arrived and was cracked and crushed at the top . So , I sent it back and requested a replacement . AGAIN , cracked . So I sent that back and asked for a refund . I found the same product -LRB- for $ 14 , a little bit more but not terrible -RRB- at Babies R Us . I opened two boxes at the store to inspect them and BOTH were cracked or chipped . I do n't know if this is because of the type of pastic being used , a defective batch from the factory , or simply bad luck on my part . But , I am going to pass on this product although it seemed like it would have worked well otherwise . Disappointing .
 i searched high and low for an organizer that would fit on the side of my grand daughter 's GRACO pack and play and i thought i had finally found it . it 's heavy and bulky which made it not sit straight up against the mesh on the sides of the pack and play , it kept caving in and stuff would fall off of it . i have the Prince Lionheart Wipes Warmer that was supose to fit in the slot on top of this Prince Lionheard Diaper Depot but it DID NOT ! everytime i would pull a wipe out it would move the warmer out of the &#34; too tiny &#34; slot and it would fall on the ground . newborn and size one diapers did n't fit in it either because the opening is too big and two and three diapers would come out all at once , the hanging containers on the sides slide out too easily and only a small size bottle of lotion would fit it in -LRB- who even buys the small size products anymore ? -RRB- the plastic is very thin and cheaply made . it was worth it for me to pay shipping to return it . back to the drawing board !
 I bought this item to hang onto the side of our pack n play . It did n't work for what we wanted , and we sent it back . Thanks to amazon 's awesome return policy . If your looking for something like this for your pack n play , I 'd recommend something else . This does n't fit over the edge of the pack n play .
 I bought this because I wanted something at table-level for holding the wipes . When I tried to install it on my changing table , I discovered that the end of my changing table was too thick . Measure the thickness of the end before you order ; if it 's more than 1 inch thick , do n't bother with it . -LRB- Mine was 1-1/4 '' thick . -RRB-
 Has anyone noticed this item has stopped working ? I believe this is ever since they 've added the `` Cellulase '' enzyme . I did some research online and Cellulase is not a naturally occurring enzyme in the body . It digests/breaks down fiber , actually lowering the fiber content of the fiber it 's taken with . Clearly some people are less sensitive to this , but for those of us who have taken the supplement for a while and noticed a change , it 's very frustrating .
 After reading oodles of positive reviews I was excited to use this tub for my newborns but they are just now able to fit into it at 3 months -LRB- 11 lbs -RRB- . The center divide was much too wide for their little legs to surround -LRB- my boy cried because it was crushing his boy parts -RRB- and their arms could not fall over the arm rests . As it is , it 's so slick , I have to use a hand to hold them in place or they 'll slide around and fall out of position . I do n't like this tub at all and wish I had bought something smaller . I thought I was being frugal by buying something that would be usable for 2 years . I 've used it twice and I 'm ready to chuck it !
 I got this tub through my baby shower and I love it at first until I tried it with my newborn -LRB- 1 week old . The tub is too big to put it on any table or sink ! I can only fit it in my bathroom tub and even that you still have to bend down and hard to reach your baby since the tub itself is so WIDE ! Do not recommend for any newborn . I 'll probably save it till my baby is at least 6 months old or just give it away . . I ended bought another newborn bathtub made by `` The First Year '' , it 's fit her perfectly with convenience space !!!
 I love the tub ; however , it 's HUGE ! We had no where to store it . It barely fit in our bath tub when we were not using it . It 's as big as a laundry basket . I would have rather gotten a smaller one because once my son was sitting up , he bathed in the sink and our tub . So after 6 months we did n't use it any longer .
 This is definitely not a tub for a child who can sit up on their own . I bought this tub for my 11 month old , because I did n't think her other one was safe . This tub is huge and seems like it might work well for a small infant , but not for a baby who is sitting up . My daughter immediately tried to pull herself up and stand , and she ended up hitting herself on the oddly placed bump in the middle of the tub and started to cry . She also kept slipping from side to side and seemed very uncomfortable . There is a bump that is meant to go between the baby 's legs and keep them from falling forward , but my daughter did not seem to appreciate it one bit and slipped to the side instead . I would not reccomend that anoyone buy this tub , unless for an infant . but even then I can not reccomend it , because I did not use it with an infant .
 I chose this tub based on the reviews I read here . Granted that I had a preemie , but she is 5 months old and 12 pounds and the tub is still way too big for her . The molded plastic seat does n't hold her right and she does n't feel secure . I used my friend 's tub last week and my daughter loved that one . I do n't know the brand , but it had a mash sling to hold smaller babies that you remove when the child gets bigger.Also , this tub is very large overall and is hard to store .
 I was so excited to buy this bath as my baby is also big -LRB- 14lb at 3 montths -RRB- and she HATES it.We have been bathing her in the sink and she had a great time kicking her legs around . The bath has a place for her bum to rest , which means that she ca n't kick her legs out straight the way she wants to . Also , when the water is high enough to cover a decent amount of her body , it reaches her ears . Bathtime has gone from the best time of the day to the most dreaded . Do not get this bath if your baby enjoys kicking .
 After reading all the reveiw on this , I believed I HAD to have this tub . It is bulky and a pain to use . Our daughter never liked it . Buy the sponge - it is a couple of bucks and really all you need , in my opinion.We just sold it in our garage sale - I think we probably used it about 3-4 times before we gave up because of the hassle .
 I ordered this tub based on the positive reviews . However , the tub is WAY TOO BIG ! . You might as well use your own bathtub because the euro bath is the same size . By the time you fill it , clean it and find a place to store it -LRB- if you can -RRB- you wont ever want to bathe your kid again .
 I wo n't buy this tub because they are trying to charge $ 21 for shipping . The item itself is only $ 24.99 . You can order larger and heavier items with less shipping charges . Did all of you actual pay that ridiculous amount ???
 We registered for this site unseen based on the reviews . It greeted us on the porch of our house when we arrived home with the baby . At first , I thought a refridgerator had been delivered ! -LRB- Okay ... slight exaggeration . -RRB- But it was HUGE . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 From the moment this tub arrived I did n't like it . I returned it and purchased the First Years Tub -LRB- Blue -RRB- . More $ $ $ does n't always mean better quality . This one proved that to me .
 When my daugther try to stand up she always felt and hurt her button because the plastic thing that are on the middle , tha t suppose tober there for security , last time she hurt herself really bad even that I was really close to her ...
 Registered for this for our baby and when it came I was shocked at how VERY LARGE it was . Certainly it would be a pain to store when not in use . Sent it back .
 I was so excited when I got this tub . The reviews were great and I expected a great product . Boy was I wrong . From the time I opened the box I knew I 'd hate it . The tub was filthy , not something I would expect from a new product , it had scratches and nicks all over it . After having cleaned it up I tried it out with my daughter . It was too big for her , she slid and I had to prop her up with a towel to make her comfortable . I could n't believe it , I mean she was eight pounds-four ounces , it 's not like she was a small baby . It frustrated me and made her bath time uncomfortable , I can tell she felt it too . I would hate anyone to go out and buy this tub , it 's truly not worth the money . What a horrible product !
 I bought this bath tub for my baby because it said it could be used for older babies , which is just what I needed , as the home where I live does n't have a tub or shower , and I did n't want to just sponge bathe my baby when he got older -LRB- I want him to enjoy an actual bath -RRB- . This tub is TOO big.It 's too big to fit in a sink.It 's too big to fit on a bathroom counter.It 's too big to fit on a kitchen counter.It takes up too much room on the floor -- and then lifting it to drain it is too much work.I could n't use this tub.It is only made for someone with a huge home .
 I 've found the manufacturer 's claims this item is `` durable '' to be untrue . The tub literally cracked under my son 's foot when he stood in it -LRB- yes , he was within the recommended age range -RRB- . Fortunately , my son was not injured but he could have very easily been pinched or severely cut by the hard cracked plastic jutting out of the tub . The tub did not experience any excessive wear , other than daily baths , and was stored hanging in a closet . I contacted Primo by email to report the incident and provided them with pix of the defective tub . They wanted me to destroy the tub and then pay freight shipping charges based on a 30 lb . item for a replacement . I told them I was n't interested in a replacement if the defects in the manufacturing process had n't been changed or improved and I definitely was not paying for a 30 lb . shipping charge when the EuroBath could n't even weigh 10 lbs . Here 's where it gets unbelievable - after that I still am continuing to receive rude and harassing emails from some anonymous person at Primo . Primo and the EuroBath have been reported are now being investigated by the Better Business Bureau and the Consumer Product Safety Commision .
 This was the ONLY bathtub I purchased , based on all of the stellar reviews , and BOY was I disappointed !! My baby was only 6 pounds full-term , and this tub was HUGE !! Even with the so-called supports the tub has , she still slid all over the place , and I still had to lean over the side of the tub and hold her very carefully ! She hated it and so did I , and to this day -LRB- 18 months later ! -RRB- she HATES the tub and we 're still doing sink-side sponge baths !! If I had to do it again , I 'd get one of the smaller tubs that has the sling-type support ! IF YOUR BABY IS A PREEMIE OR IS JUST ON THE SMALLER SIDE , DO NOT BUY THIS TUB - IT IS JUST WAY TOO HUGE AND REALLY HAS NO SUPPORTS !!!!!!!!!!!! UPDATE
 This tub is HUGE . It is hard and slippery . It hardly fits in the tub because it 's so huge . I think it would work for a baby that hardly moves in the tub . Otherwise , it would be too restricting for baby and would frustrate baby . It is too large to store anywhere . This is one baby product I regret purchasing . Total waste of money . I have to wonder also why there are so many 5 star reviews . This is the only product I 've seen on Amazon that has so many customer pictures with captions , hmmmmm ...
 I bought this tub because it received really good reviews - but it is gigantic and really takes up half of my bathroom.Also , because of it 's size you do n't transport it and end up keeping it in the bathtub anyway!I found it 's just easier for my daughter to take a bath with me !
 Tub arrived absolutely filthy , cracked and with many scratches . It looks like it was tipped upside down and kicked around a warehouse floor . Amazon generally packages items very well . This job was atrocious . The tub was put unwrapped , unboxed into a mammoth cardboard Amazon box . By the time it made it to my home , it was rendered totally unusable . I do n't know if this tub was trashed before or during shipping but now I 've got to deal with returning this beast .
 Even though it is supposed to be designed to grow with your child , this tub is just too big for a newborn and unnecessary for a toddler . There is no mechanism to secure a newborn in the tub . My daughter just slips and slides around . Also , it is just an enormous tub that does n't store well . You might as well pad an adult tub . I wish I had gotten another tub .
 We always thought a baby needs a big space during the bath to relax . When my nephew ; s parents registered , they found this one and got it . It seems to be the biggest one out there and it works for every stage in your child 's development.When he was born , his mom decided that he was too small for this tub and decided to use the kitchen sink . We expected he would be able to use it when he grew a bit.At three months he outgrew the sink and they tried the tub . That was the only time it was used . They prefferd to hold the baby with one arm so he could moved however he wanted , without being limited by the tub . It just was n't comfortable.They have a big , spacious bathtub in their bathroom and , at 5 months , my nephew loves to lay there by himself splashing and `` swimming '' . But we still hope to use this one when he gets a bit older and can sits well by himself ... so we do n't need to use that much water :-RRB- .
 My husband registered for , and we recieved this bath when our daughter was born . From day one , I absolutely hated it . My daughter was born 7lbs 15oz and 20 '' long - She constantly was sliding around in this thing , or when she would kick and splash her legs would go around the `` post '' that was supposed to separate her legs and it would hit her privates hard . She just could not relax enough to enjoy her bath , and she LOVES to be in warm water.Even with a sponge support she cried every second she was in the water . A towel , sponge support , anything at all that might help A -RRB- make her not slip around so much and B -RRB- make it not so hard . Once we switched to a softer material tub by Summer Infant -LRB- I might also add that the tub is MUCH smaller ! -RRB- my daughter loves bath time again . She will kick and splash , play with toys , etc. I would not recommend this bath tub . It 's a good idea , but the material is just too dang hard and it 's not comfortable for little babies .
 I bought this because of all of the great reviews , but no one addressed the issue that the baby slips down when they are using the angled infant side of the tub . Most baby tubs have some sort of padding or rubber mat on the infant part to prevent any slippage , but this one is just slippery plastic . So I was having to hold her and wash her at the same time . I do like the other aspects of this tub , so I have not replaced it yet . Currently I just use a towel underneath her and that seems to be working well .
 This bath tub is humongous . It needs its own bath room . Too big to put it on top of a kitchen sink . Since the only place I found for it near water source is inside our bath tub , which places it practically at ground level , my back is killing me.Unless your are planning to remodel your bathroom to fit this monster , go for something else . Definitely not for a 700 Sqr Foot apartment in the city .
 This was too big for our two month old and he was very uncomfortable . His neck is still unstable so I had to hold his neck the entire time while taking a bath rather than it whacking on the hard plastic . Also the protruding centerpiece is a good place to crush a baby 's balls so watch out especially if he 's too small to fit in the tub properly ! I think this tub would be good for older infants or toddlers but not for our two month old . Hopefully in the future we can use it again .
 Hi there , I had high hopes for this tub . My baby is growing out of the sink :-RRB- And I wanted to have better control of the water temperature in the bathroom tub.Anyway . I thought this tub would have a similar seat position as the Infant Bath Seat by Primo -LRB- in which my baby feels great -RRB- but it does n't !!! His neck is all broken with his chin going into his chest . He naturally pushes on the back of his head to not break his neck . That does n't feel relaxing at all even though he loves being in the water . You can see it on some of the pictures that some people posted . I do n't see how it would get more comfortable as he gets older , the shape of the top of the lounge chair is just too rounded/curved ... The only way would be when he transitions to the oposite/seated side.I guess we 'll continue in the sink for now and splash the kitchen all over .
 This tub does not work well for small newborns . My now 10 week old is just over 9 lbs and still ca n't be bathed in this tub as she slides down and gets all scrunched up in the ample space on the infant side . Even rolling up a towel and placing towards the bottom under her bottom does not work . Also not good that there is no cradle space for baby 's head . Important in the first 3 months when they ca n't hold their own . I end up trying to hold her with one hand and washing with the other which makes me and baby all uncomfortable as soaping and rinsing with one hand is difficult . Also tough to get the back .
 Looked very bad . Very poor quality plastic . Felt bad to see the sticker `` Made in USA '' . There was a crack in the product , does n't look like damaged while shipping . Felt like sellers are using amazon to clear of defective product .
 We used this tub twice before it started leaking ! water flooded out the plug hole and all over the kitchen counter . We thought maybe the plug was n't secured so we tried it again next bath time , same thing!It 's now going in the trash -LRB- try shipping this huge monstrosity back ! -RRB- where it belongs.Shame , because I really like the concept . My son also slips around in there , and the middle part meant to secure him just makes him uncomfortable .
 It does get dirty very easy . after a week of use , you will find that the tub has black streaks on it and it 's extrememly difficult to remove them . We 've decided to ditch it and buy another brand instead.Also , it is just too huge ... too many extra stuff in the tub . After using it , we figured out we just want something simple ... just need a tub , no need to have anything inside !
 It 's a great tub , but it does not fit into my reg . bathtub .
 My 9 month old son loves bath time with the Fisher Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub . It 's got anti-slip for infants and same goes for the toddler position . Only thing I did not like about the tub was that it 's too shallow and my son is big for 9 month . -LRB- I 'm guessing the depth has something to do with safety -RRB- . My brother who just has his daughter said his Primo tub was too big so he wanted to switch.Pros . . it 's bigConsit 's too big and waste a lot of water . over twice as much water as the FP whale tub . Which I would not mind if it was bit deeper so my son can get a better submersion but it 's not any deeper than the FP whale tub.Main problem is that Flooring is too slippery so my son was startled everytime his bum slipped against the floor . He loves bath time with his Fisher Price Whale tub since he was an infant . Always smiles and never wanting to get but yesterday for the first time , I saw him startled and whining to get out of the tub . Never once saw my son slip on the Whale tub . In fact he would rotate and splash around while taking a bath without a problem . With Primo tub he stopped dead on his track , scared that he would slip.I supposed you can put a towel to offset the slipping problem but I think I 'd rather look for another tub .
 I had high hopes for this product after reading all the glowing reviews.This is why it does not work for us -1 -RRB- Our tall -LRB- 86 percentile -RRB- 7 month old fits rather uncomfortably on the side for babies 6 month and older . The protrusion to keep the baby slipping is real close to her body and she has to sit really upright and in no other position . A bit more recline is needed and the protrusion needs to be less wide .2 -RRB- Our baby is always trying to stand up - and the shiny and highly slippery surface means she falls down hard . A well designed product would have a non-slip surface ! 3 -RRB- The drain hole is tiny - takes a long time for water to drain out.Cheap - and highly over-rated . I 'm looking for alternatives .
 My 7 months gets too active during bathtime so I bought this to replace myFisher-Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub . It is bigger which is great but it is also very slippery for an active infant . My infant would crawl or tried to stand up causing her to slipped hitting her body and head into the safety supports which are hard plastic mounds . Bathing became difficult and painful for her so I stopped using it and got something with a flat even surface like aHoppop Bato Bath Tub , Limewhich worked out quite nicely . I would only used this if my infant just lay during bath like a newborn but she does n't . I would also recommend getting some anti slip stickers if you 're still going to get this . Will give it another try once she can stand on her own .
 I bought this tub for my daughter -LRB- now 1 -RRB- . She is a small , petite girl and I always felt like she was too small for this tub , even now . I stopped using it . It is very big and bulky and the hard plastic is slippery and there is no cushioning for her head . I did like the soap holder and the fact that the tub can be used with older babies as well . But it just did not work for us .
 Its huge . It doesnt fit on my bath . Its even a tight squeeze inside the tub . When I bathe my baby in the tub it kills my back so I have to put the tub on the floor which is a tight squeeze because my bathroom is so small.The bath does have 2 sides . One end is for smaller babies . They can lay down and cant slip down due to the mid section . The other side is a lttle small.I dont use this bath much because of the size of it . My daughter prefers to beable to swim in the main bathtub or shower with me .
 I bought this tub because I felt my 8 month-old had outgrown his old tub -LRB- First Years Infant to Toddler Tub -RRB- , but THE PRIMO TUB IS TOO BIG . My son moves around a lot in the tub , and everytime he moved he slipped , nearly going under each time . It was scary and I could n't wait to get him out , and back into his slightly smaller , but much safer , First Year 's tub.My son is now 10 mos , and I just tried the Primo tub again , this time with non-slip , suction cup circles that I bought specifically to use with this tub . He did fine as long as he just sat and did n't try to move ... that lasted maybe 5 minutes ! As soon as he tried to turn around or stand up , he slipped and went under . I was right there , and caught him immediately , but it was scary.I actually still think this could be a good tub , but it 's just not for little ones . I 'm going to guess and say maybe for 1 year-olds and up . Needless to say , I 'm sticking to my trusty blue First Years tub .
 I did n't know any better - first time mom - I registered for this huge thing . It 's slippery when you put a newborn in it & they do n't fit in the seat properly , my son was very uncomfortable and cried . I used a smaller tub now , but will keep this for when he is older and can use the other side of it . For now , I have to figure out where to store the huge thing .
 I really wanted to love this bath , but I do n't . It is just too big even in my rather big bathroom.My baby was n't really into this tub either.I 'm still keeping it in case if we have another baby.If you are having a first baby , I would recommend using Infant Bath Seat from primo.It is easy to use , clean and store . My baby liked it better .
 I ordered this tub new and the tub has water marks and orange mildew on all the edges , under the edge and around the drain plug . There is also calcium build up around the drain plug . This is far from a new product it has been well used . I do n't know if the tub is any good because I will not be bathing my son in this .
 THIS THING IS BIG AND BULKY AND SLIPPERY WHEN WET . BEST ONE IS Summer Infant Mother 's Touch Large Comfort Bather
 Arrived caved in from shipping . If a plastic tub ca n't endure shipping , how can it handle a growing toddler ? I had a nightmarish experience returning through Marketplace , horrible experience for a cheap overpriced tub . I ended up ordering the hoppop bath , which I love . The PRI tub certainly was n't worth the $ 50 I spent . Go to Bed , Bath , & Beyond to see it in person and pay $ 24.99 if you really want it . I still prefer the hoppop that I purchased through Amazon .
 After reading such great reviews I registered for this tub . It never worked for my daughter . Everytime I put her in it , she wiggled right out of the holding seat . She was a big baby , so it 's not like she was too small for it . I just used the safer bather mat in the regular tub and she loved it . When she was old enough to sit up I tried again , but by this time she preferred splashing in the big tub so I gave mine away .
 A lot of people recommended this to us , and we coughtit , but next time we definitely wo n't . when your baby is n't sitting yet , you are better off with a smaller tub that has a better surface for the baby to lie on . When you kid is sitting , all the shaping of this tub is in the way of his legs and his toys ! Better to use big tub or ikea baby tub . Very bulky too :-LRB- -LRB-
 I tried this detergent based on the reviews and I am truly puzzled by the dazzling reviews this product has received . It did not get my laundry any cleaner and cost a bundle more than my regular laundry soap.It does have a VERY strong perfume , but that wears off and is not bad . But I would expect for $ 20 a bottle to be wowed and honestly I can not say I saw a difference . So it is not worth the price difference .
 I 've purchased this item in the past and found there are two chronic problems - they do n't last very long -LRB- a consideration since they 're much more expensive than other brands -RRB- , and the material compresses a lot during wear which causes a 1/4 inch lift to become less . This may be a problem for anyone who is heavier . Going to try something different next time , since I was previously unaware that there are many more choices .
 I bought this lift because of leg length discrepancy and needed something that did n't compress . This is firm rubber but it does in fact compress so it is useless to me . More for people who want to be taller I think .
 This is too soft to be effective as a heel lift - it 's more of a pad to absorb impact.The compressible padding and soft top means that my foot moved up and down in the shoe , and caused irritation of my heel and wear on my socks.Not a good design for a heel lift .
 It does n't stay in the shoe well , moves around , gets caught under the arch . It was not worth the money .
 The product is as described but the glue holding them together is weak . Moving them from shoe to show would not be recommended . They came apart within a week .
 This battery doesnt have much stamina at all . It 's fine for driving small screws but if you intend to do anything heavier such as drilling with a spade bit or driving a quantity of long screws you will need a battery with a larger capacity . I suggest you opt for a battery with at least 2.0 ah .
 I had the same problem than other reviewers
 I thought that i would try this product out . It 's no better than one I bought for half the price .
 I placed this order May 31 and it just shipped today June 6 . When I placed the order there was no indication there would be such a delay . I would have ordered from somewhere else . My hamstring will be healed by the time this thing arrives . Not too happy about the delayed shipment .
 Just wanted to warn you all , DO NOT buy a Remington nose hair trimmer . You will be sorry . I have gone through 2 of them already with very light usage , a black narrow one and a silver one just like this one . They are very cheaply made and only last a short time , before # 1 just stopped working and # 2
 You get what you pay for , and it is so very true in this case . It 's a waste of time , plastic , and your time .
 Junk ... first it wouldnt go on after sitting awhile . Then the heads were very loose , and now the on/off switch just FELL APART . Remington should be ashamed of putting their name on it .
 Why is there no option for zero stars?Do your sanity a favor and just go buy the manual twist trimmer by Groom Mate . The Remington model trims nothing . After reaming your nostril for a couple minutes , you might be lucky enough for one or two hairs to get stuck in the blades , causing you to wince as you rip them out . You probably wo n't notice the pain though as you are trying to recover from the intense urge to sneeze from the trimmer 's vibration , and the unpleasant machine-shop smell that sticks in your nose for hours.Oh wait , 1 star because it has good battery life .
 I actually liked the trimmer . Did what it 's suppose to , UNTIL , the bottom broke off when turning it on one time . I think I will check out a different one next time . Can get costly if it keeps breaking .
 After I tried my husband 's trimmer , I was impressed and went to buy my own . The Remington was the only brand at the store . I figured how much difference could there be between this and my husband 's Wahl?Well , the head is too short , the blade does not trim hair close , and the top comes off wayyy too easy . Plus you ca n't pull the pieces apart to clean it ; you 're supposed to `` brush or blow hair from the cutting unit '' or you can `` hold the unit 's head under the faucet '' . Seems pretty unsanitary to me . With the Wahl you can pull the plastic piece with the blades out and make sure it 's actually clean and then dry it -LRB- a good thing if you agree the combo of moisture and nose/ear residue is an icky recipe for bacteria -RRB- . I ca n't comment on the other head that 's included since I did n't use it.Sorry , I do n't know for sure the model # of the Wahl ; but in looking on Amazon , it closely resembles the Wahl 5545-400 3 in 1 which is only a dollar more . I 'd be willing to bet it 's a dollar well spent .
 Cheap , does n't work , piece of junk and a waste of money no matter how cheap it is .
 This nose hair trimmer worked fine for a few months , but now I put a fresh battery in and it will not even turn on . I kept trying the switch and it worked sporatically , clearly the switch is broken or motor has failed . Spend your money on a better one .
 My last trimmer , made by Braun broke after 4 years , bought this to replace it and was amazed by how poor it is . It hardly cuts anything . Lots of noise , looks cool , but does n't really work . At all . Wierd . Do n't buy !
 I thought I would splurge on a new trimmer since my old Panasonic was dying . This thing does not work . when I first tried it , I thought it must have some sort of packaging to prevent the blades from working when new out of the box . I looked inside the head and the blades were spinning . I do n't know what the deal is , but it DOES NOT WORK.Save you money .
 Skip this and take the $ $ you would have wasted on it and put it toward a better one . This has a cutter and a non-removable shield that , I guess , is meant to keep you from cutting the hair too short . The problem is that the shield is TOO far from the cutter , so I end up with neatly trimmed hair sticking out of my nose . I wore my old trimmer out and it was great ... so I know there are better products out there . Trust me , the word `` Titanium '' does not mean this thing is good . The ear trimmer attachment they include is even more worthless than the nose trimmer . If you buy this , you 'll be back on here in a few days looking at one you wish you would have bought .
 the thing doesnt cut . there is nothing more to say cuz it is a nose hair trimmer and it doesnt trim nose hairs lol .
 When it arrived , it arrived with an exploded battery in the package and battery acid all over everything . Had to throw it out . Very disappointed .
 dont buy this piece of junk , it has a nice design but it doesnt work at all , i threw it in garbage
 WOW . Remington , you sell us a trimmer that does n't trim . what a scam ? What a waste of time and money !
 Skip this and take the $ $ you would have wasted on it and put it toward a better one . This has a cutter and a non-removable shield that , I guess , is meant to keep you from cutting the hair too short . The problem is that the shield is TOO far from the cutter , so I end up with neatly trimmed hair sticking out of my nose . I wore my old trimmer out and it was great ... so I know there are better products out there . Trust me , the word `` Titanium '' does not mean this thing is good . The ear trimmer attachment they include is even more worthless than the nose trimmer . If you buy this , you 'll be back on here in a few days looking at one you wish you would have bought .
 Nothing to say good about this product . Save your money and buy regular small cuticle scissors . Of course get the kind with a rounded end . This product does not work . It is cute , comes with another trimmer type and both are useless .
 How I wish I had read the reviews here before buying . The trimmer simply did not work and , after three months , it 's broken beyond repair . Believe me , I was super gentle with it as I paid way too much for it . Because I paid so much , I kept trying to use it . I adjusted it , switched the heads out , etc. , but it never , ever worked correctly . The sideburn trimmer on my very old electric razor does a MUCH better job , sad to say . It 's trimming capabilites are non-existent and it goes without saying that I expected it to last longer than three months.Stay far , far away . I am extremely disappointed because Remington usually makes fine products . They struck-out with this one .
 Blades wo n't cut , almost at all . The previous version of a Remington trimmer I had worked great . It died on me unfortunatly . This one is a waste of money . I do n't know why they could n't keep making them like my old one . But then if they did that , they would n't be able to sell new ones and make more money .
 This item does not work . It does absolutely nothing . I bought one and then was sent a second one . Neither one works . It was a gift and I felt so bad that I gave someone a gift that did n't work .
 This trimmer comes with two heads ... upper part is removable . However when I try to put linear head , 3 out of 5 times it doesnt fit properly and so it does n't start when it is turned on . Rotary head works fine .
 This product did not cut any nose hair at all . I am not exaggerating to say NONE . I also bought a conair one and it was equally useless . I gave it one star instead of zero because it offers a 30 day money back guarentee and can be returned to the point of purchase.Also you can not use rechargable batteries in this unit only alkaline.There are no directions to this unit . Under directions it only gives information on how to install a battery .
 Worth Full to buy this product . I dont comment on price . But the Quality is very good .
 This was a gift to replace my old Panasonic ER411 nose hair trimmer that stopped working . I found the rotary head to be almost totally ineffective at cutting nose hairs . The linear head intended for ears and eyebrows was n't much better . The only saving grace is the feature that it can be cleaned by running under cold or warm running water -LRB- as is the case with my surprisingly good Panasonic wet/dry face shaver -RRB- . In disgust I sprayed aerosol electric shaver cleaner on the old unit and to my delight the Panasonic started working again . If you want to clip nose hairs under water buy this :--RRB- ; otherwise get a Panasonic ER411 if they still are available.For many years I owned Remington electric shavers made in USA -LRB- remember Victor Kiam who found them so good he bought the company -RRB- . Unfortunately the Chinese Remington products are inferior . Compare this review with mine of the excellent Braun 7526 shaver I bought from -LSB- ... -RSB- a few years ago to replace my last American made Remington XLR3000 when it finally gave out .
 This product just does n't cut my nose hair as close as the Panasonic it replaced . If I could remember the model of the Panasonic , I would mention it in this review . I hope I can find the manual for the Panasonic so I can get another one.Beware that many of the new designs are going this rout -LRB- even Panasonic -RRB- . The manufacturers are saying this allows for more natural filtration , but I think its more of a liability issue on their part -LRB- someone probably got sued for a nicked nose -RRB- . I just wo n't buy their products anymore if they 're going to design them for marginal performance .
 I bought one of these through Amazon . It runs on a battery that lasts about 3 ear trimmings . It always clogs up ... Junk Junk Junk ... save your money and buy a re-chargeable trimmer !
 Completely useless . It buzzes and does not cut . O tossed it in the garbage and bought a Panasonic that works !
 While I realize the market is driving some of these design decisions and Remington is no different than any other budget nose hair trimmer , it was a bit of a shock to find that the switch is even more cheaply designed to fail rapidly than the budget nose hair trimmer I bought previously -LRB- Remington NE-1 -RRB- . At least with the NE-1 , I was able to repair the switch with a piece of sheet brass when it failed . This new trimmer 's switch is designed to fail and be hard to repair.Device was broken when I opened it up from the annoying blister pack . I should have shopped around more.Cheap , disposable crap guaranteed to need replacing way too soon and fill up land fills .
 The wipes were wet but way too small to be useful for cleaning hands even as a 2 ply towelete.I have used other wipes that were 4 times bigger but they were discontinued .
 These alcohol prep pads shred very easily and lose their wetness quickly . Bear in mind , I am using these to wipe down surgical instruments . If looking for something an alcohol prep pad to just wipe the skin/infected area once or twice real quick , these will suffice . For my purposes , they do not .
 I have used alcohol prep pads several times a day , every day for years . I 've purchased many brands and like some more than others . The recent widespread recall of these products by the FDA made it difficult to find any of my favorite brands , so I tried these . I have now encountered a brand I will NEVER buy again . No matter what I use them for , before I 'm done , they have shredded in two . Couple that with the fact that they 're much too small makes them just not worth the cost .
 I was expecting to receive wipes . Instead I received these tiny pads that are meant for injection pre-cleaning . Be careful before buying if this is not their intended use .
 I ordered the red and whote kendall alcohol preps and was sent the blue and white ones . these are smaller and imo not as good as the ones that I thought I was getting . I would have appreciated knowing this , then would have waited until what I wanted was again in stock /
 I ordered Kendall alcohol prep pads 200 count and what did I receive ? RAW natural hemp & cotton rolling tips for tobacco ! What an awful mistake the seller has made ! The item I purchased cost over $ 9 and what I received is probably work a couple of dollars ! And they have nothing to do with each other ! I ordered the alcohol prep pads for medical reasons and thank goodness I was able to find them somewhere else as the rolling tips are worthless and trash to us ! This seller got it ALL wrong ! Now the seller needs to make it right !
 I used this with a grout brush , diluted and full strength . Improvements were marginal at best . I get much better results with baking soda and water with less scrubbing .
 The Hoover Floormate Grout-Cleaning Solution did n't really do the job for me . I have a huge , cermaic tile entryway and the grout has taken a beating . I wanted something to get it a lot cleaner than this grout cleaner for the floormate could do .
 We have a lighter colored kitchen floor with beige colored grout . With two kids and a dog , the traffic pattern has turned some of the grout much darker . I wanted to brighten it up and was hoping that this cleaner would do the job . I had been using my Hoover Floormate withHoover Hard Floor Cleaner , 48 Ounces , AH30100and liked how well it cleaned the floor overall.After going over the floor -LRB- slowly -RRB- using this cleaner , I noticed no difference in my grout . The reality is that this is much more than double the cost per ounce and should have made a more noticeable difference.I 'll be sticking to theHoover Hard Floor Cleaner , 48 Ounces , AH30100at a more cost effective price and taking the time to occasionally hand scrub the stained grout .
 I purchased this with the hopes it would clean the grout in my newly purchased home . The previous owner had carpet under the tables so there is a distinct difference in grout color . It help to clean a little , but not as much as I had hoped .
 I bought this product in the hopes that it would help my new Hoover Floormate hard floor cleaner . -LRB- It is going back by the way as it does not work even with the grout brush block -RRB- The cleaner does not do any better than lysol multi cleaner or pinesol or any other cleaners I have used including my steam cleaner -LRB- Haan -RRB- turns out that the Haan is the least expensive to use and cleans better than this cleaner with the floormate . To be fair I did use the Libman scrubber on a stick with this tile cleaner in some areas and got the same results with just plain water . I am sad that this did not work . I really , really wanted it all to work . I have a new-ish home -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- and I can see where the previous owner had carpets on the floor . -LRB- Another reviewer also had this problem -RRB- I also went over the floor 5 whole times . Just to make sure that somehow using the Haan never did a good job like I thought . . Sorry charlie , no such luck .
 I did n't have any success with this product at all . The grout does n't look any cleaner than before I started . I 'll stick with steam cleaning the grout .
 It suggest that it cleans grout , but I did not see a remarkable difference after using . Tiles looked cleaner but no change in grout .
 Used as directed with FloorMate . Also used directly on grout with a brush . Used it full strength , used it diluted . Even let it stay on grout for about 15 minutes . No one of those methods did anything !! Save your money . You 'll get as good results using almost anything else . Perhaps most disappointing product I 've used in 10 years .
 I thought it would clean the grout better than Clorox kitchen with bleach , but not as great , as the the clorox .
 These deteriorate before I can get them in mouth . I usually put my vitamins in a daily container a week ahead of time . However , these tablets start deteriorating before I can take them . The pills should have a coating on them to prevent that . I do n't have high humidity or heat & all my other vitamins hold up just fine .
 they -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- identify them as tablets but they 're big capsules so if you ca n't swallow big pills - you wont like these . I thought they were round tablets that I 'd be able to swallow but NOPE so I 'll never know if this supplement works to burn fat and boost energy as it 's supposed to
 First time I used it it bent and would n't open the bottle to make it easy open ! Not worth a dime !
 This rating is for Amazon sending me bars that were months past their expiration date . I have had this flavor -LRB- Spiced Pumpkin Pie -RRB- of Clif Bars before and I like it . However the bars I received from Amazon were dry , and the icing was yellow from age . The other flavor I ordered , Cranberry Apple Cherry , was fresh and as good as getting it from a grocery store . But I wish quality control at Amazon would make it so they do not send expired food to customers .
 I eat a lot of Cliff bars , I enjoy them but these were stale . I found the expiration date was August 2005 but I ordered these in October 2005 . I called customer service and they said I need to ship these back so I could get a refund ... not worth the 10 bucks . With the price increase I can get these cheaper at my local store a safer bet .
 They changed the recipe or something , cause they no longer taste like white chocolate . :-LRB- It 's an odd sweet , creamy taste that is definitely not like it was a few months ago when I got my previous shipments . The last batch I received through subscribe and save has an expire date in June 2012 . It tastes awful.I called Clif and the customer support gave me some canned response of ` The taste can vary slightly from batch to batch ' . Sent me some replacements and they tasted the same . Awful . I have canceled my subscription to this particular Clif bar -LRB- I still have 2 others -RRB- . Really is a shame , this WAS a great flavor . What Clif did to it , I do not know . Again , these no longer have a distinct white chocolate taste , but rather some other sweet flavor I have yet to identify . At the end of the day , some may still like the taste I suppose , but the bars no longer taste like they did .
 It does n't taste anything like chocolate ! It tastes like a boring apple-cinnamon flavored granola bar with a little bit of white icing drizzled on top!I also bought the Clif mini bars and I loved all of them , including Chocolate Chip and Chocolate Brownie which DO taste like chocolate ! -LRB- The peanut butter flavor is awesome -RRB-
 guys come on , all the reviews talk about how yummy the bar is ... so what ? Have you checked the nutrition label ? You may as well be eating a cookie and popping a multivitaminevery bar has 23g -LRB- 92 Calories -RRB- of sugar compared to 10g of protein ! D - : i know it is an `` energy '' bar , but why is the energy coming from sugar ?? the only reason i see for buying this is if you want to replace junk food , like chips and cookies . This is definately a better choice . But a terrible choice if you are looking to get in shape .
 I was dreaming , this Vacuun would be the solution for my impotence problem ... after the `` installation '' ... the MOTOR operated by the Bateries ... did not suck almost anything ... and I did wait five minutes !!!
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 These pills are massive and they smell so bad that I could not continue taking them . They taste horrible and the taste lingers for a while ... its totall gross ... i would reccomend Source Naturals Herbal Resistance Liquid -LRB- Alcohol Free Formula -RRB- as an alternative . It works amazingly and basically you 'll never be sick again ! and it tastes much much better and is much easier to take !!!
 We bought the 90 tablet pill version -LRB- these are solid pills -RRB- from a GNC and they worked well . They do smell a bit and where somewhat hard to swallow , but we started using them at any sign of a cold . We never had any side effects . Recently , we bought the 240 capsule size -LRB- these are made with a soft gell capsule -RRB- via AMAZON as the savings vs the pills was almost 50 % . My wife and I both experienced abdominal pains after taking these capsules . We tested this several times and each time we had the same low grade abdominal pain . It was almost as if your inards where inflammed . It wouldnt last very long , but it was obviously from the gell capsules . We bought the 90 tablet pills again from GNC and did not have any problems with the product.I am not sure why we would have pains from the capsule vs the pills for the same product , but these are my recommendations .1 -RRB- Make sure the reseller is an authorized reseller for Source Naturals . They list the vendors on their web site -LSB- ... -RSB- This will prevent any , potentially dangerous , knock offs getting in your hands .2 -RRB- Before you buy , ask for the shelf life of the product you receive . We bought the 240 capsules and the shelf life was only a few months . If you buy the pills from a store , you can see the expiry date is much longer .3 -RRB- Buy the pills vs the capsules . They may smell and may be harder to swallow , but I believe they are better for you . The counter argument may be they dont break down as fast , but capsules can spoil faster than solid pills and could also be more easily tampered with .4 -RRB- If you encounter any pains . STOP taking this product and see your doctor . Dont forget to take the tablets with you for your check up . Wellness Products should not cause any pains or discomfort.Be well.Sincerely , Andreas
 I am still hopeful regarding this product despite my poor experience . I want this stuff to work and hope to come back and edit my review at some point . My colleague was so vehement in swearing by this stuff , with several examples of others she knows that it works great for , that I went online and bought 2 of the biggest bottles of 180 tabs and 2 of the largest bottles of the alcohol-free tincture -LRB- for my 3 year old -RRB- to keep us healthy against those nasty pre-school germs . He recently started preschool and it 's been the typical runny noses & colds plaguing everyone in our home relentlessly since then . Probably a coincidence , but the week I got the stuff and began taking it , I felt a flu coming on , so I did the triple dose every 3 hrs as suggested and ended up getting one of the worst flus I 've had in 15 years despite nearly going through 90 tabs ! I 've had several colds since then , and each time I try to thwart it at the `` first signs of imbalance '' as the bottle says , by taking 3 tabs every 3 hrs , and each time I still get sick . WTF ??? My husband actually makes fun of me now because taking Wellness Formula is such a joke , I 'm always getting sick regardless ! And yes , the tabs are so big and stinky they make me gag , but if the stuff worked , I would n't care . I am just so disappointed with this stuff -LRB- or with my immune system vs. preschool -RRB- , bah !
 the one thing I hate is ordering something and waiting for 2 weeks and have to back track and check to see why it 's not here . This company does n't have the common deccentcy to send an email that it IS N'T IN STOCK ... POOR SERVICE . . WO N'T BE BACK .
 Had a virus . Tried everything to help get over it ... . Dont know if this helped or not . I was down at least 14 days ... . ugh !
 I ordered 240 tablets and received 240 capsules . you have to take twice as many capsules as tablets which means my product cost twice as much as expected . very misleading image and labels in the order form .
 The Wellness Formula pills really help you from getting a cold if you start them as soon as you feel a cold coming on .
 Ok , so , the taste and smell is very strong . When you are felling sick at first , this smell really want to make you gag . My girlfriend got a bad stomach flu that resulted in it coming out both ends . I knew it was only a matter of time for me . I went ahead and started this product ... no suck luck . I started having the double ended action too . I actually kept that up until I dehydrated my way into the hospital . Maybe that bug was just too much for it . She took nothing and got off better than I did .
 I bougth these with some expectations to dodge a cold . My two kids need a healthy mom to care for them when they are sick . However , I 'm sick with a cold now and had another one last week . I take the recommended dose and I 'm a healthy eater . SO ? I guess my colds were too hard for this to work.They also repeat on me something awful for a hour after taking them . Burping this is not pleasant . I will stick to tylenol and get back to work .
 I have been taking these for almost a year - they are amazing . At the first sign of getting sick , follow the directions , I would take more than 1 etc. . I would swallow them with a bite of food to get around the taste . They worked 100 % of the time.I bought them at GNC . My GNC is out of them . I went on-line , ordered them , and much to my delight saved 50 % . Yea . I took 1 today and got so dizzy and sick and nausious . Ugh . Why would I order something on-line and swallow it ???? I do not recommend buying this on-line .
 Bought this product based entirely on the rave reviews . I have 2 toddlers and I need to keep myself healthy when they are sick . Well , I take it daily and overall eat well . However , I have a cold right now and had one last week . So much for that.The pills also produce some serious `` repeating '' on me . I burp up the flavor for a while after taking a dose . That is not good , the flavor is pretty bad.I mean I made it through horse pill size prenatals vitamins !!! I will not be buying these again . I 'll stick with tylenol for a cold .
 I bought this as an alternative to Tylenol because it is natural , but it did n't work on my headaches at all .
 I would n't know about other applications , but this lube sucks for anal ! It literally hurts to use it!After about 20 seconds the lube turns into a jell-o like substance that does n't lubricate at all . In fact it creates more friction!Just saying , if you 're doing anal use something like swiss navy/WET .
 This product is kind of a staple , but I experienced some extreme discomfort in the form of a burning sensation . Did some research , and I 'm not the only one out there.If you have any issues with sensitive skin , try something else .
 I am generally a Luna addict ; before Caramel Apple , I had never tried a flavor that I did not like . I was disappointed to find that , unlike the other flavors , Caramel Apple was far too sweet and did not possess the natural flavor and the balance between sweetness and fruit of other Luna flavors .
 Like Mom always Said ... You live and Learn.This is TOO time consuming and is NOT PERMANENT - SAVE your money for the professional hair removal and you can save what little time you have for better things !!! Used this product just as instructed ! All treatments were done on time and the results were A WASTE OF PRECIOUS TIME!I DO NOT think you should waste your money on this item .
 Was recently diagnosed prehypertensive so got this item to keep track of BP at home . I am a nurse in a doctor 's office and get my pressure taken there , but I have to find time for someone else to take it . Wanted a home one so I could also see if there is a difference when not stressed at work . It is very finicky about positioning . The most frequent reading is `` Error '' . The readings that I have been getting are generally 20 points off . My daughter who is not hypertensive took hers and it was off by the same amount . It is inexpensive and shipping was free , but still not worth the money .
 This product always reads high etc 198/99 I then use a stethoscope and cuff it reads 110/75 . I would n't recomend this to anyone I guess you get what you pay for .
 This wrist monitor consistently gave out very high pressure to everyone in my family . After we visited our own doctors , we knew that it was this monitor that produced falsely high reading .
 Horribly inconsistent and inaccurate . Fluctuates 40 + points almost every reading for both me and my spouse . Gave up and got different monitor with a arm band , it works wonderfully . This is too important of a reading to save a few dollars on ! There are $ 50 monitors that work wonderfully , get one of those instead .
 The ADC Advantage Wrist Blood Pressure Monitor is easy to put on , start , and read but ridiculously sensitive . So much so that if you pay attention to its readings you will end up with high blood pressure even if you do n't start out that way . Unless you sit with the monitor exactly level with your heart or lie down while taking your reading , the monitor will almost certainly give you a high reading . Stand while you use it and the reading may convince you to call 911 . Of course one should sit still , relax , all that good stuff while taking a blood pressure reading , but this monitor forces you to a degree of stillness that is almost mummy-like . I love the idea of the convenience and size of a wrist monitor but this model is just too fussy for me .
 The Blood Pressure Monitor is absolutely inaccurate . I compared it with Blood Pressure results in doctor 's office and tested it on several people . The test results are horrible . It specially bad because people can take these blood pressure results seriously and start to feel really sick .
 I got this thermometer to use for testing fevers in my children , but in one ear it will say they have a 102 , then I check the other ear , and it 's 98 . I can never get the same reading twice , and I never know which one to believe . I have taken my own temperature to test it , and it often says I have a 101 + when I feel fine . This thermometer truly does not work properly ; it seems to just throw out a random number every time you push the button . It 's a complete waste of money .
 Not much to say about it , it returns random results . For instance I read 97.2 and 10 seconds later I get 99.4 . And I 'm really feeling quite well .
 Neither my husband nor I could get consistant temeratures . I would measure 98.4 in one ear and 101.3 in the other , then moments later it would jump to 103 , we never know if we really have a fever .
 I found this product was good to begin with but as soon as I wore it a few times it became really loose & would n't hold in the correct position . I find myself having to adjust it every 15mins to ensure it stays tight . My previous straps have all held shape for a lot longer .
 These knee straps work fine but there is a lot of package information that you need to read BEFORE you purchase this , such as
 The strap did n't provide enough adjustable compression . I ended up going with a Nike that gave much stronger velcro for adjustability .
 Anyone buying from the store should read the info carefully . This cho-pat is for only ONE , not two , which is how I purchased mine in the past . I realized there was only one when it arrived and when I returned it , I was only given 5 dollars and some change back out of 15 since they deducted the free shipping `` deal '' that the store was offering . So , I payed 10 dollars for a product I sent back . Bad deal .
 Get the Nike knee strap . These suck . The huge area on the back of the knee has velcro sticking out that scratches . Bought two of these and both had this issue . These other reviews are a joke .
 I had no problem with the seller ... That was perfectly fine . But , after using Crabtree & Evelyn shaving cream , this was a disappointment ...
 I have never been so disappointed in an online experience in my life . The supplier , Medex Supply basically are crooks . They sold me a stethoscope that was supposedly brand new . When it came it was in an unsealed box and did not work.There was no auscultation or sound emitted from the bell of the stethoscope whatsoever . When I contacted them , they told me to contact the manufacturer . Medex took my money , and then refused to refund me . I had the stethoscope 1 hour found out the problem and immediately e-mailed them . They took 2 days to respond to say they would contact me in the future , then they contacted me two days later to say contact the manufacturer which was ADC.This was a total waste of my time , and robbery of my money .
 This looks good , and it is packaged well , but the sound quality was terrible . Will probably not use it again .
 I bought this stethoscope so that my grandchild could listen to heartbeats , but it did n't work well at all . We could barely hear anything . I plan to return it .
 This is easily the worst -LRB- WORST ! -RRB- stethoscope I have ever owned . The ear pieces fell off and the acoustics are poor . Do n't be hooked in by the price , this is a piece of junk .
 I bought this in addition to a littman cardiology III as a backup and all I can say wow what a night and day difference . The littman is much clearer and louder whereas with this particular stethoscope requires excellent hearing IMO to be used . I say why strain to hear something when all you have to do is take the extra few weeks worth of savings and buy a real stethoscope especially for those who considering a profession in the medical field .
 I use Stethoscope a lot on pt. , but very honestly to comment that the BS quality is not as that good/clear as what others said . Compared to Omron which is much cheaper & more heavier , but I can listen more clear .
 I am a home care nurse and use this frequently during work.I have n't had this stethoscope very long and the ear pieces keep coming off . I have been lucky enough to find them both times but very inconvenient to keep losing them !
 I was sent a ADC 609bk instead of a 603 . still waiting to find out if they can cross ship a replacement .
 I ordered this based on all the good reviews . When I received it I tried it out and could only hear heart sounds very faintly . Have definitley used better , clearer , louder stethoscopes before and this one was practically useless .
 While this product does seem to help with the arthritic aches and pains , there seems to be a globbing problem when trying to apply it . It does not go on smoothly and therefore some of the benefit is lost .
 Using this on pet and food stains , this cleaner does n't really work any better or worse than others I 've tried . Normally I would n't buy anything that says it is `` Instant '' , but this had such good reviews . Stick to the cheaper brands from your local store.Update 9/28/12
 Did n't work for me -LRB- our dog -RRB- ! It did not clean the carpet or remove the stains . I will keep trying other products .
 I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT . IT IS NOT EFFECTIVE IN REMOVING SPOTS FROM CARPET . I RETURNED IT BASED ON THE MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE .
 I must admit that I can not believe how some of the reviews are so positive and it simply did not work for me at all . I had an ink stain on a carpet and it barely made a difference . It says the stain will disappear before your eyes . It did not . My wife and I struggled with the stain for days and it did nothing .
 I had so many review written about the amazing product for coffee stains ... FOLEX did not do a thing . what a waste of money
 I bought this to get a red / pink stain out of beige carpet . actually the stain was from vomit that was left overnight , so I imagine that can be tough . . anyway , did nothing might be good for other stains . .
 I originally gave this 5 stars but now only 1 star . I rated it after the first usage and the stains did disappear and stayed that way for a little while ... however , the stains all reappear . This product seems to only lighten the stain temporarily .
 What a waste of money . Someone told me that they have pets who make a huge mess and that this is the only product that works . I had no success with it at all . Resolve works much better for me .
 I do not know why this product is rated so high . This product does not work -- even on fresh stains -LRB- pet urine , vomit , ink , heavily soiled areas , etc -RRB- . It only wets the carpet . The stain is still there.Although I would rate this product as zero stars , I am required to give it at least one .
 I tried this on a dozen stains . Not only did it not remove any of them , they did n't even change in appearance . I honestly think this product is 99 % water , .5 % dishwashing detergent and .5 % pink food coloring to make it look authentic.I feel like an idiot for buying into their `` instant stain remover '' claims .
 This product either bleached or discolored every item I used it on . DO test the product in inconspicuous places.But the cleaner did n't effectively remove stains , either . I just moved into a new apt ; there was a brownish stain on the beige carpet in the middle of the floor . I sprayed the cleaner on the area and immediately saw the area around the stain become bleached . The stain itself , however , was not removed -LRB- even after vigorous finger scrubbing , as instructed on the bottle -RRB- .
 I had a stain to remove from my tan carpet consisting of crystal lite , unfortunately red , but since that is water based , I did n't think it should be so hard to remove . I tried six different cleaners , and the Folex was my last chance . It was as if I had sprayed water on the carpet . I was totally not impressed . It was a total waste of money .
 I 've tried a lot of carpet cleaners and after reading a few rave reviews , I was excited to try this product that was repeatedly described as `` magic '' . I 'm normally very level-headed and skeptical but after trying Folex , I truly believe in the supernatural ! *** It really IS magic ! *** It was just like a sorcerer , what with the way it conjured up large , blotchy discolorations where before there were only tiny , barely noticeable spots . Much like a magician pulling a rabbit out of a hat , Folex pulled my security deposit right out of my account once my landlord saw the half bleached/half discolored circles . Obviously this product was created by some sort of Super Wizard because the Folex stains not only remained after shampooing -LRB- which happened to remove every single mark on the carpets not touched by this stuff -RRB- but the Folex stains actually got worse with time ! Now that 's an impressive spell that is sure to convince any non-believer !!!
 the bottle was open in the sealed package and totally leaked out before i ever got a chance to use it . obviously they dont check it before its packaged/shipped so not wasting my money again
 Did not work on my dogs old pee stain . Do n't waste your money . I will be returning this product back to home depot
 I searched the internet last night for the best carpet spot remover . By FAR the best rated product I could find was this . People raved about it ! I was sold . I went to Home Depot bright and early this morning and bought a huge jug for 17 $ . I rent an old apartment with off white carpet . I also have small children and a dog . Basically , I have no shortage fo stains and I was SO SURE this would work after reading all the reviews . I do n't know what the deal is or why this seems to work for everyone but me , but honestly it has n't gotten anything up . New or old stains , nothing . Old urine spots , a strawberry milk stain , chocolate ... Even random old spots from before I moved in . . It has n't seemed to effect any of them . Certainly did n't disappear before my eyes . The carpet around whatever spot I treat does look super clean after , but the spot remains . Bummer .
 After reading the many highly rated reviews and also reading the less than high reviews , I decided to try it for myself . I just tried it on my various stains on my tan carpet and to my dismay it did n't touch but maybe one . I am HIGHLY disappointed with this product . There was no `` magic '' disappearing stains before my eyes or fading for that matter . I felt like I was spraying water all over my carpet . If your like me and read the reviews and say well the good outway the bad trust me do n't bother . I too figured what do I have to lose ? Well you have to lose the gas for driving to the store or by having someone deliver it , your money and your time . Complete waste ... I hope this review saves someone the trouble.P.S . If I could give it a zero I would .
 I purchased folex after reading all the wonderful reviews of the product . I wonder if many of the people writing 5-star reviews are rushing to sing folex 's praises 5 minutes , 5 hours , or just 5 days after using this product . I wonder if any of them are waiting at least a few weeks to evaluate folex 's long-term performance , before writing their reviews.I waited , and was extremely disappointed in this product 's overall performance over time . Folex claims to get rid of stains for good . That means they do n't reappear . All the stains I used the Folex on reappeared within a month after it `` looked '' liked they 'd been removed . At least one other reviewer on this site gave Folex a one-star rating based on this problem , also.When I contacted the company that makes Folex for a refund , they did refund my money . The `` gentleman '' who I dealt with included a note with the refund ; it contained one of the most snide comments about the fact that I was n't pleased with the products performance , that I 've ever receieved from any company representative in my life .
 I have two bad stains from soya sauce on my carpet , after reading the reviews on this product I went for it - result NADAno change , waste of money
 I had coffee stain on my carpet and it did n't remove it as promised . This was the only reason I ordered the product , I 'm disappointed .
 I was very disappointed ----- I do n't know how these are considered 12 ply ----- very thin ------ not what I wanted . Wo n't make that mistake again .
 The 4x4 pads are a little thin to my liking . Had I needed a thicker pad I would have to make an additional purchase . These are find for cleaning or use on a smaller wound where you could fold the pad once or twice . Be prepared to use two or three pads if you are using on a larger wound . It 's a good value , just do n't expect a substantial piece of gauze .
 This product purports to be 12 ply but the weave is so thin and loose , you can read a newspaper through any ply up to 6 ply ! I have had to use three of these per dressing change rather than the one I usually use . Not worth the money .
 I did n't realize the poor quality of the pad . Very thin not very absorbant .
 OK , I suppose technically these are as described , 12 ply gauze pads , but when you compare to a REAL 12 ply gauze pad like a J&J , you see how pathetic they are . Even it the price , not worth it . It 's too bad Amazon does n't allow a ZERO star rating !
 These pads are thin and far from being as thick and absorbent as Johnson & Johnson or even the Rite Aid brand . The packaging far out did the pad itself . If the company put as much inot the product instead of the packing may have been a difference .
 only gave one star cause it prompts you to give at least 1 . i paid $ 20.99 in express shipping -LRB- for the lightest stuff on the planet-guaze pads -RRB- and it 's been 10 days and i am still waiting for my item/s . tried to contact the company several times to cancel , no answer . no nothing . i am told by amazon.com that they are still able to charge my cc , for what ? i have no supplies ! your better off ordering through your local pharmacist . it might take a week but at least you 'll have a human to talk to .
 I have a condition that requires the use of 4x4 's daily . Although this product is cheap , it did not meet my requirements . How a company can put this on the market claiming it is 12 ply is beyond me ! It is woven so loosely that it neither absorbs nor covers a wound ! Please do n't look for a bargain with product , you will end up pitching them , as I did , because they are of no use for ... ANYTHING !
 According to the size chart , I bought the right size , but it kept slipping down from my knee.I seems to me that the velco straps are too short and therefore , not enough surface is in contact to keep the brace in place .
 I have heard this vitamin could be helpful for anixety so I thought I would give it a try . It made my anxiety worse . I do n't know if this is good for any other conditions but anxiety is n't one of them .
 The day the battery arrived I put it in the camera and it did not work . I wanted to make sure my camera wasnt broken so i tested the battery on a volt meter and sure enough it was as dead as a rock . When I say dead i mean it came up 0.00 VOLTS . This is suppose to be a new battery . The battery itself wouldnt even hold a charge . This company definitely knows these things shelf life has expired so they are getting rid of them at 50 cents a piece . Dont get fooled like i did . I wont be buying anything from 47th street photo again . ** Update ** Months after purchasing this defective unit from these scam artists they read the bad review I wrote and decide now is a good time to fix the problem . Even if I needed the battery 2 months after I ordered it you would just send me another dead battery and say my hardware was malfunctioning . I am now familiar with how people like you get away with these scams . Even worse is they keep sending me emails and are CONSTANTLY trying to contact me to have me remove my bad feedback . STOP HARASSING ME !
 I recently bought two batteries for my camera , only to discover that they had no life and would notcharge on my charger.After returning the batteries they were replaced by two more dead batteries.I decided to call it quits and shop elsewhere for my batteries .
 Sizing guidelines from Manufacturer are not correct , and are different from their other products . Purchased both the Dual-Action Knee Strap and this Original Knee Strap at the same time . Measurements for the Original show I should use a 2xl , while the Dual shows just the XL . XL is the correct size ! I have been trying to exchange the incorrect size with no luck , as the seller will not return e-mails , and no phone is listed .
 I bought this think it would make things easier with newborn and all well they were n't very useful and what a waste of money . It 's much easier to use cotton swabs and alcohol .
 It 's hard to find 350x reading glasses in most stores so I found these online and ordered several pair . Sorry , they do n't last very long because the earpiece breaks . I used to buy three pair for $ 20 at Sam 's and they lasted forever ; however , they do n't come higher than 300x . I 'll keep looking for glasses they last longer .
 These glasses have worked fine for me , but the design in rather `` old '' looking . Also , the left side temple piece came off about a month after I got them . I found the screw and fixed them but the hinge is poorly designed .
 According to the size chart , I bought the right size , but it kept slipping down from my knee.I seems to me that the velco straps are too short and therefore , not enough surface is in contact to keep the brace in place .
 These glasses have worked fine for me , but the design in rather `` old '' looking . Also , the left side temple piece came off about a month after I got them . I found the screw and fixed them but the hinge is poorly designed .
 It 's hard to find 350x reading glasses in most stores so I found these online and ordered several pair . Sorry , they do n't last very long because the earpiece breaks . I used to buy three pair for $ 20 at Sam 's and they lasted forever ; however , they do n't come higher than 300x . I 'll keep looking for glasses they last longer .
 Sent me an Extra Small . A wast of money . Never ask me the size . So it will end up in the trash . Cant use it .
 Well , I even do not know if I received the product that was advertised . The bottles did not have any normal `` for your protection '' seals and `` do n't use this product if the seal is broken '' disclaimer . Also and because of the absence of the above mentioned seals the lids did not hold and let the soap out into the box during delivery . It is very much likely that they used bottles from the product they advertise to sell something else . AND it spilled . BOTH these things are unacceptable and possibly , at least one of them , illegal . So , decide for yourself if you want this product especially from this particular seller ToiletPaperWorld .
 I ordered these for our wedding in July . I returned them after we opened them due to the quality was not what we were expecting . They are ok but maybe not for a nice wedding .
 I thought this would be have a new fresh taste after all those mint flavors on the market , but I was very disappointed . It was n't even close to lemon-lime .
 While this product is highlighted as having an extension pole , the pole is poorly constructed and flimsy . I tried using on my pool deck , and the pole would not stay locked into place . After trying it some more , the pole essentially snapped . I do not recommend this product , as the pole is poorly constructed . I have ended up taking the broom head and attaching it to another pole . On a side note , the brush head itself is pretty good , but I would n't have paid the money just for the broom head .
 This mouthwash is too strong , burns mouth , no taste . My son uses it and it has the same effect.Try other flavors instead .
 I was not paying much attention when I ordered this , but with shipping it cost me $ 26 . This is more than a liter of whiskey costs . So be careful of shipping .
 I NEVER RECEIVED THIS ITEM BECAUSE THE SELLER SAID IT WAS LOST IN THE MAIL AND THEY DIDNT HAVE ANY MORE IN STOCK.I SETTLED FOR A SIMILAR ITEM BUT I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT THE WHOLE SITUATION BECAUSE THIS ITEM IS NOT AS GOOD AS MY ORIGINAL CHOICE.THE SELLERS CUSTOMER SERVICE PEOPLE WERE NOT AS HELPFUL AS THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN .
 It does appear to clean the floor ; but no matter what we have tried , there is no shine.Being our first pergo floor , I will admit the possibility of user error . But no matter the effort , buffing cloths and time spent , the floor still keeps a film .
 I bought this product after numerous others for my laminate flooring . I thought `` well , its from PERGO it has to work well on PERGO FLOORING '' . Not the case . However , I found out from my landlord she only used a wet mop with water to mop this floor before me -LRB- yuck !! -RRB- . It did make a noticable improvement to the floor . I think anything would have been an improvement from just water . I still had streaks and after it was dry you could see a film on the floor . The smell is not the greatest either . To me it smells like glue . Not a smell you want after busting your rear cleaning all day . I 'd rather spend four dollars , get the same effect from a store bought brand , and have a nice smelling house . Not worth the time or the money .
 We have very hard water and even using a whole house water filter and a water softener , we still end up with deposits in our toilets . I bought this CLR Bath and Kitchen cleaner because it says `` Quickly cuts through calcium , lime and hard water deposists , soap scum , dulling film and dirt '' . It does n't do anything . I sprayed into one of our toilets and it foamed . Then after letting it sit awhile , I brushed it , stains were still there . I have better luck using plain bleach . Perhaps the bottle that I bought just had water in it . I 'm going to take it back to the store and get my money back . I have found that CLR products have always been way over-hyped and have never performed as advertised .
 After seeing all of the commercials I splurged and purchased CLR for water spots on my bathroom shower door . This product did not work at all . All it seemed to do is dry out my hands and stink up the bathroom I used half the bottle and scrubbed let it sit no diffrence .
 Used for a few months and then threw in the trash . When it does work the flame is enormous and you must hold 4 - 5 inches away from cigar tip . Can not use the flame length setting because it only works on the strongest setting.However , this lighter is intermittent at best . Even with a full charge from zippo butane . It sputters and spurts and then goes off .
 I have been using this product for 5 years for my Crohn 's disease and irritable bowel syndrome . This product has reduced pains , bloating and flatulance for me . I would n't hesitate a second to rate the old version of this product with 5 stars . It was a real good help to me . However , now after they added the FOS I can not tolerate the product any more . Now the product GIVES me pain and gas in stead . So either if I quit or if I continue I am lost . If there are more of you who agree with me , please email them or call them -LRB- Nature 's way -RRB- . I have allready done that 2 times . I do n't know what to do . This is like taking away the heart medicine from a heart sick patient . : -LRB-
 I ordered this product thinking that maybe switching from Align to a different product might be good for my system . Big mistake . Tried this product for 2 days and had HORRIBLE - and I do mean HORRIBLE - problems with flatulence . Have periodic issues with flatulence but this was non-stop - could not even leave the house . Stopped the product and the issue immediately ceased . For me - this was something I threw away !
 I am not a stinky person , really ! I never have been prone to deodorant `` breakthrough '' -LRB- failure at some point after application -RRB- but with the Fa , I would notice it would fail after four to six hours making me smell like a bowl of rotting citrus fruit . -LRB- I have been using Mitchum Roll-On Unscented for years and have never had a hint of failure in the usual 24-hours between showers -RRB- . I also did not care for the way in which this product seems to be over-pressureized , in that , when you spray it , you are quickly engulfed in a cloud of deodorant ; Relatively little product gets to and stays where it is supposed to . I tried increasing the application but with no better results . I wanted to like this product but unfortunately it was n't even marginally acceptable for me to continue use .
 I purchased this for my daughter because I loved the bath and bumper so much . However it was a joke . Completely worthless , it did absolutely nothing to support her when she started sitting on her own . I tossed my after about 2 uses . Your better off with the old fashioned plastic ring seats . Seriously do n't waste your money . I ca n't imagine how anybody could find this prodcut useful .
 I bought this for my son -LRB- 5mo . -RRB- He is just starting to sit on his own and I thought this looked liked a wonderful alternative to the hard plastic bath seats I have used for my other children . IT IS NOT !!! The seat looks great and seems wonderful until you get it in the tub . It does not stay afloat ! When my son tried to reach for a toy he went under . I had to use 2 hands to keep him upright . It has nothing in it for buoyancy . It seems to be just `` fluff '' and therefore when you put any weight or pressure on the side of it , it is submerged . I guess in the picture it shows a person holding on to the arm of the infant , that is an understatement ! If your baby moves at all , he goes under . Too bad , I think the idea is wonderful , but the product needs serious improvement . I returned it immediately .
 oh wow , this is a piece of junk !! I didnt buy it from Amazon , but I wanted to write a review about how strongly I hate this product ! I bought it to use for my almost 5mo daughter , because we stupidly gave away her previous baby tub . HATE IT !! First of all , when we put her in , it was so slippery that she bonked her head on the side of the tub twice , even though I was holding onto her . The center is so huge that my toddler could easily sit in it , WAY too big for a baby !! She screamed the whole time and we ended up letting her lay down on it -LRB- on her back -RRB- because she would not sit even with help . After my husband pulled her out , I continued the bath with my toddler and tried to pull the darn ring out . It soaked up SOOOOOOO much water , it was just insane ! I wrung it and wrung it , but there was always more water . It was much too heavy to attach to my suction hooks , so I had to hang it from the curtain rod , periodically wringing it out into the tub as it dripped . Of course I ended up soaked , and I had to put another towel underneath the ring to catch all the dripping water - which means , more laundry for me ! With two kids under the age of 2 , I certainly dont need more laundry !! So , in conclusion , this thing is a piece of junk and I will be RUNNING back to the store tomorrow for my full refund !!!
 This is my first amazon review b/c I feel this is such junk I had to review it and epinions didnt have it listed . Usually I can find something to do with a junky product , but this is so junky I ca n't do anything with it , I might as well have just washed the money down the drain . The fabric is rough , too rough for a new baby , the hole is too big for a tiny baby to lay atop it well but a bigger baby laying on it even on the bottom of the tub as intended is unstable . As a seat it immediately fills up with water if you even touch it , once filled it sinks . How can it support a baby if baby ca n't touch it or it sinks . You have to ring it out in order to use the plastic hanger it comes with b/c it absorbs so much water it is way to heavy for the convenient hanger , the hanger ends up bending so much the thing slips off or it looks like it is going to break . Not easy to do with baby in hand so you have to leave it sitting in the tub while you get baby out and get a chance to go back later . I have 4 kids and have tried a lot of tubs , seats and supports for the tub , some I disliked but none even come close to the uselessness of this
 I would recommend a seat that clamps to the side of the tub over this if your baby moves at all ! This seemed like a good idea , but my little guy was kicking and moving all over . It barely floats and sucks up water so it is extremely heavy to lift up and hang to dry when you are done with the bath . It also says that it is for 0 months on up , but I definitely would n't use this if your baby ca n't sit .
 I 've never written a negative review ... if I could give this zero stars I would . First of all , it sinks the instant you put it in the tub ... like all the way to the bottom of the tub . The tag says to ring it out if it sinks ... hmmm ... how do you do that when your kid is in it ? Second of all , it weighs about 100 lbs when you take it out of the tub . I swear ... this is the worst baby product I 've ever owned -LRB- and I 've owned a LOT -RRB- ... My 6mo son sits up great on his own , was slipping and sliding around in this , falling backwards , I had to hold him the entire time with both hands ... pathetic . Do n't waste your money . Tomorrow we will be going out to get the traditional plastic bath seat ... good grief .
 I have twins and I used this once . Thank God my mom was visiting , because we had to hold and watch each baby very close . Babies are 5 months and this pillow is not giving any support , seat is huge and it sinks . You cant even take it out of tub when is wet because is soooo heavy !!! worst item ever !!!!!
 I agree this is a waste of money ! It does not float like package says . It sinks immedietly . I do n't see that it would work well with a sitting baby . It worked ok for in infant , just lay across like you would a boppy pillow , but it is heavy when wet and takes at least 24 hours to drip dry . I am returning mine to the store , as soon as it does dry . Seems like an inflatable pool ring would serve the same purpose , work better , not sink , be easy to clean and no need to dry . I 'm gon na give this a try !
 I trust Listerine and supposed that this product would also be a reliable oral antiseptic . I was wrong . It is not antiseptic , according to the label ! - the same label that is not displayed in this website page . Furthermore it foams up in a most alarming manner . I have dumped the rest of the bottle down the drain . Ick . What a disappointment . I gave it one star because it is a mint flavored liquid .
 Moom Hair Removal Kit with Tea Tree did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ! Do not waste your money or your time on this product . I carefully read the directions and exactly followed them , and tried again on 3 separate occasions . I do n't think it even removed one hair . I ca n't imagine how there are any reviewers who this actually works for . This product did smell good and was not at all irritating to my skin , but it does nothing for its intended purpose . Shave , wax or save up your money for laser treatments , but do n't spend it here !
 I 've now had this product for six months , and used it about six times on my eyebrows . Each time there are a good amount of hairs left over that I have to pluck . I follow the instructions to a ` t ' , and have tried every which way to get it to work -LRB- leaving the strip on longer , using more , using less , re-doing it , rubbing the strip harder , softer , etc. , -RRB- and it DOES get rid of some hair , but definitely not all of them . The results also do n't last long - two weeks max and they 're all grown back . Maybe it 's b/c I have fine hair , but I 'm hugely disappointed . It 's also kinda messy to apply -LRB- ` strings ' everywhere -RRB- , but cleanup is easy enough .
 This is not a wax but rather a sugar-based product . It just does NOT work -- on the legs one would have to do the same spot over and over again to see any good results ; and for eyebrows - simply useless
 i thought i was using it wrong ... so i made my sister let me try it on her ... worked fine !! i guess it doesnt work on thicker hair .
 The good reviews are all fake . I 've used it 5 times on different areas and it only takes off a few hairs . Only positive is it does n't hurt too much .
 I was pretty excited to try this product . Like most people , I get sick of shaving pretty quickly and decided to use this as an alternative to straight up waxing , which I have had bad experiences with.To get this out of the way , regardless of the reviews I read , I was expecting it to be messy , to hurt , and to not do the entire job . However I expected a heck of a lot more than what I actually got.I followed the instructions to a T. First off , heating it only ten seconds did not do a thing to it , it was a terrible mess . When heated up for about 30 seconds it got to a workable consistency . I tried it on my face , stomach , and bikini area just like the directions said by applying a very thin layer , rubbing over the strip , then pulling . I found it worked a little bit better if I waited for about a minute before removing the strip.It got none of the fuzz on my face , which I was n't too surprised about because they are pretty fine . Next I tried my bikini area . It hurt like hell . It pulled out maybe half of the hairs , some other hairs simply snapped , and it left a massive mess and I was even bleeding . Not to mention my skin got extremely red and the next day I had red spots everywhere the hair did come out and the area was painful to the touch . Finally I decided to give it another try on my stomach , an area with hairs easier to pick up than my face but less sensitive than my bikini area . The same thing happened . This time it got maybe 1/4 of the hair and left me messy and bleeding . I can only even tell that I used the stuff because where I used it is all red.I will admit that I have sensitive skin . It 's too sensitive to use products like Nair . However this stuff was equally as bad . The pain and mess were certainly not worth the few hairs that it managed to pull out .
 Did n't work for me . Customer service is HORRIBLE and does not write back !!! Product is messy . There are n't enough supplies to go with it . Unless you are a PRO . DO NOT BUY . Even for the customer service alone I would not suggest it . .
 With much saddness I must say that this product did not work . Unfortunatley I contactedAmazon a day past the return allowance . I would not purchase this or tell a friend about this product , I would let them know that like most `` as seen on tv '' products they are not worth the money : -LRB-
 Do not buy ... It does not work AT ALL ! I have been in the beauty industry for a LONG time and have tried several types of waxing . Thought it would work as well as NADS , was completely wrong . Does n't even take off the fine hairs !!! VERY UNHAPPY !!!!
 I bought this item after reading others reports who had tried it . I had been hoping to use it as an alternative to shaving . They recommended first doing it with a certain length so I let my hair grow which was n't easy . Once I started using it , I was very displeased . It does n't heat well at all and was very difficult to use/apply . It did remove some of the hair but left areas where it did n't . It hurt and was uncomfortable . I stopped using it after the first time .
 but it 's probably because I 'm not using it right or something . I tried on my facial hair and the honey is messy . DO NOT HEAT this in the microwave over 10 seconds . I tried it for 15 minutes and the honey was so hot that I nearly burned myself.When I used it on my face , it took some of the fine hair off but not the really corsed ones.I 'll try it again later and get back to you .
 I understand why some ladies can love this , its WAY cleaner , and less irritating , then regular waxing , plus you can wash the muslin strips afterward instead of throwing them away . Honestly it doesnt work the way I want it to , there is pain of course , and the pain does not condone the results ... which is not satisfactory to me . I feel as though the only parts Ill be able to use this is on my upper thigh -LRB- except where theres spider veins , they say it on there for a reason , definetly didnt follow direction spider veins more prominent now -RRB- my arms ... and areas like belly button , toes , upper lip where hair is fine , WILL NOT be working with lower leg area -LRB- just cuts hair , instead of pulls -RRB- and definetly does not work at all for underarm . I am of hispanic decent , and will continue using Parissa Warm Wax instead , Im going to try Zip wax though , Parissa is messy and does irritate , but it gets the job done , just do it before bed time .
 I bought this product because of the good reviews and because it is natural.I opened the instructions and read them , and used the product exactly as directed . It takes like three applications to get the hair to come off and it doesnt do it thoroughly . It 's messy , sticky and it doesnt work very well.Save your money and buy a wax heater and wax , not this crap .
 I bought this item after reading others reports who had tried it . I had been hoping to use it as an alternative to shaving . They recommended first doing it with a certain length so I let my hair grow which was n't easy . Once I started using it , I was very displeased . It does n't heat well at all and was very difficult to use/apply . It did remove some of the hair but left areas where it did n't . It hurt and was uncomfortable . I stopped using it after the first time .
 This did not remove hair well at all for me . I 'm so disapointed ! I even purchased an electric warmer to go with it , thinking I was really going to love this method . I had been using an epilator on my legs and underarms so it 's not like my hair was stiff , and it is certainly not thick . I waited until the hair was long before I started using Moom but would have to apply and remove over the same area two to three times and still not remove every hair . What a shame.Toni
 It 's funny , because we all read the reviews and have to take the most popular statements and decide to go for the purchase or not.These reviews seem plausible , but truth be told I was able to get maybe 50 % of the hair after the second try . I followed all the instructions , and went to Mooms site and watched the video directions.If it does n't wax all the hair it does n't work !!! I tried my bikini , my lip hair , eye brows , no one area worked and all hair types were different . I have black hair and this should be a the perfect hair to grad with wax .
 I so wanted to love this product , but oh well , did n't happen . I 'm fairly familiar with most kinds of hair removal
 It 's so gosh darned frustrating when I order a product with great reviews ... and then it blows!I tried the product every which way
 I purchased this product with high hopes . I had tried this same type of product for unwanted facial hair before without success , but decided to give this one a try . Sadly , it does not remove the unwanted hair as advertised . It would remove the very fine hair but even with repeated uses , still did not remove the stubborn coarse hair which is always the most annoying to deal with . It is messy to work with , hard to apply , even when heated , does not spread smoothly and an all around a dud ! Do n't waste your hard earned cash !
 I tried this with high hopes that it would work for me and it did nothing but give me little red bumps on my chin and upper lip area . I had to heat it a just a bit because right out of the container it would n't spread at all , but heated just a bit it spread nicely . I followed the directions completely , a couple times , but it would n't remove the tiny hairs I have . I am not a hairy person so maybe thats the problem , you need coarser hair then what I have . Very disappointed .
 Product was sticky and fairly messy , It did n't apply smoothly because I do n't believe it was warm enough even though I followed the directions precisely . It ultimately removed about half the hairs , at best . Even upon repeated application I could not get all of the hairs as I normally would with regular wax . Pretty disappointed with the product ... wo n't be repurchasing Moom again .
 i read plenty reviews , and with confidence finally purchased.i couldnt get it to pull up any hair ... soi let a licensed cosmetologist do it , thinking i was probably doing it wrong . . and even she couldnt get it to pull up hair.waste of my money .
 I followed the instructions exactly and it did not work at all . It was just sticky and was left on my skin . It took a long time to get it off and I had to scrub really hard . I do not recommend this product .
 Does n't pick up any hair . The substance is weird , dry fast but not really sticky . Do n't waste your money : -LRB-
 I followed all the instructions and it just did n't really do anything . I pulled the strip off and almost no hair was removed .
 Moom is a great product , have used it for years and love it . My issue is with the large fabric strips in the kit I received from Vitacost . Normally the fabric for the large and small strips is of a lightweight muslin ; however , in the kit I received , the large strips are of a heavier weight muslin . When I used them , I had considerable bruising which I 've never had with the lightweight strips . I spoke with the Moom company directly and they said that they still use the same fabric for both the large and small strips . To verify this , they also suggested I check out some of their kits at a local retail store . I did and found that to be true . Vitacost claims they do n't know how this could be . Unfortunately , I did n't discover this problem while it was still within the guarantee time frame so I have no recourse .
 I hated this stuff . It was very hard to work w / . The stuff was a mess and did n't want to spread . The strips they provide are so small , it would take 100 of them to wax 1 leg . Also my hair is very course and it simply did n't work.I threw the jar out after the first attempt . Maybe the wax was old or something , but I would n't try it again .
 I purchased this product hoping to switch to a less messy product . The hair on my calves is more course than the hair on my thighs , which is a problem for using this product . I used nearly every strip in the box trying to remove hair from my calves , and it removed a total of 12 hairs !! Works great on my thighs , however that is not worth the cost of this product . It does rinse completely away with soap and water and so do the strips as promised . If you have course hair , especially if you are a woman of color , this is n't for you . Sadly I will be going back to standard wax . : - -LRB-
 I tried this after reading so many great reviews , however my experience was anything but great . I should have known it was going to be bad when I could n't get the seal off because it had stuck to the sugar . when I heated it up , it constantly went on way too thick and cooled faster than I could even spread it around . When I put the strips on , they never took all the moom or all the hair off . And it hurt like hell . My skin was raw , red , bumpy , and irritated . It also took over an hour , and the majority of the jar , to do one lower leg because I kept on having to stop and reheat it in the microwave . I could only do half of the other lower leg with what was left in the jar . This was horrible and I know now that I should n't trust all the good reviews I read on here .
 This wax does n't have a good grip of the hair . I have to use it on the same area multiple times to get rid of the hair , and my hair is not even thick . The only thing that I like about this product is the cloth that comes with it which I use it for another wax . The wax itself was not a really good one , and it gets cool down easily . When I use the other wax , I do n't need to reheat it but I have to do it a few times .
 I followed the instructions and did not work , do not waste your money really bad product . I tried to use twice but did not work .
 I followed the instructions exactly how the package told me to and this product did not work well at all . I tried a few different times , but I still was n't happy with the results . It was painful and did n't even remove all of the hair from the few spots I tested on my legs . I also sent the company an E-mail reqesting to return it and they never wrote me back . I will never order from this company again .
 This stuff is really difficult to use and literally did not remove one hair from my face . Waste of money .
 This product did not get all the hair as I expected . I would n't buy this product again . Now it is just sitting on my shelf . What a waste .
 I will never buy this product again . What a terrible experience ! I was careful to follow directions specifically ; however , this product caused hair breakage -LRB- instead of pulling out by the root -RRB- and the absolute WORST case of ingrown hairs/red bumps I have ever experienced !
 I do n't even have course hair and this product will leave hairs behind after you wax an area - a lot of hair . Just go and buy the wax , do n't bother with this sugaring product . I think the postiive reviews are fake , this is not a good product . I 'd return it but since I opened it and used it , I ca n't .
 I did n't find this to really work well at all . I tried it on my legs -LRB- after I let my hair grow out for 2 weeks like it said to do -RRB- but only removed some of the hair and not very much of it . Its worked better on my eye brows I did n't turn as red as i do with wax and I did n't brake out as much . I 'll just stick to wax for my legs , it may hurt a little more but at least it works .
 i was exsited to get this in the mail . i tryed it out it warmed it up and when it got to the right thickness . i tryed it on my arm and it burned me . so i waited a few minutes for it to cool it be came goopy and still burned me . after trying it many times in different spots all same results just a burn . but my husband wanted to see what it would feel like so we tested his arm and it work well i was shock since the other reviews said thick corce hair was what it didnt work one and it did work on my hairs . after he said try a spot on his leg it is way thicker so i did it worked again . so it works for males but not on me .
 Being a first time waxer , I was down to try this . After reading all of the great reviews , I had no reason not to buy it ! I even went and bought extra strips , extra sticks , and a wax warmer . When it finally came time to test the product out , I was shock on how bad it sucked . Even after letting the wax and the strip set for a minute for it to adhesive , when I ripped it off only the wax came off ! The hair stayed ! I would n't recommend getting this when there is better products out there . .
 Seeing all the great reviews , I decided to purchase this item . As instructed , I heated in 10 second intervals . Product refused to heat up . After 40 seconds , it was suddenly too hot . It did not take all the hairs in area applied and took several times to get it completely hair free . Only lasted two weeks and then I noticed some ingrown hairs . Definitely would not purchase again .
 I ordered thinking it was going to be great because all the reviews seemed real and honest and made it sound like it really worked . But it did n't work at all . It barely took the hair off the legs . It left my lip itchy and red and barely took any hair off . The prodcut was horrible . Thank god I got a refund . This crap is going in the trash !!
 Maybe I did n't use it right , but I tried every way possible . A whopping 3 hairs came out from my eyebrows and maybe 2 from my boyfriend 's chest . Sad day .
 I tried to use this several times , same results - NONE . I did everything the instructions said and just ended up with a mess of wax on myself . Would not recommend .
 I 'm glad to see this product has worked well for many other users , but unfortunately , I 'm in the minority with it not.I must 've been feeling brave and started out on my bikini area . I followed directions precisely -LRB- hair length , etc. . . -RRB- , but the goo still went on a little too thick . Quickly yanking the fabric strip off was not an option ... it just sort of pulled like one of those sticky mouse traps . Meanwhile , I was getting sticky stuff everywhere.I thought maybe it would at least be okay for my legs . And maybe it would ... I do n't know . It worked okay for the few longer hairs I had ; admittedly , my leg hair was not 1/2 '' -LRB- thank God ... -RRB- but it was just sort of messy to use and cooled down too quickly . It was pretty much painless on the leg area , and I think if one were patient enough to let their hair grow to a longer length , it would be alright ... hence the 2-stars instead of one.Overall , it 's not for me . Too messy , needs to be reheated too soon , and was hard to spread . Could be operator error ... not saying it 's not . But I 'll stick to shaving for now .
 I assumed by other reviews that this would probably work for me . I ordered it and studied how to use it properly . After doing everything according to direction several times , I only ended up with a really red patch of skin with less than a third of the hair pulled out . It just does not grip thick dark hairs . Perhaps it works if you have very light thin hairs , but if yours are coarse or dark DO NOT buy this . It hurt a lot and was ineffective .
 Doesnt work really well but helps with hair removal . Probably would be easier to use if you are not using by yourself
 I wanted it to work . I love natural products but this one just did n't do anything for me . Tons of hair leftover and did n't even try it on bikini area . I think I must be snestive to something in it -LRB- tea tree too ? -RRB- because it left my legs itchy and red and really irritated . Its worth a try if your hair is fine maybe and your skin is n't sensitive . That 's not me though .
 Pros : Easy to clean upDoes n't hurt muchCons : Does n't remove fine hairsTakes me multiple tries to remove anything at allHair grows back quicklyIt 's just not that great . I know some people have mentioned that it just depends on how you apply it ... but if it 's this difficult for SO many people to do it , then I do n't think it 's a good product . The slight mess/pain I saved with Moom was just not worth it ... going back to waxing kits !
 Although it was very fast shipping . . I hated this product . It didnt hurt like at all , but it was super messy , I ran out of strips on my legs because it just wouldnt pull the hair out , -LRB- I even used both sides of each strip -RRB- . I eventually gave up and used my eyebrow plucker to make them even -LRB- Yes this took awhile -RRB- .
 I used it like the directions said , but it did n't work . Not one hair removed ! It was terrible . All the pain , none of the gain . Also , ca n't be returned . Do n't buy .
 I Followed the directions and the product does not work . Do not waste your money , you are unable to return .
 I was reading the reviews -LRB- only the first couple of pages -RRB- thinking that this would be good , so i ordered it , As soon as i got i was happy thinking it would work . As soon as i heated it and start putting on my legs it was so messy and sticky . It didnt come with good instructions either so i didnt know how long to keep it on or what , cause im a first time waxer i had no idea . I didnt get the wax off the first time with the strip so i had to keep doing it and at times it was painful . The wax does not come off easily either , it was literally stuck on my leg , i had to keep washing it off maybe i did not do it right but it would have been more helpful with detailed instructions for people who have never used before . never again will i use this product . The only reason i gave it a 2 was because it was fast shipping
 Not work for me , very mess , cant remove hair , it took me like more than 30 mins just for a little part !! will not buy it again ! not recommand ... the feedbacks arent true !
 I do n't think this is a bad product , but my hair is just too think for this wax to work and it had no affect removing my facial hair which was my biggest concern .
 I was super excited to recieve this in the mail because I had read so many rave reviews . Unfortunately this product did n't work on me at all . It barely removed any hairs , probably only 5 % of them . I followed directions very closely but I still have hairy legs . It was easy to clean up and easy to clean the cloths strips that it came with but this product failed in removing hair , which is it 's main purpose ! : -LSB-
 This hurt and it simply did not remove my hair . I would rip , and it would hurt and I would look at the strip and there would be two or three hairs on it . I followed the directions to a tee , and even used the video demonstration on their website . It did clean up well and at the price I am not angry I just would n't buy again , because I do n't need pain without gain .
 I bought this to get rid of my chin hairs that drive me crazy . Did not remove any hair , back to the drawing board .
 Product does not work . You have to hair at least a quarter inch in length , according to their directions for it to properly work . Ladies are not going to let their chin hair grow to that length in order to use this product . It certainly does not work with hair less than 1/4 inch . It is similar to waxing anyway .
 Had high hopes from this product after looking at the reviews . Verdict - fail ! Does absolutely nothing to pull out those hairs , after being applied exactly as per directions . Forget the thicker hair on the legs , this product did not yank out even the think sparse hair on my arms . Absolutely not recommended !
 Stick to real wax and skip the &#34; all natural &#34; marketing hype . In order to spread this sugar -LRB- thats all it is -RRB- , it must be sufficiently hot , but of course that ends up burning your skin . If its not hot enough the applicator just pulls on your hairs -LRB- like a bandaid on a hairy area -RRB- , so either way youre out of luck.After burning myself , having hairs ripped instead of pulled out , and patches of clear areas , I gave up on this product and threw it in the trash . Save yourself the trouble and get the real stuff . Im totally unsatisfied with this product but unfortunately cant get my money back .
 I 'm used to waxing . Have used wax , sugar based products , the whole spectrum , this really does n't attach well at all , and you have to do each area 2-3 times before you get the desired results , which means more time , and slightly raw skin.I switched to Nair 's milk & honey rollon , which is also water soluble , much better results !
 I do n't know for other people but this product was really harsh on my skin . I tried it after carefully following the instructions . It hurt so much that I even bled a bit . This was awful for me , and If I wish to continue with this product somebody else might have to do it for me . I will not buy this product again ... I 'd rather shave every other day : -LRB- I gave it two stars because it actually removes all the hair -LRB- of course , if you are bad enough to yourself and pull it out quickly -RRB- .
 When you look through the reviews all you see are the five star reviews on top - but it 's the one and two star reviews that are actually helpful and TRUE . This `` waxing '' kit is cute , but it 's LIQUID AT ROOM TEMPERATURE . It 's not watery liquid but it 's liquid enough that when you apply it to your skin and place the cloth over it , the two things do n't adhere to each other . Not to mention , unless you 're a corpse your skin is warm and this thing is made mainly of sugar which liquefies even more on warm skin ! At first I thought I just was n't following the directions , but I read it , reread it , re-applied the wax over and over again , but this item is totally trash . How they have so many positive reviews I ca n't imagine , but it would n't be difficult to fake them . What a waste of ten dollars - such a scam .
 First attempt
 I have used original Moom Wax in the past , which worked perfectly . I purchased the tea tree formula hoping it would work just as well . This wax barely removes any hair ! The muslin strips just remove the wax from skin .
 I have waxed quite a bit before . I have gotten it professionally done but I mostly do it myself . This was the most ineffective kind of wax I 've used . I tried it on my legs and it only pulled out a few hairs . I am Asian so I do n't really have that much body hair to remove and the hairs that I do have are extremely fine . Perhaps if you have thicker hair , it will work . If you have Asian or fine hair , you will most likely have the same results that I did .
 It seriously took me 15 strips to get 1/2 the hair off of my chin . And it 's not because I have a ton of hair either . I waited as long as I could as the packaging suggests but let 's face it-your not going to wait 2 weeks for full growth before doing this . I have very blonde very fine hairs and it just could n't grasp them in the wax . For every 10 strips I did 3 would get some hair . Now it did work slightly better on my eyebrows which did have more than two weeks time to grow in . But again , for using 5 strips on each 3 pulled hair . This review is written on my first use . Will try again and update if it gets better . The positive is that it does come off your skin very nice ... just no hair in it !
 I followed the directions exactly and even though it removed some hairs it left A LOT and my eyebrows still look un-waxed . I am very unhappy with the results of this product .
 I have had some experience doing my own waxing at home , so i wanted to try something new , well ... i followed al the instructions and it just removed like 5 % of my total hair !! it did n't work ... i tried several times and it just did n't remove any hair !!! and watch out if you heat it too long , it might just burn your skin ! literaly ! i got a burn on my leg for over 2 weeks ! save your money !!
 I am pretty experienced with all types of hair removal , especially waxing . This product is extremely inefficient , in fact , it did n't work at all for me . Not sticky at all
 Maybe because I am fairly new at all of this but it was really hard to get at the right temp and keep it warm so you can actually do a leg . Sometimes it worked sometimes it go barely any hair . And I did read the instructions word for word . Not worth the money and hassel . Loved the fact that it is natural just wish it actually worked . Disappointment .
 I have no idea how this item has such great reviews . I trusted the reviews and tried the product . Since it was my first time using an at home wax -LRB- or waxing at all -RRB- , I thought my first failure may have been my fault . So the following week I decided to try it again now that I had a bit more experience under my belt . This wax did not pick up anything ! I tried it everywhere , bikini , legs , armpits . My hairs are very soft and thin . They are not thick , so I am not sure if this would work for someone with thick body hairs , but it definitely did not work for me . After multiple attempts , my skin was left red , raw and irritated , and yes , still hairy !
 My skin broke out really horribly , as a result of using this product . I still have bumps . When I emailed Moom Customer Service , they did not respond . In fact , it 's been more than a week since I contacted them , and I 'm yet to hear from them.The skin problem aside , the product is very messy . It feels like honey , which , as you know , is sticky . And finally , this not does not remove all hair . Even with repeated use , some hair remains , which is very frustrating and annoying.Will not use again.update
 I had so much faith in this product - I used the entire starter kit , determined to make this work . Here 's my final evaluation
 I wanted to love this stuff . It sounds wonderful ! Less mess and gentler on the skin ! But none of that matters if it does not actually remove all the hair . I followed the directions exactly . -LRB- No , really , I did ! -RRB- I thought I might get better with practice . I tried over and over again for months . And still , it leaves behind 25 % -50 % of the hair on my upper lip . My hair might be slightly more tenacious than average , but not THAT much worse . The people giving this stuff rave reviews either have the wimpiest hair on the planet , or they 're paid to post fake reviews . I 'm asking for my money back .
 Products react differently to people , so maybe my body chemistry just did n't agree with this product , but I tried several times to use the product on my legs , but maybe the hair is just to coarse for the product to handle but at any rate it did n't work for me .
 I have tried this afew times and followed the directions . I made sure to do everything the package said and it did not take off hardly any hair . I tried it on my face , neck , bikini area , and legs . It worked ok on my face and my legs . It took some hair off my legs but only light hairs on my face but did not take hair off anywhere else . I will try again on my legs one day when I have more time . The only plus for this product is it did not bother my skin so I will try again .
 I got this product because I am a sucker for organic products . I was very excited to use it but then the first time I put the wax in the microwave for the amount of time on the directions and the wax burned me . That would n't have been much of a problem since you can just put the wax in for less time . However the wax itseld was very sticky and messy and the strips did not work very well . Also it 's kind of nasty to wash the strips each time because you 're supposed to soak them in water and all the water and wax comes off . I prefer the strips that already have wax on them , they are much easier to use and way more effective !
 As the title says I was very excited to try this product , and really wanted to love it . An organic hair removal product with reusable applicators is right up my crunchy granola alley ! Unfortunately the product just does n't work all that well for me . I 've tried it unheated , slightly heated , and warm . I 've tried it thin , thick , and everywhere in between . I followed all the directions from the package and all the miscellaneous suggestions from other reviewers and nothing I do works . The product works reasonably well for thick hair , but for the thin hairs around my eyebrows and upper lip it does n't do anything at all . I 've been waxing for years so I highly doubt its my technique , the was just wo n't grab onto those hairs . Unfortunate , because this seemed like such a great product.I do n't love my Parissa stripsParissa Quick And Easy Wax Strips Face and Bikini 16 Strip -LRB- s -RRB- , they 're much more painful and wasteful , but they work . So I 'm unfortunately going to have to continue using those for my face .
 I bought this thinking it would be very similar to wax , removing the hair with not too terribly much pain . When I tried it out it had the complete opposite effect , this does not remove the hair very well and is VERY PAINFUL . Yes , this product is natural , but its no fun to bleed copious amounts every time you wax .
 the product did n't work waste of my money . wish i had saved the money instead of spending it on this .
 I followed the instructions to the letter , and while it was undeniably easier to clean up , when I pulled off the strip I found a strip full of moom , and all the hair still on my skin.I tried this multiple times with thinner applications of Moom , and different/smaller areas of skin . No luck . This went in the garbage .
 This sounded to good to be true . it is extremely difficult to use alone , m effectively . Unless you have someone you really want to see your most intimate parts , and that , for me is not going to happen . . somethings are better left unshown.A PROFESSIONAL WAXER DOES A MUCH MORE THOROUGH JOB AND WITHOUT THE INCREDIBLY MESSY AND INCONSISTENT EFFECTS.Due to a very understandable no return policy on Amazon for this product , I went to Moom itself to get info on shipping it back . The costs for me to absorb for shipping and offering only a fraction of what I paid to do so , meant I would literally take a LOSS financially.Amazon is amazing - truly . But from my standpoint , Moom -LRB- and likely many other home waxing kits are simply not worth the time , mess , and poor results -- beware -- you lose $ $ $ when trying this at home .
 Unfortunately , when I ingested this product it caused me a headache and stomach upset each time that I took it ; bummer 8 - -LRB-
 GR8 probiotic agreed with me with me until I came down with IBS/lactose intolerance , after taking antibiotics . Grrr!Now GR8 causes BAD gas , and diarrhea ! - It 's FOS , inulin , dairy , are BAD for my IBS ... ! Found a GOOD inexpensive probiotic ! - I switched to PB 8 Probiotic for Life `` Vegetarian '' caps/14 million daily ! - No FOS , inulin , soy -LRB- hormones ... ! -RRB- , or dairy.PB 8 120 vcapsPer Many Health websites for my IBS ... / Really settles stomach/lose weight too ! - I also started sipping 2tbs of `` organic unprocessed '' Apple Cider Vinegar with a big glass of water 3x daily -LRB- + Stevia helps cover taste/no sugar -RRB- . I also sip it -LRB- do n't chug -RRB- `` deep '' in mouth through a straw , for teeth health ... ! Per mfg - I also swish/rinse my teeth thoroughly with water after using .
 I 've tried about five different dental flosses and this was one of the worst.Tended to cut into my fingers and fray on my teeth .
 This particular product shreds and sticks in my teeth . Just two or three strokes through my teeth and the string has shredded into strands and is sticking . Pulling it out takes more effort and leaves strands behind . Nothing unusual about my teeth which are in good shape . At some point , there was an apparent change in the construction of this floss brand
 Lipovrain - Not good at all ! Back to my Hoodoba - working great and always as expected .
 i was extremely frustrated with this product . i had maintained my weight for months and just wanted to lose 10 more . i started on this product and actually gained !!! the only reason i tried it is becasue it said it was 100 % guaranteed and so i sent it back and they only reimbursed me 75 % . what a scam !!!
 I felt no different when I took this supplement - not even a caffeine buzz . Save your money - this is way too expensive to not work .
 I did n't see any difference at all . It made me sick . It is a waste of money . I saw some difference only with diet and exercise . Spend your money on healthy food not pils
 I ordered a bottle of Lipovarin from the site and when i got it i took the recommended amount . Shortly , i felt i kick of energy and thought this was going to work well . A couple hours later i started to feel like i could n't concentrate and felt weird . I thought it was just the caffiene . then i took it again about 6 hours later before i ate dinner . Again , it kicked in quickly then i went to eat and felt like throwing up and just figured it was heartburn . later , i felt dizzy and confused trying to get a task done on my computer . I felt lightheaded and dazed . I thought maybe i 'd feel better if i got up and did some push ups but that only made me feel like throwing up and passing out.i cant blame it on the caffiene because i take Stackers w / ephedra often and never feel like this . I am going to send it back tommorow . Overall , i would not buy this product if i were you . Do research on something before you buy it . I only read positve feedback before taking it . i 've taken Thermadrol and had weightloss and recommend that over Lipovarin any day , in fact im gon na buy Thermadrol again because it helped me lose 15lbs . Well , good luck on anyone still willing to try Lipovarin .
 Lipovarin made me sick to my stomach and i vomited so bad for over 3 days ! STAY AWAY FROM LIPOVARIN as it will make you deathly ill ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 What a ripe off . Be ware of this seller !!! I would buy the same product from other place . If the product is so good as most of the reviews indicated , why charged administrative fee for returned products .
 I agree with all of the REAL reviewers . This product does not work . The pills make you feel nauseated -LRB- sp ? -RRB- all day , which then you have to keep eating , so you can minimize the sickness . I guess when you feel nauseated , you do n't necessarily eat . Therefore , the need to vomit will keep you from eating.If you read some of the 5 STAR reviews , you 'll notice that there are also 5 STAR reviews for other pills from the same company . How un-slick was that ? Not only that , all their reviews were posted on the same day . Just look at their reviews , '' ... . Thanks Lipovarin , you 're the best ... '' . Who the he * l writes a comment like that ? If you like the product , you make the necessary comments . No one speaks to the product as if it were a person.Please , please , please save your money . I too read the bad review from the REAL people , but still shelled out my $ 60 + . Just get a membership to a fitness club , or go on weight watchers . Check out consumerreports.org , and they 'll tell you the best ways to loose weight . # 1 - Weight Watchers , # 2 - The Zone , # 3 - Slim Fast.As we all know , there are no miracle drugs to lose weight .
 My wife and I both and our next door neighbors tried this `` USELESS '' product for a month . My wife and I and our neighbors DID NOT LOOSE A SINGLE POUND !!! The manufacturers know that it 's a bogus product ... and they make their money on it by charging you a 25 % Restocking Fee on THE TOTAL COST ... that amounts to $ 17.50 !!! + Return by certified Mail Return Return . . + their Original Shipping & Handling . All that money spent for absolutely nothing . - BEWARE of the previous posts that claim that it 's a great product ... THEY LIE !! The Manufacturer need to be reported to the Better Business Bureau and the State Attorney General for scamming people and becoming rich dishonestly . `` DO NOT BUY THIS USELESS PRODUCT '' ... IT 'S A SCAM !!! I repeat `` DO NOT BUY THIS USELESS PRODUCT '' ... IT 'S A SCAM !!!
 this is the second review i write about these pills ! i am took these pills and i felt so sick !! almost to the point of thinking i was having a heart attack !! they made me so sick i had to go to the doctor i will never take this again !! please dont buy these pills !
 Hello To Everyone , I was looking at this product as well as the other products that it comes with as a set . I went online and did some research and please beware Lipovarin has not been adequately studied in clinical trials . SO please be careful of other drug interactions and people with current medical conditions.This was a HUGE concern of mine and being that I have Seizures , Migraines , Anxiety and Insomnia NOW due to an Illegal Immigrant Drinking and Driving -LRB- New Years Eve 01 New Days Morn 02 -RRB- I was the DD `` Designated Driver '' he had a Suspended license NO Insurance NO Registration he hits me causing me to have back injuries broken bones and a Head Injury Lost two friends that night . One other survived with me.Anyways , to continue on , I did not want to have any bad side effects ... This site does not give ANY INFO on this product and the interactions it can causes to people with certain medical conditions , that could be become life threaten , if not land someone in the hospital . This was VERY concerning to me !!! So I went above and beyond the Call of Duty and research this medication on my own . Please Note this product `` CAN CAUSE '' people to have the follow side effect NOT it will , it CAN ... -LRB- There is a difference between the two -RRB- ... -LRB- Synephrine has been found to be similar to ephedrine . The latter is a stimulant obtained from the herb , ephedra . Ephedra has been banned by the FDA . It is associated with serious health problems like seizure , stroke and heart attack . The discussed drug is thought to have similar side effects . -RRB- So with all of this stated . IF YOU ALL READY HAVE/HAD ONE OF THESE MEDICAL CONDITIONS DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG `` IT WILL '' CAUSE WORSE SIDE EFFECTS AND IF YOU TAKE ANY MEDICATIONS FOR YOUR CURRENT CONDITIONS IT WILL INTERFERE . SO JUST HEED EXTREME CAUTION IF YOU ARE GOING TO USE THIS AND YOU HAVE ANY OF THE FOLLOW SYMPTOMS ABOVE OR BELOW : Gastrointestinal Problems - or being treated forNervousness - or being treated forAnxiety - or being treated forInsomnia - or being treated forSeizure - or being treated forMigraines - or being treated forStroke - have had in the pastMyocardial Infarction or Heart Attack - have had in the pastThank you and please all stay happy and Safe this New Year , Lady WolfRESEARCH SITES :[ ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I wanted this to work . Really , I did . Initially , it curbed my appetite , but upon completion , I ended up gaining the 6 pounds I 'd lost plus 3 more .
 I guess I have to face it - Metabolife is gone ! It worked , this does not . I started with 2 pills , then 3 , added Hoodia , then 4 pills ; still nothing ! Thank goodness I had a gift certificate and did not spend my own money ! I 'm through wasting money on diet pills ! -LRB- Have n't I heard that before ? -RRB-
 These are bunk pills . If you really want to lose weight go to a doctor or weight loss clinic and get a script for Adipex . Those will help you lose weight , but you have to count calories and exercise to get the full effect . That will be easy because Adipex or its generic version , Phentermine , will give you tons of energy and cut your appetite . That 's how I lost all the extra weight after my first baby and that is what I am going to do to lose all the extra weight from my second pregnancy . Good luck !
 Tried this -- you need to have a secretary to tell you when to take what !!! next to impossible to do it correctly , but I did it by the book for 3 weeks and i think i lost a pound ! Decided 1 lb wasnt worth the work or cost of this program !
 These pills gave me the same results as many other -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- fat-burning pills out there . Lipo-6 is waaay cheaper and gives the same effects .
 I have been using this for the past 2 1/2 weeks and have gained 3 pounds ! What a rip-off . I had such high hopes for this . I 'd used ephedra a couple of years ago with fantastic results and hoped this would have a similar impact . Save your money if you are looking for ephedra-like results . This will NOT give them to you .
 I bought this product based on all of the positive reviews I had been reading and the money back guarantee . This product did absolutely NOTHING for me/to me . I do watch my portions and I do exercise . To make matters worse , when I decided to return it , I realized I needed a return authorization number from them or they would not even accept the product . When I went to ask for the number , nobody would return my messages . Soon , after contacting Amazon for help -LRB- thanks AMAZON ! -RRB- , they sent an email with a number and instructions . I also received a NASTY phone message the very same day from them , though ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME/MONEY WITH THESE PEOPLE !!!! Do n't forget , on top of all of this , you only receive a partial refund .
 Product did n't work for me nor my wife . Watch out if you want to return it . It 'll cost you 25 % `` administrative fee '' . What a bunch of garbage !! If the product really worked they would n't charge this `` administrative fee '' .
 I AM SO DISAPPOINTED AND ANGRY WITH MYSELF !!! I should have known better . I was warned but I did n't listen . This PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK at all . Before buying it , I 've read all the reviews . I noticed that the farther down you go , the more negative the reviews on this product are . I realized now that the manufacturer of this useless product , his friends or employees , seeing all these bad reviews , started to place some positive reviews , to entice the unknowing consumers . I fell into the trap and lost $ 32.00 The persons who wrote that is was a scam were absolutely right . When I called `` All Web Nutrition '' to ask for a refund , I was told that I needed to write them a letter explaining why I was dissatisfied . I told the lady `` Because your Lipovarin is no good and does n't work '' She replied , `` That 's not a good enough reason . '' She gave me an authorization number and said I needed to return the empty bottle by UPS and they will also keep 25 % of the money I paid for this product.I asked why do I have to return an empty bottle and why are you charging me 25 % for restocking fee ? You can not restock an empty bottle and charge me for it ? She replied `` We are not responsible if the bottle get lost in the mail , so you must be able to show proof of return with a UPS tracking number . '' -LRB- She was basically telling me , that if I return the empty bottle by normal mail , they can claim that they never received it and refuse to refund me any money -RRB- . What about the 25 % adm. charge to restock an empty bottle ? She said that 's their business and company policy and there is nothing that I can do about it . '' How rude !! If `` All Web Nutrition '' were to advertised lipovarin on their web page by saying ... `` Try Lipovarin And ... If You Do n't Loose Any Weight ... It will Cost you $ 32.00 `` Would anyone try it ? ABSOLUTELY NOT !! But this is exactly what it cost me and what it will cost you if you try it . Learn from my mistake . $ 7.00 = UPS charge to have the bottle send to me $ 18.00 = their 25 % restocking fee ... -LRB- they only refund 75 % ... how dishonest !! -RRB- $ 7.00 = UPS charge to return the empty bottle to themTOTAL = $ 32.00 that is cost me and will cost you , ... to try their useless product.Do you understand now that it 's all a scam . It 's all false and hyped up advertisement . If you have any doubt whatsoever , please read the return policy ... well hidden under '' -LRB- Payment
 If you are reading this it 's because you are desperate to lose weight . I too was when I order these pills with hope that they would curb my appetite . I did read the other neutral/negative reviews about this product , but thought `` Maybe it will be better for me '' ... NOT ! I even took one more than was recommended , thinking maybe body size made a difference with absorbtion . Forget it , this stuff is like taking a placebo . There 's only one way to lose weight boys and girls , move more , eat less ! I swear this is the last time I use a drug for this problem . What a waste of money !
 I paid to much money for this product thinking it would work better than other products . It did not work very well , if at all . I lost 1.5 pounds in 1 months after running a few times a week and changing my diet.It looked good by the reviews but after purchasing the product and reading some of the new reviews , I think people or a person is putting fake reviews on this product.This is not worth the money .
 After using this product for 3 weeks , I have actually gained 3lbs . :-LRB- I even added more exercise to my daily activities . All I got from Lipovarin is a lighter wallet and sleeplessness .
 I purchased this item which promised all sorts of things including a promise to clear up my acne . Never happened . The only thing this product did was to give me a tremendous buzz from all the caffine in each dose . I only took two pills a day and that kept me buzzed all day . I stopped taking this product after a week and a half . If there was a way to get my money back , I would surely do it !
 I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY ONE.IT WILL GET YOUR MOTATIVE UP BY READING THE SUCCESS STORIES BUT IT 'S NOT WORTH IT.I ATE A WELL BALANCED MEALS AND EXCERCISE 5 DAYS A WEEK 45 MINS TO A HOUR IT INCLUDE VARIOUS EXCERCISE . I FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS ON THE BOTTLE AND INSTAED OF LOSING THE LAST 10 POUNDS I NEEDED TO I 'VE GAINED 3LBS . YOU WILL DO BETTER TO STICKING WITH A WELL BALANCED DIET AND EXCERCISE AT LEAST 3 TO 5 TIMES A WEEK 30 MINS , WITH CARDO AND WEIGHT LIFTING .
 This is a scam , do n't purchase this item . I bought this and did n't lose not even a pound . If you want to lose weight , you 'll have to do it the hard way - diet and exercise . Sorry !
 this product does not meet any of its claims ! it does not suppress appetite , even with stronger doses , and it does not provide energy . do n't waste your money !
 Fortunately I bought this garbage on Ebay and out bid some other poor sucker so I got it cheap ! Good thing too this product is just hype it does nothing and I mean nothing , so save your hard earned money . If you feel you must try it , do it on Ebay it 's less painful to your wallet !! Good luck you 'll need it !!!
 Ordered 4 bottles of Lipovarian 90 caps . Used the contents of 2 bottles as directed , did not lose weight . Product made me feel tired and also kind of mixed up -LRB- confused -RRB- . I would not purchase this product again and have thrown away the unused contents .
 I wanted a quick fix and this was n't it . I 've been taking the 6 pills a day for almost a month now and I have n't lost 1 lb . Do n't be fooled by some of these positive reviews , does someone pay people to write these ?? Unfortunately , I was fooled by them and I wasted $ 70 .
 I ca n't understand why in some websites this product is rated # 1 over thousands more for losing weight . The truth in my case is that it did n't work , it did n't do anything , I bought it thinking it would be a great complemment for my low carb diet , thinking that i might be able to lose more weight ... I was wrong . Do n't waste your money , the product is not cheap .
 I had success with ephedrine-based products , but after they were removed from the market the weight has slowly crept on . I purchased Lipovarin hoping it would provide similar results , it did not . I attempted to implement their money-back guarantee ; I have yet to see a refund . -LRB- It has been MANY months ago and I have called on several occasions . -RRB- DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!I wanted it to work ; I was just like you . I read the reviews , I did the research , I was assured by the money-back guarantee ... trust me , it 's a waste .
 This product did absolutely nothing for me . I decided to give it a chance and complete the entire bottle . I have a 150 capsules bottle , and taking 6 a day , it takes 30 days to complete . I did n't start taking the pills until after a vacation because it 's easier to stick to a diet plan at home.I stuck to a diet and excercise plan . Took the Lipovarin every day , and lost ZERO pounds . After running out of the pills , I gained 7 pounds within a week even though I had not changed my diet/exercise plan.I called them on their guarantee and they said it 's only good for 30 days from the date of purchase . It took that long just to complete the bottle ! Do n't buy this product . It 's a waste of money . Take that $ 70 - $ 140 you were ready to shell out and go buy some new clothes . That will make you feel much better than wasting money on a product that simply does n't work and supporting a company that uses questionable tactics to sell its product.I only wish there was an option to give it zero stars .
 If you are just trying to lose those extra 5 pounds , this product is not for you . I diligently took it every day for weeks , and NO results . I already work out 5 days a week and watch what I eat . And these pills did not help me get over the final edge .
 The fabric quality is poor . The ink is blurred . The diagrams do not cover my woman 's size 9 foot as the picture shows . I was very disappointed .
 I loved the idea - I actually had it myself and while researching whether or not anyone else had the same idea , I came across these socks . The problems with this product are : * the socks are made of extremely thin nylon , more like footies than actual socks * they are so stretchy that the artwork does not really correspond to the actual location of the reflexology pointsNo matter how I try , the heel comes up the back of my foot and everything is way offThe color , which looks so white in the photo , is actually a dingy , unwhite color.The real test was when I wore them to my Pilates class . Normally , people notice my cute and unusual sock collection . These did not evoke even one comment.Overall , a very expensive pair of footies .
 I thought I was ordering aura cacia essential oils from this company ... what I got was unmarked bottles with no droppers and questionable contents . THE PICTURE SHOULD BE THE PRODUCT . I am not thrilled .
 This was one of the worst items I 've ever ordered . The `` test strip '' was nothing like the instructions showed , so it was impossible to tell what your results were . There is no customer support number to help you . I just wasted my money on this piece of trash , so do n't waste yours .
 girlfriend said it did n't work . still ended up on the couch . not for super heavy snoring . we need something stronger if you 're like me .
 Okay ... so perhaps I 'm a little gullible when it comes to product claims , especially when I wanted something to work so badly . I purchased this product in hopes that I would be able to spend the night with my boyfriend WITHOUT ending a romantic night with the inevitable `` raising of the roof '' snoring sound I so frequently produce :-RRB- Well , not so much . For the first hour of sleep , it seemed to help ... after that , right back to the rib punches and the `` roll over '' ... `` you 're snoring '' ... that I endure . I was really disappointed in the performance of the product . If anyone has found a product that works better , I 'd love to hear about it because this one was NOT it . Happy snoring ! Save your money on this one !
 I usually use the regular Easy Slide floss and I am very happy with the product line , but the Easy Slide Pro is a major disappointment . It does slide pretty easily between teeth , but the mint coating on the floss flakes all the time and it does n't taste good . I have to rinse after I 'm done flossing because I hated the way it tastes . Even worse , after using the floss several times , the coating sticks to the cutter -- as a result , you ca n't easily cut the floss . I have to resort to a scissor to cut the floss now , because pulling the floss hard would either shreds it or detaches the cutter from the case . I hate this floss so much that it makes me not want to floss .
 I 'm not a dentist , but I did n't like this product AT ALL . It is coated with white powdery flakes that spread like dandruff all over the place , before you even begin flossing ! Underneath is a stiff , clear plastic film that cuts your gums , and your fingers . I 'm a big flosser , and have tried many products -LRB- my `` regular '' floss is J&J -RRB- . Unfortunately this product was a major disappointment and the package was tossed after the first use . The only reason that I did n't give it 1 star is because it did n't shred -LRB- before it was tossed -RRB- and I did like the minty flavor -LRB- before it was tossed -RRB- .
 This product is 500mg per pill , the dosage is 2000mg . This is blatant and misleading product information . You can find much cheaper 500mg vitamin C pills . I wanted 2000mg pills so I would n't have to take 4 giant pills at a time .
 The one previous review here is exactly correct . The product claims to contain 2000mg pills , but actually contains 500mg pills . Not a good deal at all .
 Unfortunately , within 1 month , both this unit and the batteries I purchased -LRB- by the same company -RRB- had all -LRB- 6 of them -RRB- either leaked or went bad . Really disappointed !
 Scissors and comb came in a zip lock bag , not a sealed package . Not what I expected . Too much of a hassle to return . Used ?
 I love the cologne but the body wash left me itchy and dry . Plus this leaves a very faint scent so if you 're thinking like I did that you 'll get that great Reaction smell then think again . I 'll stick to Every Man Jack Body wash .
 I have used this in the past , but they changed the formula or -LRB- country making it ? -RRB- and the gelatin capsules now smell like rancid pig hooves . I threw it away .
 This product is not TRAMADOL but appears in search result for Tramadol and misguides buyersHCl with Pepsin - High Potency 250 Capsules SolarayHCl with Pepsin 180 Capsules SolarayHCl with Pepsin - High Potency 100 Capsules Solaray
 Do n't know if I received a bad batch , but my Solaray Betaine HCl capsules have a sharp unpleasant odor . The NOW Foods Betaine HCl capsules I 've tried are odorless ; I 'm going back to those .
 I had to return my bottle , because the 1st thing I noticed when I opened it was the odor , and the capsules literally looked like they had been put in an oven and toasted ! They had a burned smell . I had been trying to take them for my digestive problems , but these were actually making me worse ! Very defective bottle . I will not be ordering them again from Vitamin Shoppe if this is what you get . I have been taking Betaine Hydrochloride for several months , and this is the first time I 've ever had a problem . I had been buying them from the local health food store , but was trying to save money getting them on Amazon .
 I 'm gullible . I 'll admit to it.I , like many others would like to believethere is a way to remove , in a matter of days , the years of toxins that I have consumed through bad eating habits.I 'll admit , I bought some of these patches and actually put them on my feet.But while I was lying there , congratulating myself for taking responsibilityas far as being proactive in maintaining my health.I begun to realize that I had not done a basic word search.Now come-on - we all do that right ? Basic word searches ? You know , Google it , find out what if any reviews are on line see if there is anybad press before we make a purchase.I was fairly embarrassed . I realized that I had let my desirefor a quick fix to many of life 's problems become an emotional purchasebased on nothing more than a nagging fear that I would end up in an old folks homewith some stranger wiping the drool from my chin.Here is correspondence from Jacquie Lynne Lemke , an Orthomolecular Nutritionist and Hair Tissue Analyst , sent by way of pdf to Orthomolecular.org Journal , 2005 4th Quarter . -LSB- ... -RSB- A Look at the Effectiveness of `` Detoxification '' foot Patches > Jacquie Lynne Lemk < ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you want a product with good detoxifying qualities that has some serious peer reviews and has been adopted by Nasa to be included in astronauts diets check out Calcium Montmorillonite - Bentonite Clay Detoxifier -LSB- ... -RSB- I receive no financial gain from this , I just use the productThomas Mears
 My experience is consistent with the previous reviewer 's . The razor 's edge needed careful reworking before it even approached a usable state . -LRB- I used an ad hoc sequence of fine oil stones , followed by abrasive papers up to 8000 grit , with water , on a piece of float glass , before stropping . -RRB- At first I thought it was me . I used a straight razor , cluelessly , 30 years ago , and am trying to teach myself how to use one correctly now . I tried this razor and gave up for months , until it occurred to me that I had nothing to lose by trying to sharpen it . The visible grinding marks on the edge should have been a clue ; the problem was NOT me!I 'm giving this product two stars because I got mine at a local beauty supply shop for $ 10 . If I had known it was not really a finished product , that would have been a good deal , in context . If you have any idea how to sharpen something like this , $ 27.99 is n't bad . Make your mistakes with something like this , and then look for something fancier !
 The delivery of this item was very impressive , thanks for that , however the product is poor quality . The razor is dull . I 'll need to send it in somewhere to be professionally sharpened and see if that improves the item .
 This meter is completely useless the calibration is very difficult , the meter constantly fluctuates and will not give acurate readings . Do n't buy this .
 I have been using a straight razor for some time . I ordered this strop for my apartment . It came in a box that was 5x7 ... do the math on the dimensions - this will bend the strop . A bent strop means an uneven sharpen . Upon opening the box , it was cracked in two different places . The cracks were 3 and 2 inches long . I tried it out for the heck of it on a practice razor that I 've had for a long time and it was unevenly sharpened . Spend the extra buck , do n't take the easy way out , and stay away from this item . I am sending it back and we will see if they reimburse me .
 do n't waste your money . unless you want to sharpen you blade endlessly before a shave
 The canvas side is great . The leather was bad . Very hard and dry . I conditioned it with some neatsfoot oil . Still horrible . Find a better strop .
 I ended up quitting using patches . These did nothing for me at all . I would not recommend these for quitting .
 Didnt work for me , but I ended up quitting with the e-cig . Ive havnt smoked a cig in over a month . The pills were cool stepping stone , but tasted like sugar pills . .
 it did nothing with me but may be can do something for others since you know guys our body resistance vary from one to other
 I will admit this product does work . Did I quit smoking , kind of . It made me cut back a little more each day . instead of smoking a pack a day I now smoke about half a pack . Sadly this product did not work out for me .
 I have quit smoking many times before & I have tried patches , gums & cold turkey & cold turkey is the only thing that ever worked for me . Right now I 'm having a hard time quitting again because of some medications I 'm on so even though cold turkey is what always worked best for me , I thought I would give this a try . -- My review -- 1 . Besides being very annoying to take so many pills so often they did nothing to make the cravings less intense or less often .2 . I felt no difference I the side effects felt .3 . I stayed on them for 7 full days with no difference at all . I felt nothing ! I do n't know if this has anything to do with my medications which are currently making it extremely difficult for someone who has always quit `` relatively painlessly '' before for long periods of time until I convinced myself I could be a `` social smoker '' and that kills it for me every time.Don ' t take my review on its own , take it with some others & form your own opinion . Just because it failed for me does n't mean it will nessasarily fail for you . Do I regret trying it ? Not at all . I wish I had better results but I will never regret trying to quit smoking , even if it does n't work . Good luck to all of you reading this considering quitting . I hope it works better for you than it did for me & remember even after you have been a non smoker for years , it is n't worth the risk to try to have a cigarette `` now & then '' just like an alcoholic should n't have that first drink , we should n't have that first drag .
 This product may work for some but it did not do much for me . Who knows why or why not , I am sure everyone is different .
 This product did NOTHING for me !!!! It was a waste of money . I will never buy this item again , but Ineed something to make me quit smoking
 i got weaker instead of gaining strenght and puting on weight . I stopped using it . I will try another blood tonic.sorry , it didwork for me .
 Purchase carex walker about three months ago . BIG problem after little use brakes dont stay locked . Poor qualitylocking mechanism on brakes . Injuries resulted This would be a fairly good product if the brakes worked.Previous walker lasted three years made by competitor Note this item not purchased on amazon
 Factory assembled cables are too short - rear wheels are permanetly locked - adjustment -LRB- if any -RRB- is not included in the instruction booklet - returning for credit - suggest another brand . `` BUYER BEWARE ''
 I thought this would be very nice product and green product . I hated it . It has almost a greasy residue that it leaves behind even after rinsing . I followed the instructions on the bottle and did n't use too much . Be aware you are buying a whole case of this product so you will be stuck , like me , with numerous bottles of a horrible product .
 I ordered this twice . The description clearly states that the price is for a 6-pack of 2-roll cards , a total of 12 rolls . The first time I ordered , I received one two-roll pack . I contacted amazon.com and they refunded my cost and told me to re-order , which I did . The second time , I again received one pack of two rolls . This time I contacted the seller , who responded that amazon was changing the description AFTER THE SALE . This is patently untrue -- the description both before and after the sale clearly indicated a 6-pack . I 've now spent two weeks trying to get 12 rolls of tape , and I still do n't have them . I am not a happy customer .
 While the order was delivered quickly , the supplements I ordered came with an expiration date only 2 months out . Seller said i could return them , but that 's too much trouble , plus additional shipping charges . I feel the correct answer should have been for me to throw them out , and the seller refill my order with supplements that will last longer than 2 months . I wo n't order from this seller again .
 Despite the picture showing a Yoda topper on the bubble bath , mine came with R2-D2 topper , not what I wanted !!!! Bubble bath works pretty much like any of them do , but smells kind of chemical . Not at all pleased .
 I am all for trying more natural products , however this time I think I will go back to my national brand . It seemed to work well , however the smell was something that I did not appreciate - and I DO like natural smells . This stuff smells EXACTLY like horse fly spray that we spray on horses . Maybe a man would not care as much , but all I needed was a little whiff of alfalfa and I would have been transported back to a pasture somewhere . In addition , the `` spray '' was more of a stream of a white substance that needs to be rubbed in . I could not have sprayed it on my clothing to keep the ` skitos off my shirt and back . I am going to keep searching .
 This is not a spray but a lotion . I used it on playing golf in one morning , I did not get any insect bite . However , the smell of the lotion stayed with me for over 5 hours . The smeil was pretty strong and my playing partners did n't want to get too close to me . I have not used it since .
 This product is a bit more thick , and sprays onto skin less in a fine mist , more of smaller jets of whitish fluid.It seems to work , in that bugs do n't bite you while you 're wearing it . My kids seem to like it just fine . I have tried it 3 times now , and wo n't be using it again because it causes my skin to have an itching and burning feeling . As it is absorbed into the skin , it becomes more difficult to wash off , and so the burning feeling persists . It 's not extremely painful , but it 's quite irritating , much like putting something like vaporub on yourself .
 I am severely allergic to bees and this stuff REALLY attracted them . My yard has very few bees . . I sprayed this stuff on as I also has a mosquito allergy . Oh man . What a bummer it was when I got stung for the first time in 10 years . Not only that it attracted many gnats and other small flying creatures . I will never ever use this stuff again .
 I used this product when I heard a mosquito flying around my room while I was trying to sleep . They usually go for whatever they can get to , ie my face ! So , I sprayed herbal armor on a tissue , and dabbed it on my face.Whew , the smell was waay too strong for me ... and I like essential oils ... But I wanted to endure it because it 's deet free.So , we 're talking one mosquito to fend off ... and it bit me twice on my face almost immediately!Does anyone know if there is a non toxic repellent ? 2 stars because it 's a great idea ! Wish it had worked .
 No matter how much you shake the bottle , it does n't come out right . It shoots out in foaming bursts and you have to rub it in with your hands . And then that awful bug spray smell is on your hands . I will be moving on to other natural bug sprays .
 I am really pleased with this product in regards to Mosquitos , Fleas , and the pesky sweat-nats . It washes off with no lingering smell easily enough . The only downside is that , for me at least , the product seems to attract bees . They tend to swarm around both myself and also items where my hands , after application , have rested . -LRB- Lawnmower , lawn tools , and event the bottle -RRB- While I love bee 's , I prefer not to provoke a fight with them .
 I doused myself and my son in this , and got bitten all over . I was so excited by all the positive reviews , but it did nothing to keep the mosquitoes away . It is also pretty greasy . I should mention that I live in Michigan , where mosquitoes get pretty bad in the summer . We ended going back to the DEET products , which are the only ones that work for us . : - -LRB-
 My husband took the 4oz . All Terrain Herbal Armor spray on a camping trip . He sprayed his feet and legs . Within a short time he was itching and turning red . By the time he made it back home he had blisters from knee to toes and his legs were swollen . We went to the doctor who said he could n't decide whether it was an allergic reaction or a chemical burn . He called in another doctor to consult . They decided it was both a reaction and a burn . He had to have prednisone and a burn ointment . He now has weeping , draining blisters from knee to toes . He will miss at least three days of work . The company has not responded to my calls or email . The doctor said he was not surprised . I would be very careful if you decide to use this , especially on children . Spot test if you must use the product .
 Not only does this not seem to have any effect on mosquitoes , it attracts bees . They are drawn to the bottle and were drawn to me -LRB- I was stung -RRB- . I threw it away and washed the kids .
 I have never been able to breathe much at all through my nose due to congenital obstruction , so I decided to try this to help my sleep apnea and snoring . It was very uncomfortable and I never did get used to it . Moreover , it did n't work for me after weeks of trying . It 's possible that because my problem was n't simply stuffiness but the way my sinuses are shaped that the product failed to work . For others , this may not be a problem.I would , however , highly recommend the nozovent product over this one . It actually holds open the nostrils from the inside manually widening the passages and allowing more air to come in . That absolutely worked for me and is a much less expensive option as well .
 I really had high hopes for this product . I had a hard time having it even stay on mynnose & once it did , nothing happened for me .
 enough said.maybe i should try to get into the `` anti-snoring '' market . seems easy enough to `` invent '' useless contraptions and laugh all the way to the bank ...
 I have ordered this product two times now and both times my order was as follows ... four boxes of 50 count per box . At a cost of 32.00 -LRB- approximately -RRB- . I paid the total at the time of order and both times I only received 1 box !!! Each time I have had to call and request a refund . I 'm not upset at the cost , I do n't understand how this can have happened two times . I love this product but 32.00 for 1 box of 50 bags is a bit much . I hope this problem gets fixed soon , as I will need trash bags soon .
 Only bought this item becuase the picture shows a pump action bottle . Paid double for this product that what they sell for at Walmart becuase I needed a pump action bottle.Was so upset when I opened the box.Really want to return but am not willing to pay another $ 5 for shipping and I am on bed rest !!!
 I , too , used to buy these regularly at the health food store . Now somewhat older and wiser , I think I understand why the health food store stopped carrying this product . If you study the label carefully -LRB- which I never did before -RRB- , I think you 'll find it is rather misleading.Big picture of cherries and the word `` Acerola '' in big red print . The ingredients statement , however , is n't forthcoming . As best I can figure , you 're getting in each tablet 500mg -LRB- 1/2 gram -RRB- of vitamin C , and 2 grams of sugar . Since it does n't say what kind of sugar , we must presume it 's white , refined sugar . There may be as much as 530mg of Vit C in each tablet , but apparently only about 30mg of that is from natural sources . The bulk of it -LRB- probably almost 500mg -- ca n't be sure -RRB- is from `` ascorbic acid . '' That is simply a laboratory chemical form of vitamin C.Bottom line
 Fell apart and was poorly made with cheap materials . More for a prank than a prop .
 The peppermint aroma was refreshing . Unfortunately , after using the soap , I developed a horrible itchy rash that lasted a few days . I think I would 've liked it much better if my skin were n't so sensitive .
 This toothpaste made my gums swell , bleed and become extremely sensitive and sore , to the point that brushing became very painful . You may wonder why someone would continue to use toothpaste after that , but in my defense I am switching from Tom 's toothpaste -LRB- all natural -RRB- so I just assumed all toothpaste had a medicine smell and I just could n't imagine that toothpaste could do that to you . This toothpaste smells like formaldehyde to the point that I brought it up to work and had people smell it . They all said it smelled like poison.IF YOU OWN THIS THROW IT AWAY . IF YOU 'VE GIVEN IT TO YOUR CHILDREN TAKE IT AWAY AND TAKE THEM TO THE DOCTOR . THIS IS POISON .
 This is an absolutely awful product . As a diabetic , I was advised by a prominent online Chinese herbal medicine supplier and diagnostician to use this as a supplement to help lower blood sugar . I took it for about 10 days and had problems with constipation for over a month . It did nothing to lower my blood sugar , whatsoever . This stuff is complete garbage .
 I bought this product to try something new and ended up having to leave it on for much longer than other products and my hair is n't even thick ... I also did n't like the gel consistency ...
 The product works great but the company advertised the items price as `` $ 9.59 -LRB- $ 0.80 / Item -RRB- '' . The ad never says how many of the item you are ordering , but when you divide $ 9.59 by .80 for get 12 , which one would assume means you are ordering a box of 12 rolls for $ 9.59 . Instead I got one roll , which I could have bought for a quarter of that price from dozens of other companies .
 I bought this tape from this exact same listing before and it was six rolls for the regular price . When I ordered it this time it showed that it was on sale . I thought `` great , '' but when I recieved it I only got one roll . What a scam . It 's not worth the shipping so I am just switching to a different company .
 I agree with the other reviewer . I ca n't believe amazon is allowing this kind of theft to take place . I bought these at the nearby Chinese Herb store for $ 2.85 , tax included !! same exact box and everything . The place I get them from is called `` Thousand Chinese herbs '' do n't know if they ship though .
 Please note that you can acquire these very same herbs for about $ 9 retail from almost any supplier on the web or much less in Chinatown . Wholesale price to practitioners is about $ 3.45 per bottle plus shipping
 You ca n't tell from any pictures , but this thing is just a big wide vibrator . And if anyone knows anything about a vibrator , you need at least some ability of precision . You do not get that with this . The only thing this is good for massaging is a back . Save your money , get something else . Unfortunately I do not know how to return it so i 'm stuck with a 40 dollar paper weight that I have to hide . What a waste of money . And for those of you trying to figure out what exactly is wrong with it , the massaging part of that `` little gem '' is 2 inches wide , 4 inches long , and almost nearly flat . Tell me what you plan to do with that .
 It 's a neat design , but not nearly strong enough . I 'd be using that thing for a half hour before anything happened . my hand works better .
 FOUND THIS TO BE DISAPPOINTING GIVEN THE GOOD REPORTS YOU HAD ABOUT IT . HAD TO RETURN IT . IT 'S GOOD FOR MASSAGING A BABY 'S BACK .
 I have been using these bags for years -LRB- 4 or 5 -RRB- to store milk . In the distant past , I could use these 4 or 5 times , and then they would leak , which was okay , because I always used these `` old '' bags as a back-up . Now , I use two BRAND NEW BAGS , and they BOTH leak . I have to throw them out after one use because they both leak . I now know to put the bags in a large bowl in the fridge to thaw it out because they are going to leak . It 's a total mess trying to pour the liquie -LRB- in TWO bags , both leaking -RRB- into a bottle . I bought these in bulk - I 'm not sure when the company sold out and started selling an inferior product . But do n't expect the air-tight liquid storing capabilities you see on the commercials where they put the liquid in and turn it upside down . If they held it there long enough , it would start dripping -LRB- and make a mess in your kitchen , slowly , while you are not watching ! -RRB-
 BEWARE
 I purchased this vibrator less than six months ago . It was an amazing vibrator . The shape was nice . It hit the spot everytime ... I mean EVERYTIME ! It needed to be recharged after about an hour of use and there was no way to tell how much battery life was left . The vibration did n't even get weaker when the battery was low , but the battery life is the least of it 's problems.The noise from the vibrator is an issue . It can be very loud , you may not notice because it feels amazing , but if there is anyone in the next room they will hear it . The vibe is wrapped in a clear shell that is not water tight . This led to my vibrator being broken . Liquids can get under the clear shell and it 's impossible to clean unless you break it . I learned that the hard way . My vibe still works , but even after breaking it , I could n't clean all of the liquid from under the shell . I will not continue to use because of sanitary reasons . I 'm very disappointed because this vibe was my favorite -LRB- i liked it more than my rabbit -RRB- . I can not stress how much I loved this vibe , but I will not purchase another one until durex makes much needed improvements . Although the vibrator feels amazing , I would not recommend that anyone purchase this vibrator . If other customers are having similar experiences to mine , I imagine Durex will be introducing an updated version of this vibrator soon . I hope it 's really soon . Like tomorrow ...
 This device is noisy to the point of annoying . I contacted the distributor to register the complaint but they did not bother to respond to my email .
 I did n't like this soap . I found it did n't produce much lather , even with a washcloth , plus I found the smell off-putting - it did smell `` porky '' . Both of these made me not want to continue using the soap .
 this product was supposed to help acne it did not work for me , and it smells like your bathing in pork lard i would not recommend .
 I 've been using this soap every time I shower since I received it . I have struggled with eczema all my life . I use unscented shampoo , hypoallergenic detergent , Cetaphil , etc. . I thought it would try Lye soap because of the rave reviews and seeing that the winter cold is here I wanted something that will sooth my dry skin.I must say , I have n't seen any benefits yet . If anything , my eczema is worse after I shower . It started with slight red skin on the inside of my elbows after the first use , now after my most recent shower using Lye my inner elbows are blazingly red / irritated . This has n't happened since my last accident wearing a sweatshirt that was washed with scented detergent . Maybe it works for some people , but it did not work for me .
 The product works great but the company advertised the items price as `` $ 9.59 -LRB- $ 0.80 / Item -RRB- '' . The ad never says how many of the item you are ordering , but when you divide $ 9.59 by .80 for get 12 , which one would assume means you are ordering a box of 12 rolls for $ 9.59 . Instead I got one roll , which I could have bought for a quarter of that price from dozens of other companies .
 I bought this tape from this exact same listing before and it was six rolls for the regular price . When I ordered it this time it showed that it was on sale . I thought `` great , '' but when I recieved it I only got one roll . What a scam . It 's not worth the shipping so I am just switching to a different company .
 We have tried this product several times and found `` IT DOES NOT DISSOLVE '' as advertised . -LRB- Camco 2 Ply RV & Marine Toilet Tissue -RRB- It plugs up against the gate valve so when you open it to dump , the `` solids '' and the tissue can not come through.We have had our Black Tank Line snaked twice due to this product plugging up against the drain line gate valve . -LRB- and yes we use the appropriate chemicals -RRB- `` Do Not '' use this product in your RV . Try `` Thetford '' brand . Although only single ply , it will not plug up your sewer line and it dissolves as advertised .
 Disappointed that product has aspartame as a sweetener . Tried repeatedly on line to get exact ingredients of this before purchasing , but these were not listed . Too many potentially unhealthy side effects to aspartame . There are many other sweeteners available that do not have near the risk of using as aspartame . Wo n't buy this one again .
 I must say , I was really looking forward to this product . I was placed on a diet by my doctor , NO WHEY , NO WHEAT , NO DIARY ... now I know the label says 100 % , but the fine print tells you that is has MILK PRODUCTS in it . NOW I know why my stomach felt like a ball of glue every time I made a shake . LET THE BUYER BEWARE ... . it is n't just SOY PROTEIN 100 % ... it has other stuff in it , including dairy products . OOOOOOCH . dd
 BEWARE , It contains an ARTIFICIAL SWEETENER . Artificial sweetener slows down the digestion and absorption process , which is not good in pre and post-workout . Also , it states that it is 100 % soy , which is not true . It also contain MILK , which then can not be classified as a vegan product or a dairy-free product . Its taste is ok and provide around 120 calories , which is great , but it not a good source of supplement for bodybuilders .
 I would assume most people like myself who are looking at soy protein are probably looking for a vegan protein source . I believe ON attempts to market to this group of people with this soy protein product but they do it in a clever way . I was skeptical from the start when the front of the tub says `` Complete Vegetarian Protein Source . '' Note that it says vegetarian , NOT `` vegan . '' This means there are probably animal-derived ingredients still in there , which to me contradicts the `` 100 % Soy Protein '' label.Sure enough , a look at the very bottom of the nutrition facts label on Vitacost 's website shows that this product does indeed contain `` milk ingredients . '' As for how much and what exactly they are , no one knows . I attempted to contact the manufacturer , Optimum Nutrition , several times by phone and email to ask them about this specific problem , as it is very important to me to not ingest `` milk ingredients , '' but got nowhere , and received no replies to the emails.It 's a shame actually , because this soy protein tastes fantastic and mixes very well . I even would have been happy if ON had simply explained the truth and actually responded to my inquiries , but the shadiness surrounding the whole ordeal and this product is what prompted me to write this review . I would still like to get to the bottom of things just out of curiosity . If ON sees this and contacts me to explain , I will gladly retract and/or edit this review.Somehow I knew it was too good to be true all along . Thus continues my search for a cost-effective chocolate vegan soy protein source that tastes good . If anyone has any suggestions , please let me know .
 Disappointed that product has aspartame as a sweetener . Tried repeatedly on line to get exact ingredients of this before purchasing , but these were not listed . Too many potentially unhealthy side effects to aspartame . There are many other sweeteners available that do not have near the risk of using as aspartame . Wo n't buy this one again .
 I must say , I was really looking forward to this product . I was placed on a diet by my doctor , NO WHEY , NO WHEAT , NO DIARY ... now I know the label says 100 % , but the fine print tells you that is has MILK PRODUCTS in it . NOW I know why my stomach felt like a ball of glue every time I made a shake . LET THE BUYER BEWARE ... . it is n't just SOY PROTEIN 100 % ... it has other stuff in it , including dairy products . OOOOOOCH . dd
 BEWARE , It contains an ARTIFICIAL SWEETENER . Artificial sweetener slows down the digestion and absorption process , which is not good in pre and post-workout . Also , it states that it is 100 % soy , which is not true . It also contain MILK , which then can not be classified as a vegan product or a dairy-free product . Its taste is ok and provide around 120 calories , which is great , but it not a good source of supplement for bodybuilders .
 I would assume most people like myself who are looking at soy protein are probably looking for a vegan protein source . I believe ON attempts to market to this group of people with this soy protein product but they do it in a clever way . I was skeptical from the start when the front of the tub says `` Complete Vegetarian Protein Source . '' Note that it says vegetarian , NOT `` vegan . '' This means there are probably animal-derived ingredients still in there , which to me contradicts the `` 100 % Soy Protein '' label.Sure enough , a look at the very bottom of the nutrition facts label on Vitacost 's website shows that this product does indeed contain `` milk ingredients . '' As for how much and what exactly they are , no one knows . I attempted to contact the manufacturer , Optimum Nutrition , several times by phone and email to ask them about this specific problem , as it is very important to me to not ingest `` milk ingredients , '' but got nowhere , and received no replies to the emails.It 's a shame actually , because this soy protein tastes fantastic and mixes very well . I even would have been happy if ON had simply explained the truth and actually responded to my inquiries , but the shadiness surrounding the whole ordeal and this product is what prompted me to write this review . I would still like to get to the bottom of things just out of curiosity . If ON sees this and contacts me to explain , I will gladly retract and/or edit this review.Somehow I knew it was too good to be true all along . Thus continues my search for a cost-effective chocolate vegan soy protein source that tastes good . If anyone has any suggestions , please let me know .
 I had in my mind the memories od the Johnson cologne from when my kids were litlle , so I got this one for my grand dougther and the fracange is no really nice or durable I call my aunt in my contry and she sended me 3 bottles from Uruguay they are really different ! so nice and fresh I really do not understain why here the baby perfume is so different , also ther is no varaity a list you get something imported ,
 The main ingredient is water ! It smells great , but does NOT last.Do not waste your money . Baby lotion lasts longer !
 I ordered the 6 count and only recieved 1 bottle . I could have went to the store and bought it cheaper . SHAME ON AMAZON !
 I used this as directed and the wax sticks on my legs still ... do n't know what to do ? Maybe I 'm doing st wrong ? But I think not ...
 THESE METRX FOOD BARS HAVE BEEN AROUND FOR A GOOD WHILE . THEY ARE NOT LOW CARB AND NOT SUGAR FREE !!!! THERE IS ABOUT 34 GRAMS OF CARBS IN THEM -LRB- AS MUCH AS A CANDY BAR -RRB- . PLEASE CHECK THE ACCURACY OF YOUR DESCRIPTIONS !
 says it will create a cover for the canker . it does , but only if u dont eat , talk , or move your tounge around your mouth . so in reality , it doesnt do anything but numb the pain for about 2 minutes . worthless
 It did n't help at all . I was really hoping it would , but nothing changed after taking the whole bottle . I was very disappointed .
 could n't discern any improvement with use of this product as directed . i 'm sorry because it cost money and time . i wish i could have benefited and endorsed your product.Balanceuticals HernEase , 500 mg Dietary Supplement Capsules , 60-Count Bottle
 I am delighted with the promptness of the arrival of the toothbrushes . The workmanship is great , but I have two issues with the product . At 60 , I have had many natural bristle toothbrushes . These , were the hardest that I have ever purchased . The bristles have not softened up , enough to use them without raking my gums , badly . That is issue # 1 . Issue # 2 , is that , even though I have a large mouth , the bristle area on these toothbrushes is SO large , that it makes it difficult to reach my back molars with it.I will use them , for scrubbing toothbrushes , but not in my mouth ...
 by far the worst toothbush ever madeAmazon Should not even offer this item it is so inferiorone brushing and the bristles became matted and tangled
 Classic Chapstick from the '70s and 80 's had 48 % petrolatum in it . They revamped it down to 44 % petrolatum which gives lips a more `` lip-gloss '' look . They did NOT , I believe , go back to original/classic formula which actually provided better coverage and way less slippery feeling shiny lips . Go back to the 48 % petrolatum formula and then call it `` classic '' or whatever . I bought the product and I feel duped .
 while the product was exactly what i was looking for it came so late i did not know where the package was for so long
 I have this product i dont like it because is to hard for me and does n't make do the job
 I got BURNED . This Lighter is not as PICTURED or as LISTED . Its NOT ENGRAVED but , PRINTED . Like a sticker .
 Do n't buy this thinking you are getting a remake or re-release of Halodrol-50 . Your not . This is bunk .
 I still have n't recieve my order ! If an Amazon employee happens to read this I 'd really appreciate some help with the problem , because so far I 've only got the run-around !
 The product works great but the company advertised the items price as `` $ 9.59 -LRB- $ 0.80 / Item -RRB- '' . The ad never says how many of the item you are ordering , but when you divide $ 9.59 by .80 for get 12 , which one would assume means you are ordering a box of 12 rolls for $ 9.59 . Instead I got one roll , which I could have bought for a quarter of that price from dozens of other companies .
 I bought this tape from this exact same listing before and it was six rolls for the regular price . When I ordered it this time it showed that it was on sale . I thought `` great , '' but when I recieved it I only got one roll . What a scam . It 's not worth the shipping so I am just switching to a different company .
 This stuff will leave you smelly in just a few hours . I do n't see how it could be labeled a deodorant .
 The product works great but the company advertised the items price as `` $ 9.59 -LRB- $ 0.80 / Item -RRB- '' . The ad never says how many of the item you are ordering , but when you divide $ 9.59 by .80 for get 12 , which one would assume means you are ordering a box of 12 rolls for $ 9.59 . Instead I got one roll , which I could have bought for a quarter of that price from dozens of other companies .
 I bought this tape from this exact same listing before and it was six rolls for the regular price . When I ordered it this time it showed that it was on sale . I thought `` great , '' but when I recieved it I only got one roll . What a scam . It 's not worth the shipping so I am just switching to a different company .
 I have this unit , and rather like it ... however , I grossly overpaid for the features I 'm actually able to use.I no longer have a Windows-based computer , and will never own another Windows based computer , nor run an emulator for a Windows based computer.The data connection was why I originally purchased this unit ... and own nothing but Macs running OS X Lion.There is no way to download the data for Lion.Omron does not support Macs , and apparently never will , despite a growing base of installation.Hand in hand with this ... they also wo n't support the iOS platform as a way to view data.They instead rely on their arcane Windows software that looks like it was written over 10 years ago , and is barely customizable to do what you want and display the way you want.Save the money and buy something without the data transfer features , unless you 're sure you will be able to use it long-term . Me ... this BP monitor was a waste of money !!!! I 'm dumping it and going to buy one of the new iOS BP monitors , using it directly with iPhone/iPad . That 's the way of the future ... not OMRON 's direction !!!!
 Unit is not as accurate as claim , not easy to use and also Bad customer Service , Amazon lower the price of this item two days after I order , I request a credit they say no they do n't guarantee prices , what a load of crap . Never will use Amazon again . Bad , bad Amazon !
 Cuff is a joke . After using it for two weeks , the cuff became very hard to use , causing the monitor to fail , and I have junked it , and went back to my old Eckerd 's bp monitor .
 I took a chance when I placed my order since I had read some pretty bad reviews . Well , I should have listened to them !!! The unit that I received has been almost consistently reading error . I have tried everything I could think of , read the book over again & still find myself frustrated . I actually ignored it for a few weeks ... LOL ! Now I do n't even know if I can return it ; have to check it out . Buy this item only if you need more frustration in your life to raise your blood pressure .
 It is easy to use and the pc software is good . The problem I have is that I 'm 62 and my wife is 59 and we are having the best blood pressure readings of our life . I do n't thing the blood pressure reading are correct .
 It may be a comfortable fit but the velcro gives as it inflates ... so if you want a lower reading this is the way to go . I ca n't believe so many good reviews and no one talks about the problems with the comfit design . If you have a big fat arm it works better . Go with the standard arm pressure strap .
 Do n't buy this unit . The Comfit Cuff is nothing but a gimmick , and very difficult to use . I constantly get error readings , and am having to redo it by fiddling with the cuff , and reattaching the velcro . Software is a joke too , very much an old program . I am very unhappy with this purchaseMy advice is just buy a cheaper unit with a standard cuff . I should have known better .
 I think the unit is a quality piece of gear and the software is pretty cool but the unit reads at least 10mmHg too high compared to side by side doctor readings . The unit claims to come with a cuff big enough for very large arms and my 14 '' arms are well within the range they list but my doctor always uses a large cuff on me . I emailed the company to see if they had a larger cuff , they do not . They do n't accept returns unless the product is defective . It reads fine on my apartment-mate .
 I have been trying to use this item ever since I purchased to keep track of my blood pressure and almost every I try to use it it keeps giving an error indication.I put it on as tight as I can in accordance to the directions given and start it . It pumps for a few seconds and then stops with a flashing ` E ' . Only a very few times has it gone through the process to measure my BP and it frustrates me . As I indicated I put it on as tight as I am able and it fails more often than not to give me blood pressure . I most likely wasted my money on this tirm !!!
 The monitor looks great . I am about 170lbs. , average build . The cuff feels tight on my arm , as a result , it overinflates and gives an error message . When I try to loosen the cuff , I get an underinflation error.You sort of get impatient when using this monitor . As a result , your pressure goes up . GREAT !
 This monitor provided poor results . I compared it to readings at home with an Omron wrist monitor -LRB- ModelRX2 -RRB- . It typically reads 20-25 units higher than the wrist monitor for both systolic and diastolic . The wrist monitor has been reasonably consistent and agrees well with my readings at the doctor 's office , and another wrist monitor -LRB- HEM-608 -RRB- . I took this monitor to the doctor 's office as well , and it was 30 units higher than the nurse 's and doctor 's measurements . My doctor recommended I not use it . He was more pleased with my wrist monitor . As such I have returned the HEM-90IT and am using the wrist monitor since I have much more confidence in it . I bought this unit for its computer record keeping , but its not worth it if I have little confidence in the numbers .
 With my blood pressure level pretty high , my Dr. wanted me to keep a daily check on it . I purchased a Omron HEM 790IT monitor . It lookedlike a well built unit , however I had trouble with getting the cuffon my arm . It would twist around my arm as I was trying to wrap thevelcro end together . The readings were always higher than what my Dr.would get . We tested the unit in his office , and aginst his , we got readings that were 10 points higher . I returned the unit , and got asecond one . This one seems to be the same . The readings are alwayshigh .
 I bought the HEM-790IT two months ago and monitor my blood pressure at least three times a week . The readings are consistent with manual readings at my doctor 's office , so I do n't have the accuracy problems some reviewers have found . Unfortunately , the cuff gives very frequent error messages , and this seems to be increasing with time . Even when holding my breath , and trying my best not to move at all , I frequently have to try 3 or 4 times to actually get a reading . Once , it took 10 attempts . A review I recently read suggested squeezing the cuff until it gets past the 30 mm mercury reading to avoid this problem . I will try doing this , but the instrument clearly has a problem with errors at startup .
 The unit deflates before it can take a reading and I sometimes get frustrated and simply give up , after multiple tries . Even after checking to make sure that the cuff is properly set I still am unable to get a reading , especially when using the average reading option . Just checked Consumer Reports and hope to pick up one of the one 's recommended by them .
 I 'm going to give it a few more tries but in a few trials at my GP 's office this thing is ~ 20-30 points higher on the systolic and ~ 10 points higher on the diastolic vs. the old-school measurements . The auto inflate feature is great , the memory and ability to download and print is great , and my GP says Omron is generally good stuff.I was told by a PA that the technique of taking three readings in a row and then averaging them -LRB- something this machine does automatically and brags about in the manual -RRB- is something she was told NOT to do in school ... that is , taking multiple readings within a short period of time on the same arm . Her reasoning was that the cuff compresses the blood vessels and if you keep taking readings from the same arm close to each other , the 2nd and 3rd readings are suspect.If the batteries fall out as mine did in my suitcase on a road trip , remember to reset the date and time . I 'd assume that would be good advice after changing batteries.Update August 2010 - I am shopping for a new monitor . This unit consistently overstates both systolic and diastolic , and the amount of overstatement is very sporadic -LRB- so for example , I ca n't subtract N from the readings to come up with a reasonable estimate -RRB- . As another reviewer pointed out , sometimes the results are so high that they will scare you . Given the number of positive reviews I suspect this is a sample defect , not a design problem , but I need something more reliable .
 I just got the product , and set it up according to the very clear instructions . IMO , the manual is too much paper for such a simple-to-use device . After getting rid of all the `` do n't take a hair-dryer into the bathtub '' idiot warnings , the instructions boil down to about three pages.The product is simple to use , and it presents its results in a nice big font . Even a bear-of-very-little-brain such as myself should have no problems . It 's packaged well , the unit is clean and attractive , and everything fits together nicely in the enclosed carrying case.Unfortunately , it does n't work.By coincidence , I had a doctor 's appointment this afternoon . This morning , I got the product set up and used it several times over the course of about an hour . It consistently showed my BP in the range of 150/110 , plus or minus maybe 7 points . `` Oh crap ! Time to increase my BP medication . `` So I went to the doctor 's office , and got tested by the nurse there . 120/70 . `` Good number ! '' she said . I was so upset over the Omron result that I asked her to check it again to be sure . Still good.Maybe , I thought , it was the dreaded `` morning hypertension , '' a key factor in strokes -LRB- !! -RRB- . In fact , I had never heard of morning hypertension until I started looking at home BP products . But forewarned is forearmed , right?Well , I came home from the doctor 's and ran the machine a few more times . 150/110 . I like this product , and I desperately want it to work for me . But I do n't think that `` just subtract 40 points '' is a good plan to keep using it . I 'm going to get in touch with tech support and see what they tell me.For what it 's worth , I 'm a big guy . I 'm over 6 ' 4 '' , and my bicep is at the upper end of the sleeve measurement - maybe that 's part of the problem . I hope not , because I did n't see anything about a super-large sleeve being available.All the other reviews on the product are positive , and that 's a good sign - maybe I just got a bad one . But if you do buy this product , I strongly recommend you confirm the readings , especially if they are high , before you panic . I paniced first , but fortunately my doctor 's appointment was able to calm me down a few hours later .
 I 'm an anesthesiologist so I work with blood-pressure devices daily , and as others have found , this machine has a serious flaw . Often the cuff fails to inflate and gives an error display . One solution another reviewer and I hit upon is to squeeze the cuff during the beginning of inflation . It seems once the pressure reaches 30 mm Hg or so , it continues to inflate and completes the cycle.Worse yet , when I contacted the company about this problem I was told by an ignorant employee that because the machine gives an error message the problem must be with my pulse . It 's a ridiculous explanation because often the machine quits inflating at 10-20 mmHg , way below diastolic pressure and before it can detect the pulse . And besides that my pulse is quite regular thank you . They finally exchanged the monitor , but the new one , alas , is not much better . It seems there is a design flaw and for this reason I can not recommend this monitor.The PC link is via USB cable and the software is quite useful and easy to use .
 It is easy to use , with nice cuff design . From day 1 , it seemed to be inaccurate . Constantly read high . Usually by about 10-15 % . Hih enough that I knew it had to be wrong becuase I 'm on Blood pressure meds and my readings should never get as high as it showed . Sure enough when I compared to my Doctors , itwas very wrong . I did n'ttry to buy a cheap one . I was willing to pay for a good , accurate meter . Find out what brand/model your doctors office uses and buy that is your best bet . This is n't even accurate enough to be used for a guide line . The readings will just make you panic .
 I began using the Omron HEM-790IT with the hope that I would be able to easily keep track of my blood pressure and monitor my work to reduce it . Imagine my disappointment when I went to my doctor 's office for a visit and had them check the device twice against their apparatus , and discovered that the Omron was 10-11 pts higher than what the professional device measured . So much for monitoring my blood pressure , especially since the Omron had measured THE SAME AS the doctor 's office equipment just before I left home for that same appointment . I just got my request for a refund from Amazon in under the 30 day limit .
 I 've been using the Omron HEM-790IT monitor for almost a month now and I 'm not impressed with it . It seems that the arm cuff ca n't stay tight while the monitor is running . I hear the velcro crackling while the test is underway . I 've tried the cuff tight , loose , lower , higher on my arm . Always get the velcro crackling on each test!When I run tests right after each other I get different results . This is not good thing . It makes me wonder which is the correct -LRB- if any -RRB- result.If Omron replaced the arm cuff with one like a doctor has -LRB- a velcro strap with a metal tightening bar , this machine would probably be reliable . Otherwise , the flimsy arm cuff seems to be a major problem.As for the unit itself , it is a nice piece of electronics . I just wish I could get the same readings twice!Fix the arm cuff Omron !!
 I had high hopes for this monitor , but after taking my bloodpressure , those hopes dwindled fast . My normal BP is around 120/80 -LRB- without meds -RRB- and this monitor showed 154/86 . I FREAKED -LRB- ok , I 'm paranoid when it comes to my health -RRB- but then decided that it may be a one time incident . Next morning , even higher and worse yet on the third day . That 's when I researched all the one star reviews and learned that many people had the same problem . I tried to exchange the unit for another model -LRB- LifeSource UA-767T Talking Auto Inflate Blood Pressure Monitor -RRB- but was told that I could only exchange for the same model . So , I asked for a refund -LRB- which is in progress -RRB- and googled for the other unit . Luckily I found it $ 20.00 cheaper -LRB- on sale -RRB- elsewhere . Do n't want to mention the other site here but if you google for the model above , you 'll find it.Will let you know how the new unit performs when I get it . One little sentence in the Product Description -LRB- This monitor has been clinically validated for accuracy -RRB- helped me in deciding on this unit and the fact that it has a LIFETIME warranty on both the unit and the cuff .
 I have a problems using the HEM-790IT . I follow the instruction for placing the cuff on my arm and 50 % of the time I get an error message . I have the meter set to do the average of 3 reading and sometime it errors on the 2nd or 3rd reading . The other issue is there is no start and stop button so once you turn the meter on it start blowing the cuffup
 Product apparently defective . Returned for credit . Tried numerous times on two different people with same results . It will not stop building pressure and had to be stopped manually . Two people with bruised arms . Do not know if this could be a good item if it worked properly but after this experience we will not try another one .
 The unit received to monitor my present high blood pressure condition appeared to provide accurate information and I was happy to see that my blood pressure was almost normal BUT unfortunately when my wife and I compared it with the doctors ' readings after recent office visit , these were low and by definition useless . Thinking that it may only be a matter of calibrating it , I checked the manual and Ormond 's webpage for this possibility but there was no information whatsoever . The only explanation in the possible differences between the HEM-790IT reading and what the doctor 's equipment may provide was based on the fact that this equipment uses blood flow vibration , while the physician would have to listen and note for the systolic and diastolic blood flow characteristics AND that this unit `` would compensate '' for this variation . No matter if we used the `` true value '' -LRB- 3 readings average -RRB- process , it still provided a low and unrealistic information .
 This monitor worked good for awhile and then it just kept giving me errors . It was not the monitor but the cuff . For some reason I could not get the cuff on tight . It was n't me because no one could . I called Omron and they were very helpful in telling what the problem was but could not solve it for me . It required two people . One to hold the cuff in place and the other to wrap it around the arm tight . No one could do it alone . I returned it to Costo and purchased a different model Omron and it 's cuff works perfectly . We think the problem is that the stiff part of the cover on the first one was spread too wide so it would n't wrap right . Maybe if we would have taken it and forced it into a smaller circle it would have bent that way and our problem would have been solved . I wrote to Omron and suggested that they tell the complainers that .
 This is a promising blood pressure monitor . The problem is that the cuff leads to multiple wrong readings . I 've checked it multiple times against my blood pressure in my doctor 's office and this is consistently wrong . I 'm now looking for one that does n't have one-size-fits all.And to correct Pajama Guy 's review , it 's not exported in an Access Database . It 's exported in a comma-separated values -LRB- CSV -RRB- file .
 I tried this blood pressure gauge many times over a number of days . I could never get a reading over 90/65 . I might believe that if I was still in high school , but that was over 40 years ago . My doctors blood pressure gauge and this one were ex termly far apart in the readings . This inaccuracy could be dangerous for people with really high blood pressure , led to believe they were OK with out the meds .
 Stressful , Stressful , Stressful and StressfulI purchased the machine about 1.5 months and have been using on a daily basis . It does not work proper and you will need to try 3 to 5 times to get the accurate results . Very stressful to make it work and will only raise your BP . Software is great and easy to use but equipment engine to pump air it is week and many times you will get ERROR messages .
 I purchased this unit back in January and paid good money for it thinking Omron had a great piece of equipment that could help me monitor my blood pressure and record it on my PC . When I started to use it at the end of January I found my blood pressure to be high which worried me as it has been normal my whole life . I visited my doctor a couple of times up to now and he said it was normal . He suggested I bring in the unit when I have my physical which was yesterday . When he took a reading on his unit it was 130/70 and a pulse of 80 then it was taken on the Omron unit and read 159/98 and a pulse of 81 . Only the pulse was accurate . I now have to pay shipping , insurance and an $ 8 check required by Omron to have this unit function properly . What a great warranty program - NOT !
 I used this one for almost a year and was very dissapointed.Very inconsistent readings . Requires at least three measurements to get reasonable results . Check three consequtive reading , right down the spread of results and compare to other blood peassure monitors available on the market . Do not believe that you have arythmia or jumps in your blood pressure . It is the cuff design and the method of pressurizing etc that cause all problems . In addition per Omron customer support cuff life is one year max . Cost of replacemnt $ 35 . I have bought Panasonic blood monitor that very slowly and gently pressurizes during measurements and provides very repeatable and accurate readings . You can just use a single measurement method - it so accurate .
 The software and functionality of the hardware-software interface of this product is poor at best . I have used two difference units with the same results . It will not download data to my Dell Vista PC , no matter how many times and ways i connect , disconnect , uninstall , reinstall , etc. . I finally got it to work with my XP laptop , but the manner in which you connect must be exactly in line with the screen prompts , which do not exactly coincide with the steps in the instruction manual . In addition , i had errantly set the year as 2009 on my second unit . I thought it would be easy to export to a csv file with the software , change the years and re-upload . Nope . Wo n't work . Even if i try to upload the exact same file without changing the years , same result - format is invalid . This despite the fact it is the exact same file saved as csv . Since the csv import does n't work , i can not transfer the XP downloaded data to my Vista pc . Basically , the software is terrible .
 Only gave 2 stars because the software is helpful in reporting to my doctor . This cuff is so inacurrate , no matter what I do I am getting readings 10-15 points low . I have compared it to my doc 's readings at the office and he has verified this . So , went back to doing it the old fashioned way and just manually entering the data into the nifty software .
 I purchased this product on recommendation from my doctor . After receiving several miss-leading readings -LRB- HIGH -RRB- I brought it in to the doctor to see if it is accurate . Doctor told me my arm too big for cuff and I need bigger one . Would love to know if I can purchase a larger cuff to use . Otherwise a wasted purchase
 I bought theOmron HEM-790IT Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with Advanced Omron Health Management Softwareand was positively impressed with all aspects of the device . The quality of the build , the ability to work off AC and batteries is great , the software works fine and the ease-of-use is very good.The problem is that over the last month , I have consistently checked the device vs. readings taken at my doctor and the device is off by about 13 points -LRB- for example , it will say my pressure is 133/90 when it is really 120/78 -RRB- - giving me false readings.I have n't found a way to calibrate it or adjust it . Tried to return it but my returns window at Amazon expired 6 days ago -LRB- of course -RRB- .
 At my doctor 's suggestion I purchased and used the device for weeks recording what appeared to be consistently high blood pressures seemingly indicating that a new blood pressure medicine was not working effectively . I went to my doctor three times to verify the issue and each of three times with different cuffs and once side by side with this unit , the unit was consistently 10 psi off on the high side . I have tried a few auto-inflate units on the market and found each of them to be less accurate than manual inflate with auditory monitoring.I believe it is because large males -LRB- full size not obese -RRB- may require larger cuffs than come with these units . They may work well for smaller people but possibly not for someone my size.The software and electronics were great . But inaccurate reading lead to pretty but inaccurate records and graphs.I 'm very disappointed . .
 Update
 This product Omron HEM-790IT only gives you occasionally correct pulse rates , but the blood pressure readings are just unreliable and often inaccurate.I bought this product because this was the top of their line stuff , and now I wonder what the other models would be like.I cross checked the readings of this product several times with my Physician on his manual BP device and found the accuracy of this product to be as low as 43 % . This simply means that it just did n't work properly half the time.This product simply does n't live upto all the tall claims made by the manufacturer and the customer reviews -LSB- possibly fudged or doctored -RSB- are grossly misleading.Think twice before you buy !!!!
 Very Disappointing.I investigated this device before purchasing and had high hopes for a good product . However , shortly after I got it stop working . I used it only for forty five days .
 The Omron HEM-790IT is an easy to use BP monitor . It seems to be consistent and accurate.Make sure you set the date and time correctly on the machine and do n't accidentally change it because once you download the data into its `` Not Quite so '' Advanced Management Software you are stuck with it . Yes there is NO WAY to edit your data once it is downloaded . This means you can not delete errant data either . There is no end to the irritation that this causes me . That alone made my blood pressure shoot sky high.I was able go into their program and find the data base file `` omron.mdb '' . I thought that I could edit the data directly myself but it was password protected . Do n't expect any help from their tech support because you wo n't get any . I eventually cracked the password myself hence making the software satisfactorily usable . If I was not able to do that I would have returned the machine for a cheaper one , and not pay the extra price for their worthless software.I gave this a 2-star based on the software . I would give it a 4-star based on the BP monitor . It could use a slightly longer connection hose .
 This may be a very fine blood pressure monitor ; however , if I had known that it would pinch and bruise my upper arm when using it , I never would have purchsed it . The cuff is too wide to fit comfortably . Only people with long , thin arms should buy this item .
 I investigated this device before purchasing and had high hopes for a good product . However , shortly after I got it , it showed error messages and no BP . I returned it and had a 2nd one sent . It showed an error message on the 1st use but gave a BP . I checked all fittings and the instructions & made sure the plastic connector was tightly fitting . On the third use of the device , it showed 3 consecutive error messages & no BP was able to be obtained . I am very disapointed and have requested a refund . Customer service was excellent .
 I have an older model meter from this company which i was pleased with but liked the features on this one . After receiving the unit and using it for a week i found the readings were 10 % -15 % lower than normal . I verified with my older unit and it read as expected . I talked to Omron Customer Service and concluded i should get a replacement unit which I did . The new unit again was reading 10 % -15 % lower than expected and I took the meter to the local Blood Services office and they confirmed the readings were wrong . At this point I returned the unit for a refund and purchased a simular unit from another company . That unit works as expected .
 I thought I was buying a top of the line blood pressure monitor . It is certainly priced like one . However , my unit was woefully inaccurate . I took it to my doctor and had her nurse do a traditional blood pressure reading . The result
 The systolic reading was consistently at least 20 marks too low than what I know it really is . This is true even though I am certain of operating it correctly and taking over 100 readings with it in a 2 week period . Yes , the cuff was correct size . The diastolic reading was correct , though . The reason I bought a monitor is because I know from professional readings that my systolic is too high . But this thing says my BP is very normal . Trusting this thing could kill you . The primary function of a BP monitor is to accurately monitor both systolic and diastolic . So this is fails at functioning and is therefore worthless . All the extra stuff that comes with it is just a gimmick and is not necessary for your health . I doubt I can let myself buy another Omron product . Product returned for full refund . Thanks to Amazon for making it easy to return at no cost to me .
 They -LRB- Omron -RRB- claim that this is a large `` comfit '' cuff good for arms up to 17 inches , but it is not . Mine is 16.7 inches , and it consistently reads 30 lbs high , or gives an error message . I tried it on friends with arms 15.75 inches and larger and got the same results . There is no larger replacement cuff available , without buying a commercial doctors unit . It looks nice but does n't work . If you have a larger arm , do n't waste your money .
 Foolish these days to market a product only for PC users . Macintosh users are rapidly increasing . To ignore this market is foolhardy.I would buy this , if it came with Mac software . Without it , it is just another BP monitor .
 Comes quick in the mail . Impresive box and looks nice , big numbers and not too confusing to run if you dont use the `` software '' . The cuff is stiff and hard to put on , why ? Wouldnt a normal soft one be easier to use , and fit better?Press the button and off it goes . Nice big letters . Nice too-high -LSB- 10 + -RSB- readings too often and result varies widely each time . Old cheap Braun was much closer to the real . Most monitors have signifigant errors and it is surprising how many error prone machines get into Dr 's offices . Of course the old fashioned manual is most acurate , but who wants to live in the past and be accurate . Get your exact-errors here . `` Software '' ? Like microsoft you always leave them wanting more , and you wont be dissapointed here . Its keeping with tradition in `` software '' , its bad . Confusing . hard to set up and the graphs are poorly identified.However it looks as impressive as the MD in his white coat not knowing what you have or caring and thinking of the bill .
 I purchased this unit with the hopes of being able to take my blood pressure on a daily basis . My health warrants that I monitor it closely . I tried taking my pressure at least 15 times before I got a reading . I kept getting error messages or no reading at all . The unit would show the number 7 and then the 60 seconds would show up and count backwards until it reached zero then the cuff would inflate again only to come back to no reading . I sent the unit back to amazon the next day . This unit is a piece of junk and it will cause your blood pressure to go up due to aggravation . I went to CVS and purchased their brand name unit for $ 25.00 less and it works perfect . Do n't waste your time or money on this unit .
 THis BP monitor has lot to offer in terms of technology ... . hmmmm sounds great ... WARNING the basic purpose is to check ones blood pressure where the reading goes haywire i did compare the readings with another monitor another brand and had a reading differential on the Systolic side +10 mmhg while the reading on the diastolic is almost samecompared with other brand ... This one really made me scary but then i started using both and now take the average . The cuff is too hard to get adjusted on a thin biceps . Though the software is good ... but what do i do with the software as my basic purpose of correct reading is not solved ... . i think i am gon na become owner of around 4 BP monitors to find my accurate BP ... cheers
 I am an RN and feel I know well enough to know how to use an electronic BP cuff . I get error messages about 90 % of the time . Today I took it about 25 times and only got 2 readings that worked . That is enough to make anyone want to chuck it into the trash . Do n't depend on this machine to be there for you in the case it is imperative to know your blood pressure . I am 36 weeks pregnant and I have been forced to take my own blood pressure MANUALLY during dizzy spells due to this machines malfunctions -LRB- and it is not easy to do when you feel you are about to pass out -RRB- . Also , this machine will not take your BP standing up , which is imperative to diagnose orthostatic hypotension -LRB- a drop in blood pressure when you stand up as evidenced by feeling dizzy -RRB- . The Omron rep. says you have to be sitting at all times and must have everything perfect -LRB- cuff , hose , fingers , not talk , feet flat , etc -RRB- for it to work ... and EVEN THEN the chance of getting a error message or inaccurate reading are high . Yesterday I got a reading of 127/109 ... then in the same minute ... and error ... then the next minute I got a reading of 105/73 . I never moved the cuff , myself or the machine . It just seems to want to do whatever it feels like doing . There are just too many variables to watch and this is simply unacceptable when someone is not feeling well . I have a patient who has a wrist cuff and it works just about 100 % of the time ... sitting AND standing . -LRB- it is also accurate when compared to my manual readings -RRB- I am going to find out what brand it is and buy THAT one . I will just give this one to Goodwill or something ... but I have to admit , I am tempted to just put it in the trash to spare someone else the problems . What a waste of money as I have only had this for 2 months . I would NOT recommend this to anyone that depends on getting getting an reading in less than 5 or 7 tries ... and even then , the accuracy in the reading you get is severely questionable .
 I purchased this unit since it had a large cuff and appeared fairly easy to put on . While the cuff is large enough for me and my husband , we get more error messages than actual readings . We can only get the cuff to fit properly on the left arm if the other person does it , and even then we 're still getting close to 90 % error messages . It is easier to put on the right arm for some unknown reason , but that arm still gets more errors than readings and most doctors prefer readings from the left.I do n't know how much of the problem is with the unit , and how much of it has to do with the shape of overweight arms -LRB- wider at the top of the cuff and narrow at the bottom of the cuff , which makes it hard to get it situated * just right * -RRB- . So , if you have larger arms , or flabby arms , this may not be the unit for you .
 Found it gives variable readings . Brought it to the doctor 's office for comparison and both systolic & diastolic readings were high compared to doctor 's monitor . Also higher than what the neighborhood Urgent Care Center came up with so had to return it as I thought of it as useless .
 Returned ! Not accurate . Consisitanly high on my pressure and consistantly low on my wife 's pressure .
 The software with this product does n't work -- repeated tries to contact Omron with no result . Very frustrating and time consuming with zero result -- using windows 7
 I was severely disappointed with this product . I could never get a correct blood pressure reading because of the way the cuff fit . It is a hard cuff and is difficult to use . I enquired about replacing it with a soft cuff and Omron stated that the hard one is the only available one . It now sits in a dresser drawer unused . It was fairly pricey and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 How good is a Bentley with all the bells and whistles but does not do its basic job - i.e run ! I am suprized with the ratings this has received . Needless to say that I bought it based on the ratings even though there were some voices about its Accuracy . And guess what , I have the exact same Accuracy concerns and hence returning the item.My and my Dad 's readings are totally way off - My BP is 120 over 85 and the machine keeps on recording 130 over 95-110 . Totally insane . With that stage2 hypertension reading , I should be writing this review from a hospital-bed by now and also preparing my will . In my Dad 's case too , it shows 110/57 while his BP is 115/70This level of inaccuracy coming from a brand leader like Omron is a shame . My $ 35 Walgreens/Homedics monitor shows far more accurate reads , + / - 3-4 points . Oh well , another example where Cheap is not necessarily always bad and Expensive is not necessarily always good .
 NEED MORE THAN TWO USERS -LRB- A -RRB- , -LRB- B -RRB- IS NOT ENOUGH OTHER THAN THAT IS GOOD
 I ordered this after ordering another omron BP monitor for my husband . I thought would be great as I have the software for my pedimeter . Note my software folder with this was empty , this had to be a return item . I have used this item for 2 months now . I take 3 readings each arm within 1.5 minutes of each other aka every 30 seconds . On this unit my BP goes from 143/90 to 98/60 within 2 minutes . This has done this since day one and the tube for the cuff does not stay in.The omron 705 cp with a printer that I ordered for my husband . Today 3 read outs on both my left and right arm . Left 122/88 pulse 85 , 120/83 pulse 84 , 120/78 pulse 85 . Right arm 116/81 pulse 86 , 120/81 pulse 86 , 120/86 pulse 86 . When I was missing the software I should have returned this item .
 The Omron BP meter I bought HEM-711 does n't give anywhere near the correctBP . If you take the BP at any time the BP is + - 20/30 higher than the BPas measured by registered nurses . You can just see how inaccurate when youtake a BP every 10 minutes without moving , or even every 2 minutes . No correlationin readings at all .
 I had high expectation for the product after reading its reviews , however it did not produce the expected results . Comparing this BP monitor with one in a hospital , the Ormon monitor registered about 20-30 points higher.Perhaps I just got a faulty one , but I did return it and am now trying a new brand .
 I bought this for my mother but within the first week , the Omron monitor started registering 30 points higher . This really scared my mother -LRB- who already has high blood pressue -RRB- . She panicked and ended up going to the hospital to find out it was the Omron monitor and not her . Clearly a faulty one , and I returned to amazon . The fauly devise could have a caused her a real heart attack .
 I 've been looking for a new blood pressure monitor . I had been usingMark of Fitness MF-81 Wrist Blood Pressure Monitorfor the last year , and while it gave me very steady results , they were always lower than my actual blood pressure reading.After looking over the reviews , I selected this Omron monitor with the software . It never worked for me . The cuff is very comfortable , but I received more error readings than actual readings . When I received readings they were usually about 10 to 20 points lower than my actual pressure . The readings also varied greatly each time I took them.I really wish this unit would have worked . I gave it two stars because I loved the cuff and the idea of the software . I never used the software since I was forced to return the whole thing when I could n't get an accurate blood pressure reading .
 I took this newly-purchased unit to my doctor 's office today . Compared to his measurement it measured my B.P. , both systolic and diastolic , as 15-20 points higher than his . That wide a difference makes this unit , despite it 's superb features , worthless as a home B.P. monitor . And the problem could n't have been technique - he checked the cuff positioning and tension and said it was being done properly - the unit just does n't make a usable B.P. measurement compared to one to one taken manually . I 'm buying a manual B.P. measurement system instead and returning this to Amazon .
 I ordered two of them one for me and the other for my parents . They arrived fine and there was no issues with amazon 's amazing supply chain management . I wanted to calibrate them together . One was showing a reading of 90/60 and the other one show 105/65 taken within an interval of 5 minutes . I am a normal healthy male with 120/80 . The ones in walmart / publix / target / my doctors office show the correct 120/80 . But this one has such a different reading . I tried them at least 20 times and the closest that I got was 110/68 . In my opinion this is still way too much of deviation and returned both of them . I do n't understand how such a deviation is acceptable for a life saving medical device .
 This unit has received some very good reviews and that is why I bought it but to be frank it is very unreliable and does not work well because of the cuff . My arm is larger than average yet the cuff is too big and poorly designed which results in EE readings and inconsistent readings if you can get it to work . My advice is to avoid this unit .
 I have a smaller version of one of the Omron machines at work that has a cloth cuff and it 's very easy to put on . This version has a very good machine that keeps track of pressure readings for 2 people and keeps track of the readings for several days . The problem is the stiff cuff . It is very hard for one person to put the cuff on by themselves . Once you get your arm in the cuff and attempt to pull the remainder of the cuff around to completely close the cuff , the cuff will start moving if you keep pulling . I had always been told you needed to keep the tube coming out of the cuff , close to the bend in your arm and it 's so hard to do that when you are pulling the remainder of the cuff around your arm . Once I have put my arm in the stiff part of the cuff , I have to put my arm up against the wall to keep it from moving until I have brought the remainder of the cuff around .
 I purchased the Omron HEM-790IT when my doctor recommended it over the Omron wrist model I originally purchased . The wrist model was shown to be inaccurate when checked at the doctors ' office . The HEM-790IT proved very frustrating to use because the cuff fails to inflate properly most of the time . I tried several different positions of my arm to no avail . When trying to take a measurement in the morning immediately after getting up it may take three or four attemps before the machine inflates properly . This absolutely raises your blood pressure so any readings are then meaningless . At least the wrist model allowed you to take an innacurate reading discreetly while at work . The best part of both models is the software for recording and analyzing the inaccurate readings . It is fairly simple but at least it works the way it should , which is more than I can say about the equipment . I would have returned the unit but I purchased it from Amazon and the original packageing , sales slip etc. got trashed before I realized the problems were persistant . Omron was recommended to me as `` one of the best '' but I can not recommend it .
 I bought this item after seeing a favorable report in CR . Compared to the instrument in my doctor 's office the systolic reading was 25 points higher and the diastolic was 24 higher . To add insult to injury , when I returned to to Amazon I lost about 1/2 of the value to return charges . Not recommended .
 We set up this monitor for three readings in a row to test for accuracy . Even under the exact same circumstances , each of the readings was wildly different . We conducted several readings , on different days , at different times of day , and we were still unable to get consistent readings.My doctor suggested Omron , and it looked like the most accurate of monitors . Still , it did n't work for me . Unfortunately , I have had to return it.Based on other reviews , this monitor is considered one of the most accurate , so I do n't know what to do . Maybe it was just my particular monitor that was flawed . I am reluctant , however , to order another .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone especially someone who is closely monitoring their blood pressure . The readings were very inconsistant . When I took it to my doctors office to compare readings the Omron was not even close . The doctor 's reading was 128/74 the Omron was 158/105 . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT . It should be labled as a health hazard .
 The readings were very inconsistent , so I had to return the item . I owned an older model from this company and it worked very well for many years until it became inoperative .
 Have only had this BP monitor for 24 hours & it 's going back to Amazon . Does not give the same reading in a row and everytime it 's wrong . Had blood pressure done by my doctor and it was normal . Used this and I should be on my way to the hospital with very high blood pressure . Do n't trust this device . Shame I thought purchasing the top of the line one on Amazon would get me a great monitor .
 I 've owned this for a year and am sick and tired of fighting the preformed cuff . Eight times out of ten I get errors and have to reset the darn cuff and start over . I 'm totally fed up . I would never buy another BP monitor with such a cuff . It just should n't be such a struggle all the time to take my blood pressure . I bought this model because I liked the idea of downloading the data to my computer . Even that is n't as handy as I thought . Hard to get a print out that 's meaningful to my doctor . He 'd rather I just wrote the numbers down for a couple of weeks and brought those in .
 While the price and features are great on paper , in practice something does n't work right . 50 % of measurements are aborted by an error message , and never reach full cuff inflation . That is exteremely annoying . Unit is sent back for refund , and as much as I wanted to stick with Omron , I have ordered a different vendor instead .
 In side by side comparisons at 3 different doctor 's office visits , this product was 30-40 mm off , on the high side . When I spent $ 18 for to & from postage to the company , they merely returned it and said it was within specifications . I sent it back .
 Look at the ingredients . Mostly Sugar and Water . May as well have a soft drink and take a vitamin pill.I am disgusted with Nestle . They are supposed to be a houshold name.Junk Food , dont buy it
 at first i thought this service was great . I got a case of boost for $ 22 with free shipping . A few weeks later i went online to see when next shipment would be , that 's when i discovered the price hike . They raised the price of the case by $ 18 ! nearly doubling it ! i could n't believe it . I 'm glad i had checked subscription and found this price change . i immediately canceled . Subscription would have been great if it stayed at same price .
 I should have read the ingredients closer -- I assumed a nutritional drink would be healthy . Instead , they put 27 GRAMS OF SUGAR IN EACH BOTTLE ! That 's just not healthy .
 This is incredibly overpriced !!! Walmart sells this product everyday , 12 pack for less than $ 13 and double that is $ 26 . No shipping just drive and pick it up .
 You can get a 12 pack of these at walmart for $ 12 . Or you can go on amazon get 24 for $ 43.68 . You do the math .
 I am always interested in these nutrional drinks like Ensure and now Boost . I look at the ingredients on line and they do n't say they contain a milk protein . I found Boost at Walmart where they said it was located and read the ingredients . All contain Milk Protein . Milk is a toxin to my body , and I wish they would leave this little item out of their product , or make one that does not contain milk . There are many people like me who are allergic to milk . My uncle had throat cancer and lived on Ensure for three years , so I know these nutrional products are good . But they , unfortunately are not for everyone . I wish they were . I would definately try them , and their recipes if they were .
 I really hate anything artificial but since I was given one by a friend who wish me to evaluate it before she orders more for her parents , I did so . I still regret tasting it because my taste buds are so accustomed with natural food substances . I am a fanatic of alternative medicine and would rather drink herbs than go to my doctor . I hate the idea that after drinking medications I will go back and learn I have a new illness . It is surely frustrating.Anyway , I stuck with Gene Eden Vir 101 because of its all natural formulation . I ca n't taste it because it 's in capsule form but if you wish an energy booster aid then it must be Gene Eden . Boost only has boost in its label and maybe in its formulation but considering the taste ... it is simply too synthetic.I have read other reviews and believe that this is not the same taste formulation which they had in the past years . I hope they will return the original taste for the sake of their patrons . Otherwise they will soon run out of business .
 I 've been drinking Boost for years ... had one on the way to work every morning . They recently changed their packaging and taste . First of all , I 'm happy that they finally decided to go with recyclable bottles . What I 'm not happy about is their new taste . I 'm not sure if this new recipe saves them money but in the end , their sales numbers will likely take a hit . I ca n't understand why a company would want to redefine a product that was already great to begin with.I 'll be switching to nestle carnation instant breakfast shakes -LRB- dark chocolate flavor to be specific -RRB- . It 's not quite as good as boost 's old taste but it trumps their new taste . But then again , that is n't too difficult to do . I hope that they come to their sense 's one day and switch back to their previous chocolate taste .
 Not sure if you folks noticed . Boost Chocolate has a new packaging and a ` great new ' taste called `` Rich Chocolate '' to go with it . It is starting to taste close to Chocolate Ensure which I hate since it tastes so artificial - nothing like a chocolate drink . Looks like I will have to look somewhere else for a chocolate energy drink .
 No where on your site do I see where you tell the protein quantity on this . Boost comes in two different protein levels for their 8 oz size . How do I know whether this is a decent price for this product if I do n't know what level of protein it contains ?
 This is a good cane and would get 5 stars from me but it 's impossible to get the instruction packet off the cane without a sharp knife which will either scratch the finish on the cane or cut your hand , or both . I managed to do both . No excuse to attach this packet to the cane with very tight plastic zip ties .
 I guess I should have read the size better . It doesnt extend so you cant reach much . I am returning .
 Lesson learned
 I purchased this color detector for my Mom , who is almost blind . Unfortunately , this product was very `` Hit and Miss '' - sometimes it `` read '' the correct color , often it did not !! Mom needed it to tell the color of her clothes , but I returned it to the manufacturer because I was so displeased with it !!!
 Disappointed with the function of this product . With today 's technology , I expected a lot more . The manufacturer claimed a greter capability . It identifies colors , but not alwys with accuracy . For example , pink is identified as red . On the positive side , I learned the placemats on my table are black/olive green . I think that is right ! Being completely colorblind , I rely on my color-sighted friends for accurate information . In a pinch , the device will be useful ; although , it is almost too large to carry in my purse .
 I bougth this at Walmart for $ 9.90 and it is overpriced even at that price . The products in the pack are el-cheepo stuff , better to go buy individual and get what you want . .
 First of all , my husband purchased these nursing pads because the ones I regularly use were out of stock at our local store . I had my third child 3 weeks ago so my milk flow is rather heavy . I change my nursing pads after every feeding and we go through them quickly . Last night my son slept for 4 hours in a row and the curity pad became saturated . When I nursed him , I noticed that THE BLUE WATERPROOF BACKING PEELED OFF THE NURSING PAD AND WAS ON THE BABY 'S FACE . I have tried to figure out how to contact customer service to tell them about the problem , but there is only an address -- no phone number , website , etc. . I am still hunting for immediate contact information . THESE NURSING PADS CAN BE DANGEROUS IF YOU HAVE HEAVY MILK FLOW . If you have heavy milk flow , I suggested Gerber 's heavy flow nursing pads .
 I 've used the Curity nursing pads because they are the cheapest , but after trying out some others I 'd rather pay the higher price . These pads are uncomfortable and lumpy under clothing . I 've switched to the Gerber Heavy Flow for nighttime and Johnson and Johnson nursing pads for daytime . These are much smoother , less itchy , and more attractive under clothing .
 Like almost everyone else in America , I have used Colgate products extensively . Their products generally perform to expectation , so I always feel good about trying new ones . When I saw this toothbrush on sale recently at my local CVS store , I decided to give it a try . I mean - `` its only a toothbrush '' , right?Oops!Within 4 days , the `` cheek and tongue '' cleaner on the back of the brush , -LRB- on the flip side of the bristles -RRB- , had created an uncomfortable abrasion to the left side of my inner cheek , and was beginning to replicate the injury on the right side . The surface of the cleaner is a rough textured plastic material , and every time I brushed it was creating a painful `` sandpaper '' sensation.I called Colgate 's 800 number , -LRB- luckily I was able to retrieve the packaging from the wastebasket -RRB- and informed them of the problem . I spoke with a couple of people , and they are sending along a coupon for a replacement brush and some discount coupons for other Colgate products.Maybe I brush with too much gusto , maybe I have a sensitive mouth , or maybe there is a problem with this product.I can not recommend this brush .
 You should only get this if you want an enormous red vibrator in your possession . Great for embarrassing someone at a party . I would assume NOT intended for actual use .
 I have owned 3 of these commodes and each of the seats cracked , in the exact same spot , after just a month or two . -LRB- See Pix -RRB- The unit is rated for 300 pounds and I weight 125 . I purchased the Guardian G30211-4H which has a far stronger seat which , I estimate , will last a life-time .
 You should only get this if you want an enormous red vibrator in your possession . Great for embarrassing someone at a party . I would assume NOT intended for actual use .
 Well , I ordered these being a bit foolish since there was no description of their size or count . Traditionally , whatever is shown in the picture is what comes , but that is not the case with this item . These are QUAD CANE TIPS , not standard cane tips . They are 5/8 '' in diameter and come four -LRB- 4 -RRB- to a package . Great deal for the price , but not what you are looking for if you care to use it for a traditional cane .
 this item is ok if you 've never used these kinds of things before and for the price not too bad to start with i guess ... i was just very disappointed everything in it was cheaply made and even worse my kit was missing items , oh and the dua tone balls are huge !
 It was a great toothbrush , but the battery died a month after I got it . I 'd recommend getting a rechargeable toothbrush - it 'll pay for itself .
 this was the least palatable ascorbic acid yetand i will not buy it again , bioflavanoids or not.i finally had to use vanilla stevia liquid dropsto cover the taste to drink it . i thought i 'd neveruse up the huge jar ! the plain AA ismuch better and tastes more natural , the bufferedis palatable too , just salty of course .
 While these are labeled as `` mini-tabs '' they are the exact same size as my once a day daily vitamin . Also , 5 pills is a serving size to reach 100 % daily calcium.So the choice is yours ... fewer larger pills of 5 of these .
 I got these for my kids , but they were so horrible that each of us only ate one and then went out and just bought gummies at the store . Yuck !
 These are huge , oversweetened , chalk-like wafers , with a bit of cocoa added.Granted , calcium is chalky , but there are two potential improvements :1 . Reduce the sweetness .2 . Put some good fat in them . Chocolate has to contain fat to taste any good .
 I purchased this shower chair because my back pain makes it difficult for me to stand in the shower or get in and out of the tub . I was pleased with it at first , but then one day I heard a loud crack while I was sitting on it and the legs began to bow inward . I am by no means near the 400lb weight limit it is supposed to have . I can see no visible cracks in the chair , but the legs continue to bow when anyone sits on it . Because it was still under warranty , I called the manufacturer , but they simply referred me back to the seller . I would have thought they would have been interested in examining the chair themselves to find out why it had failed .
 Base is extremely lightweight . Whenever you want to pick this sucker up you have to either hold the base down or wedge it against your vanity w/your foot as you lift up or you 're going to get the base every time . Also , do n't pick white . I could n't replace this thing fast enough . Eventually found a base w/sea shells & water & such in it at the hardware store . Sexy . The brush now resides in that . The brush is a brush . Tough on poops . The caddy , well just order one w/a better base .
 although this toothbrush was fine and worked well as a general toothbrush - I had been looking for and was told that I had purchased a specific toothbrush from the Oral-B line of toothbrushes . ** this was not the exact one I was searching for and so I was disappointed in the purchase.When I called the seller customer service - they did not even know that there was a difference between the items sent and the items requested / promised to have someone follow up - and did notI was disappointed in the representation of one thing as another - and the lack of customer service to rectify the problem . I used these items as I really did not have a choice - but was not happy with the overall experience .
 This is by far , the worst blade I 've ever used !!! I purchased this blade from a vendor in Atlanta . I was so excited because the 0A was the `` in between '' blade I was missing . Anyway , open the thing , sprayed it , attached it to my Oster Classic 76 Blades and that 's when all Hell Broke Loose ! I 'd never heard my husband scream , , , EVER ! It pulled , cut and tore into his scalp !! It does n't glide across the scalp like other blades!I then took the blade and slid it accross the back of my hand and it cut my skin pretty bad ! It was n't a smooth transition at all.I know it 's the inn thing to have `` ION '' everything but some things just need to be left alone ! Something about that `` new '' AgION blade . The so called `` Modified '' part of it should have never been added.I 'd buy the origianl 0A blade over this one any day ! This review has nothing to do with the SELLER-JUST THE NEW AgION MODIFIED BLADES !!
 These taste terrible ! The texture is dry and chalky . You would think for a bar that dry it would contain more protein . Other bars containing the same supplements taste better and have a smoother texture . I would not recommend this product to my friends or family because there are better protein bars that are much tastier and not so dry .
 This is a great product . However , the subscription process on Amazon leaves some to be desired.I love the concept and am trying it once again even after saying `` Never again '' over trying toget the subscription for this product cancelled . ... for months ... and then getting a forcedpurchase - delivery that I found out about by seeing the charge show up in my online bankstatement and a few days later on my door step . Automated shopping is supposed to be EASIER.Having to repeatedly address this sort of snafu is what sends many shoppers back to thebricks/mortar stores .
 These did n't really taste the way I expected and I did n't care for them . I like peanut butter and chocolate chips , but I just did n't like them together . My son and husband both loved them , so I guess it 's your preference . Maybe I will try a different flavor because I need all the energy I can get .
 Why there was USD 15 postage shortfall that needed to pay upon arrival on the items I purchased at the same time , which was not notified when PO placed ? Felt like a cheating game and will have to accept by paying the extra USD 15 .
 I would n't recommend this product to a friend because it really does n't taste that good . The bars were edible , but I had to force myself to eat it . I did n't feel energized after eating it , even though it 's supposed to be an energy bar . I would n't purchase this product .
 I was a little disappointed in the taste , I felt it had an aftertaste . I love some of the other ones just not this one .
 these are absolutely delicious , but I ordered this item and the one i got was this item but it was the old wrapper and the expiration date was only like five months away . I mean I did n't mind so much that the wrapper was old , but the fact that the bars themselves were actually old . Usually when I buy these bars in the local drugstore , they do n't expire for a least another year or more .
 I put TRUE LOVE on in the morning around 7am and by 10 it is gone.I have bought this at the PX and it last all day . TRUE LOVE by Elizabeth Arden EDT SPRAY 3.3 OZ for WOMEN . I thinking it is watered down .
 This not a strong scent . I mean you can barely smell it . I would like more if the scent lasted longer than 5 mins .
 The impression given in all the details on the product page indicates that this is pure flax seed oil . In fact , it contains a number of oils , and while flax seed is said to be the main ingredient , those other oils are not what I was intending to pay for . In fact , for my purposes , the alleged anti-oxidant effects of the other oils get in the way with what I purchased this oil for -LRB- cast iron seasoning -RRB- . I did n't realize this until after I opened the package , otherwise I would have returned it .
 I take flax seed oil , and when the local supermarket stopped selling it , I was happy to find it on Amazon . But I find this brand of oil gives me bad gas when I take it , which I believe is due to the oil being bad . I bought two bottles which I do n't know what I am going to do with , hate to throw them away .
 This is the second time purchasing this product . Figured it was a good price , so bought it again . I am so very disapointed . Yes organic , but NOT pure flaxseed oil . The web site does not list all the ingredients . Look on the label ... . I am alergic to soy !!! I figured it was just the change in season , reason for not feeling right . It 's the SOY !!! I am returning this product . Please list all the ingredients that are contained in your product , so that others will not have similar fate , as I.
 Apparently this flax seed oil was not kept under refrigeration at some point . A real no , no for flax seed . It is still within the expiration date but unfit to use because it is quite bitter . Because of heavy weight & cost to ship back , did n't send it back . A total loss .
 I heard great things about this product which I still continue to believe . But I also heard a recommendation to put it into your protein shake , NO ! Horrible idea ! This stuff tastes DISGUSTING in anything ! I believe it 's healthy , but I have to take it like a shot with a tablespoon like medication .
 I bought this product at a local lighting store after reading the reviews here . I HATE cleaning my chandelier by hand . My wifey warned me not to buy it , but it 's so cool looking when it 's clean . Now I suffer twice a year . I was mentally prepared for this product to not perform , and I would have to say it was n't ideal . My chandelier has 300 globe crystal prisms and 400 teeny-weeny ones strung like chain with gold clasps . So you see why I just had to try something else . Anyway , the store I bought it in that sells chandeliers told me they do n't use the product . I asked why . They said it was n't quite good enough for them . So , I went home , laid out my plastic with towels on top , covered the bulb sockets with the cut off fingers of nitrile gloves , and sprayed from bottom-to-top & back down as the directions say . The crystals on the bottom half were passable , but the top half was unacceptable . I got out the spray bottle & did it again , this time concentrating the spray at the dirty ones up top . I could see that the grunge was n't going to come off , so I got out a roll of paper towels & hand-wiped all 300 globes while they hung on the lamp . Yeah , they 're sorta clean now , but I have all those little dudes that are n't quite where I want them to be . I did notice early on as I was wiping that the cleaner that got on my hands dried into a sticky film , so it 's safe to assume the same film is left behind on the crystals . I can easily see how this cleaner can do a passable job on certain kinds of chandeliers , ones that are up high & farther away from discerning eyes , and ones that do n't have a large number of facets like mine to make the rainbow effect . But it just does n't cut it on crystals with large numbers of facets that require exceptional clarity to sparkle brilliantly.It 's 2 hours later now , I just got all the bulbs installed , turned them on , and can see that the residue left by this cleaner prevents the high intensity sparkle/prismatic effect . After all that work I just went through I can say I 'm not pleased with the results . One thing I wish I 'd thought of was to spray rinse the chandelier with distilled water to get off the cleaner residue . I really want to give this a chance , I really do.Something that 's entered my mind is that the spray concept is really good . When I do my prisms by hand I usually use 100 % denatured alcohol , and that is an awesome cleaner . The dirt & film fall off quickly and it dries within 10 seconds or so to absolutely perfect brilliance . The problem is spraying it liberally inside one 's home is a good way to make a lot-sized crater where your house used to be , not to mention the toxic fumes you 'd be breathing . There 's got to be a way ... I just did a side-by side comparison of Sparkle Plenty with a standard , well-known , non-ammonia glass cleaner . I sprayed the well-known cleaner on , let it drip off , then rinsed with water , and did the same with Sparkle Plenty . The crystal treated with the well known brand was brilliant & flawless . Not so with this cleaner - it had smudges & a dull film . So there you have it . I know what I 'm going to clean my chandelier with next time I do this .
 Will make this short ... product finally arrived -LRB- not typical Amazon vendors fast service , -RRB- and bottles were empty . The product had leaked out . Thanks Amazon however making sure a full refund was given .
 I had this before . but this bottle smells differently and I can not take it at all !
 I 'm a med student . this scope is NOT as good as the littman cardio III.I listened to both of them for nearly an hour , and also had friends who knew nothing about stethoscopes listen to them . We ALL agreed that the cardio III was much louder and clearer . This scope is also heavier than the littman , with obnoxiously thick tubing . I wish i could have tried the other ADC scopes , but the 601 is NOT the way to go . So , there is a reason why all your colleagues own the 3M scopes ... In summary , this is half the price of a littman , but only half as loud , and half as clear.Yes , i returned it , and ordered the littman a few hours later.Hope this helps
 I 've been a loyal user of Reach tooth brushes since they came out . At first I found them to be the top quality out there that did the best job . Over the years they kept adding gimmicks - short head , different length bristles , fanciness to the handle , etc. . Even so , it seemed I could always find one that did the job.This last time I ordered what I thought to be the old stand by but not so . What arrived had what I believe were intended to be ergonomic improvements in the handle in the form of twisting , bulging , and narrowing which just made the tooth brush difficult and uncomfortable to hold . Good thing I do n't have arthritis.The `` bristles '' were a thick , rubbery plastic , of differing lengths not unlike a silicon kitchen basting brush . I was reminded even more of a basting brush as I attempted to clean my teeth.The thick plastic bristles did n't connect well with my teeth and regardless of length of brushing time , brushing technique , or use of pre-wash to loosen plaque , my teeth still felt filmy and my mouth just did not feel clean . The whole experience was like pushing a squeegee around in my mouth.These guys have innovated themselves out of a great product . I finally gave up and opted for a sonic toothbrush that does have real bristles and leaves my mouth feeling fresh and thoroughly clean.Bummer . Someone is asleep at the wheel when it come to design and focus groups on customer experience .
 I bought this in spite of reviews because it was the same company that made my walker . Not only did it not fit , it broke when I put it back in the package to return .
 Basket did not securely fit onto walker frame , when I tried to bend the hook welded to the center of the basket as pictured , the weld broke .
 This sounded like a great idea over the metal baskets , but was not . The plastic pieces that snap together to hold the bag open are not secure and come apart if you even touch it , let alone take things in and out of the basket . I was going to buy a wire basket for Mom , but the maintenance man at her facility finally crammed it on backwards and while it is still always collapsed -LRB- we do n't even bother trying to fix anymore -RRB- it is at least stable and collapsed which allows her to carry around her few small items . Ca n't imagine this ever passed any quality inspections - what were they thinking with such a poor design ?
 I have purchased four of these over the last 4-5 years for my Dad , the last one I got was broken when I received it , the replacement had missing velcro so the top wo n't stay on.The quality of the basket has gone down . I am looking for a replacement to this product .
 I bought this basket to replace a cloth pouch my mother had sewn for me which hung straight down from the center crossbar , as the pouch had seen heavy wear and was ready to be retired . -LRB- I had never had a basket attached to my walker that stuck out the front . -RRB- The attachment mechanism is not the best , either . The are mere sprung hooks , which come off easily with any sort of rough treatment -LRB- putting it in the car , for example -RRB- . It would have been better for it to have something that wraps around the bars that make up the walker , thus securing it.The walker had a definite tendency to tip over forward if left unattended with any kind of load in the basket -LRB- two bottled waters , even -RRB- . This led to its eventual downfall -LRB- literally -RRB- , as one of the pieces attaching it to the walker broke off , rendering it useless . And having the load that far forward of the your center of mass when walking multiplies the strength needed to lift it , if that is a concern.Now I 'm back to the homemade one , I guess , repairing it as necessary until it falls completely apart . I definitely wo n't buy a basket that attaches to the front .
 At first I loved it , but I soon discovered that it fell apart . I should have returned it but I was busy and time got away from me . One the the side brackets , that keep it in place , came off and I never did find it . I would not have been able to fix it as it tore a hole in the fabric which made it useless . Would I recommend this product , absolutly not !!
 I have purchased this product a few times , and I am very happy with this products results , it does n't cure a UTI , but it does help with the pain . Beware of this seller , as I paid the extra money to have this product shipped within 3 days , and it actually took 8 days , and after numerous emails to the seller , I never received a response ...
 Would give Direct Super Center zero stars if it was possible . Ordered this item 18 days ago and still have n't received it . Also did n't receive any receipt or communication from them regarding the status . Called their customer service last week to find out the status and was told it is on back order . The representative did n't even offer when it would be back in stock , so I had to ask . I told her my other item should ship separately at no additional charge since they did n't communicate with me so I could make other choices . She said they ca n't ship separately . It 's not ca n't , it 's wo n't - it 's Direct Super Center 's policy . Obviously w / a UTI , it 's pretty urgent to be able to use this product asap . The status of the product on Amazon the entire time has said `` In stock '' . The products ordered from this company through Amazon also do n't show up on my Amazon account in the orders section , so made it more difficult to find the information . Will never order from this company again .
 Bought clear tract from another vendor couple months ago as for the 1st time I got UTI -LRB- Dang , I 'm getting old ! -RRB- . I went to the doctor as well , so I took clear tract after medicines from the doctor finished . I want to make sure this stubborn UTI wo n't coming back and I do n't have to get back to the doctor for 2nd antibiotics . You know how antibiotics works to your body , right ? So , I was in searching to any natural sources and gave clear tract a try . I took this for a week or so and did n't find the different . I guess clear tract is n't for me . I believe our body works differently . I do not hate clear tract , I gave 1 star as it did n't work for me . I keep searching and read that ` PROBIOTIC ' may help.I gave ` PROBIOTIC ' a try . I thought , what to lose , I have UTI already and clear tract did n't help -LRB- arrrrggghhh !!! -RRB- . 1st day taking probiotic , my stomach was bloating though from what I read it is normal . I keep consume them . I took 2 capsules/day after meals . On the 2nd day , OMG ! Praise the lord , I feel so much better and no longer bloating . I keep having them for 2 weeks and those UTI 's symptoms gone . I did still feel ` mild ' symptoms after finished up medicines from the doctor , FYI . It has been 3 months and -LRB- knock on the woods -RRB- I have no UTI anymore . Praise to the Lord . I keep consuming probiotic for maintenance -LRB- Man , I do sound like building manager :D -RRB- . I reduce my dosage from 2capsules to 1 capsule/day after meal . At this point I notice that my eczema clearing out as well . I have allergic to bleach , chemicals or synthetics materials . My hubby gave Probiotic a try as well after seeing what it does to me . He take only 1 capsule/day after meal for Psoriasis and notice the difference after a week . I hope this will help anyone with the same conditions like us . I remember when I got UTI at the 1st time , it was really disturbing . Not only cost lots of money but also cost me mentally exhaustion . My Eczema worsen when I stress . I guess Probiotic restoring my immune system . PS
 OK , I have been buying this product for 9 years and love itwas surprised to find it on amazon but very pleased as it seemed less $ I ordered but it never camehad to make 2 phone calls around Xmas time and was told to contact the vendorthen out of the blue it arrived about a week after xmas
 I bought this sphygmomanometer after the stellar reviews I 'd read here . I 'm a nursing student and just wanted something to practice with at home , and also to be able to more accurately test ailing family members who check their BP at home -LRB- and myself during pregnancy ; I 'm highly predisposed to preeclampsia -RRB- . It 's pretty and it seems to fit well , but that 's about it . I think there may actually be something wrong with my particular cuff . The first thing I noticed was that even with the valve on the bulb completely closed , air still steadily releases from the cuff , making it impossible to properly control the air release . Because of this I ca n't properly pinpoint the systolic BP and the diastolic measurements I 've been getting are so high they ca n't possibly accurate . I thought at first that I just did n't have it tight enough , but I tried it on multiple people and I 've had no trouble with other cuffs .
 This may be an adult sphygmomanometer , but it is for a small person . This does not fit my husband , for which it was bought for . He needs a large . This does us no good .
 I tried the ORAC Energy Greens -LRB- another brand -RRB- in the plastic container and in the plastic little on the go packets - when I take the on the go packets , I feel great . When I take from the plastic container , I do n't feel anything ? The same with this Micro Greens mix -- I do n't seem to notice a difference in my energy or mental acuity or feelings ? Also the taste is worse than ORAC Energy greens bc it 's kind of sweet and minty rather than just being a bland greens taste which is much more palatable . So far , I 'm compelled to go back to the ORAC greens packets . I 've heard Ormus Greens by Sun Warrior are very good too ?
 The photo shows Miracle greens so I used that as a reference hoping that 's what I would get . . But as it is written , I received Micro greens instead . Of course this will do , but I much prefer the flavor of Miracle greens over Micro .
 I received this great product in a timely manner except when I opended it , the inner seal was broken , some of the product had spilled out and I could not trust its freshness . I got a label for return from the sender but I never got credit for the product yet.Can you help .
 While I think this is a high quality product and tastes great , it 's too strong for me and I experienced reactions to it . For one , my hands and feet felt really cold the days I took it and looked extremely pale . I suspect it is from the horsetail which SHOULD NOT BE CONSUMED by those with circulatory problems such as Raynaud 's or heart issues . This product is labeled `` stimulant-free '' . Horsetail is used for its silicon content , but contains none other than nicotine which IS a stimulant and constricts blood vessels . Absorption is increased by the inclusion of yucca , which acts as a surfactant . I ca n't help but wonder if the nicotine is causing some reviewers to claim that they `` crave '' this product . I hope to exchange it and get Miracle Reds . I have written the developers of this product about it , because I think the horsetail could be replaced by better and safer sources of silicon , like bamboo or oatstraw .
 What an overpriced disappointment . All I taste is excess sweetness from Stevia . Why are almost all green formulas sweetened ? Either you want the greens or not , but do n't change the taste with a sweetener.It 's also loaded with Lecithin , an inexpensive soy by-product used as a filler and promoted as something good ... . it 's not.The only greens formula I know without sweeteners and fillers is Garden of Life Perfect Food , the Original Formula . Better yet , make your own green powders from Barley or Wheat grass , Chlorella , Spirulina , and Alfalfa powder from NOW Foods .
 We could n't force ourselves to drink this . It literally gagged us every time we tried , no matter how we tried it .
 The basket did not come with Velcro fasteners . I gave it to a charitable organization and bought one locally .
 Basket arrived . . but without velcro straps , no clear tray at the bottom , and no drinks holder . We used plastic ties to hold it on to the walker but it looks pretty tacky ! Shopping again for another one .
 the picture showed the basket attached to a walker . i assumed that meant the ` attachments '' came with the basket !! I could have gone to the hardware store and bought just a plain basket . do n't waste your time ordering this and waiting for it to arrive . just buy a plain basket from a hardware store and save time and shipping .
 I used Now Foods Spirulina during 2012 after using Nutrex Hawaii Pure Hawaiian Spirulina and found no real difference in taste.So end of DEC 2012 I bought 2 more bottles from Amazon and opened one up yesterday and found the smell to be very odd . It actually smells like `` doggie treats '' -- no joke . Also the color is a much darker green than before.Luckily I had the old bottle so I did a little comparison and found the old bottle shows `` Grown in Hawaii '' on it and the new bottle does not say anything about where it was grown.Also the new bottle says `` This natural product may have variations in color and odor . '' The old Grown in Hawaii bottle does not say this so Now Foods must know that the smell and color is quite different from before.I must say I did n't even eat any tablets because it just smells awful and the smell is really strong and persistent -- not like before when the smell was mild . Unfortunately these are going into the trash .
 Guess these little critters do different things to different people . The first week I was normal . Had n't been normal in a long , long time . But then things took a turn for the worst . Stopped me up like a glolf ball in a garden hose . As soon as I stopped I was back to my old self . No extremes either way . But at least I was GOING a few times a week . While on this product I was goin once or twice a week . Ugh ! May be worth a try . Not too expensive . You may have better results .
 I am a huge fan of the NOW adam and Arginine and tribulus by NOW but this product came smelling wrotten and I tried it for two weeks until i realized that the bad after taste I was getting in my mouth every day was from me consuming this stuff . When I discontinued taking this product the after taste in my mouth that was there all day was completely gone . So either this was a bad product or it was rotten and rancid .
 When I took these pills , they made me feel light headed and &#34; out of it . &#34; I found it hard to focus even on menial things like having a conversation with people . No matter how beneficial these might be , the side effects are nt worth it .
 I have eaten many brands of spirulina for many years . All of them taste and smell like the sea . This brand of spirulina tastes and smells like a pig farm , and that is no exaggeration . I bought two bottles and both are the same . It is manufactured in India , probably far from the sea , so this explains it . I would never buy this brand again , and will chuck the product away as soon as I have ordered a different brand to replace it .
 My son and I used to buy NOW Spirulina tablets and chew them up like candy . They had a pure , agreeable taste and we both loved them . It has been awhile since I purchased a bottle and I went to Amazon and purchased the NOW Certified Organic Spirulina 500 mg 180 Tablets . When the bottle arrived I opened it up and immediately noticed a `` off '' smell coming from the bottle . Thinking the tablets would taste fine , I popped one in my mouth and it was VILE ! It tastes like the most backwater pond scum sitting next to a poultry plant . There is no way that my son would ever eat these , and I certainly ca n't ! I searched some other Amazon reviews , and apparently what has happened is that NOW used to source their spirulina from Hawaii , but now gets it from India . This apparently accounts for the bad taste . So disappointing . I 'll have to find a differently source of spirulina for me and my little guy .
 The description does n't tell you that you have to take 6 of these a day , 3 twice a day . Thought it was a good deal for the price but apparently you need the giant containers to keep up with the amount . Spirulina is a great product , many health benefits , but i 'm not taking a total of 7 pills a day -LRB- 6 spirulina + multivitamin -RRB- . Trying a different brand next time .
 Received walker as promised . Product was defective - right arm did not lock in place . Unsafe for my mother to use . Back it went .
 It only holds a charge for 5 minutes which is about enough time to clean up two spots or so . It is good to keep on hand for a quick clean up of a small spill but that is about it .
 I bought this Bissell and after a few uses , maybe five , it stopped either taking a charge or working altogether . It 's a hunk of junk . I would never buy Bissell . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This is made of cheap plastic that crumbles apart after a short amount of time . It leaks and blows dirty water out of the air vents on the sides . This is a piece of junk - do not buy . The Dirt Devil version of this is much much better .
 i got this item about two years ago . i have a dog that is n't quite house trained . a couple of months into it , the machine started to leak . it is hard to clean after using it also . i should have spend more money for a better machine .
 This cleaner is a piece of trasH!No suction at all , spray is weird ... absolutely does not work !
 I had ordered this `` Deep Cleaner '' , it did not do any better than when I use a brush and a soap water myself . It can not absorb all the water from the carpet becaue it is not powerful enough and leaks occassionally.I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The battery is too weak and it can power the machine for 8 minutes -LRB- first time w / 24 hours fully charged -RRB- . Since it is made of NiCd , the performance will be worse after several uses . Furthermore , the motor is too weak to get the water in . According to my experience , it will take back around 30 % of the water . I do n't recommend this machine unless you got it with a really good deal .
 This walker does not feel stable when you use it . It is awkward . I would not recommend it for any use .
 I found the Carex Dual Paddle Folding Walker with 5 '' wheels and Glides difficult to maneuver on sidewalks . It was okay in the home , but the glides did not `` glide '' on concrete , causing me to become extremely fatigued in the extra effort required to push the walker .
 I first tried to replace the NiCd battery with the new Metalhyride battery since they have a much larger current storage capacity . It turns out that the MH batteries tend to leak current so their voltage will drop steadily even without use . I then decided to replace the original NiCd battery with this one from Amazon.com -LRB- supposed to be exactly like the original one in my Norelco shaver -RRB- . The battery turns out to last at most 14 shaves -LRB- ie two week -RRB- rather than the over 20 shaves I used to get from the original battery . After several charges I am getting only 10 shaves per charge . If this number drops further I would throw away the shaver . If I had known earlier that the replacement batteries are so much inferior to the original ones I would have bought a new shaver .
 I purchased this `` wand '' at my local grocery store before I left for an extended stay overseas , as a way of keeping my beard trimmed without having to use a bulky electric shaver and deal with voltage differences . I know what you 're saying . `` But this is the Noxzema Face & Body Shaving Wand , designed for women ! You 're using it improperly ! '' No my friend , no I 'm not . I did a direct comparison with the `` Old Spice '' version next to it , ostensibly for men , made by the same manufacturers but red in color . They are the same product in every way except name and paint . Same packaging , same blurbs , same `` attachment . '' I bought the Noxzema version because it felt uncomfortable to be so blatantly marketed to , as though the genders ca n't tell the difference in a product and blindly buy what the manufacturer tells them is for their sex , their actual needs ignored but wants pacified by the two versions . The blue one was also more attractive.To move on , this is the crappiest thing I own . The annoyance of it 's pitiful mosquito buzz sound is exceeded only by the percentage of hairs it grabs onto in an attempt to pull them out of my face . It would be one thing if the attempt succeeded , as getting the hairs out of my face is what I want , but no , it is too weak even for that . What happens is that it awkwardly bites on a hair and yanks it , but then it stops working and clings to my face like a pomeranian stubbornly biting a pant leg . It then causes more excruciating pain to pull off of my neck , sometimes with the hair , sometimes not . I do n't have unusually thick facial hair . I think its blades might be made out of aluminum foil , or hate . I 've tried oiling it , replacing the battery , etc - no improvement . I feel so strongly about this thing , my weekly nemesis , that it has caused my to write my first Amazon review . Please heed my advice and do not purchase the `` Noxzema Face & Body Shaving Wand . ''
 I changed my review from 5 stars to just 2 - the reason ? I had one which was awesome , it was made in Italy , these brushes are made in China ; the bristles are nice , but the handle!it 's almost square , painful to hold , there is no curvature to it making it very awkward to brush . Shame on Swisco for cheapening the design .
 Found out way too late that there is a Bunga Skater 's Kit -LRB- 2pcs x 2.5 '' gel discs , 2pcs x 5 '' ankle sleeves and 1pc x aluminum style BungaBox -RRB- s for about $ 43 - $ 45 , while this ONE ankle sleeve I purchased from Trader Jay trough Amazon cost me with shipping almost $ 20 . I had to place another order so I do n't loose money for the shipping . The ankle sleeve is great to have it , but the price is just not right . Trader Jay advertise `` Bunga PadS '' - making us believe there are 2 not one pad , but just so you know , you are getting just one - SCAM
 I found this shaving gel to offer a very lush lather , a good smell and overall good value for the money.However , the pressure under which said gel is contained is excessive . Please be careful to press * very , VERY * lightly on the dispenser button when dispensing gel.Indeed , on first use I instinctively applied the same pressure on the nozzle as I 've been doing with Gillette gels , Barbasol gels , etc. . To my great surprise , the gel not only landed in my hand , but * ricocheted * off the hand and all over my face ! Some of it even landed on the ceiling !?!! If this pressurization was done on purpose , perhaps to shorten the lifespan of the product -LRB- planned obsolescence -RRB- , I would find it quite shameful on the part of Johnson & Johnson.Final note
 I though the lotion and shower/shave gel was better . Did leave my skin softer than other shaving creams it just did n't really impress me for the price of it . Buy the shower/shave gel it is better for shaving I think .
 It Barely Removes The Hair Plus It Comes In A Small Round Tube . It Isnt Worth The Money Yall
 I tried . I 'm a died in the wool , only-compact-flourescents-in-my-house , drive-a-hybrid eco-nut . But this brush leaves bristles in my mouth . Do n't know if they skimped on glue ... or what . But this is n't up to the quality of my ReNew toothbrush . I wanted to love this , too . : -LRB-
 Supports my spine , enables me to sit in the proper position very comfortably , virtually effortlessly . I can also do TA -LRB- abdominal -RRB- exercises while sitting , shift in my seat effortlessly , and keep my feet on the floor . It arrived rapidly , was easy to unpack , and was inflated at the perfect level for me . I am so pleased that i am purchasing another one . Wish that I had known about this sooner . Addendum
 Unfortunately , after only a few days of having the product and my son sitting on it , it cracked and can no longer be inflated . I am an OT and have used move n sit seats year after year in school settings without wear and you would have thought we ran this over with the car ! I do n't know if mine was just defective , but I will be contacting the company .
 prior issues of this product were made of what appeared as a soft rubber base that was supple and cushy . This one is made of a harder plastic composition and is reinforced by a hard back - these two qualities make it less fluid when you sit on it . The fluidity is what i had hoped to purchase .
 DO NOT USE THIS SELLERI purchased a Cando vesicular wedge for my special needs child who finds it difficult to sit still . The item arrived defective and would not stay inflated . Despite leaving messages and emails with the seller they would not return my phone calls or answer my emails.I am sure if your product is of good quality you will be happy but to take the risk of getting something defective and being ignored and not getting your money back is despicable .
 Received walker as promised . Product was defective - right arm did not lock in place . Unsafe for my mother to use . Back it went .
 These crutch tips do n't last long . They start breaking up with in days .
 these are not my favorite crutches . the underarm pads are made of a type of rubber that graps a hold of whatever shirt or jacket you are wearing making it very difficult to get the damn things under your arms where they are meant to be . the grips are made of the same material but they do n't use enough of the material , in other words , very thin . My palms are so sore that it 's almost impossible to grip them in the morning when I wake up.These crutches are very heavy . It 's not something that you notice if you are using them for a short time . Unfortunately for me I have to use crutches for 8 weeks . In a very short time I found them to be heavy when compared to the crutches I was using previously.This pair of crutches was meant to replace the borrowed pair . The underarm pad material was smoother , the grips much thicker , and they were much lighter.Replacement pads for theses crutches cost almost as much as a new set of crutches.Skip these . Get a pair made by Sunmark , the brand of the crutches that I borrowed and the brand I 'll be looking for as soon as I get done writing this review .
 I would not recommend these crutches if you need to use them for longer than 3 months . The rubber in the pads soon starts to wear leaving annoying pieces of rubber on your clothes and hands . The top pads also soon ripped due the plastic frame being curved . They are fine if you just need them for a couple of weeks . For longer term use I would go with a higher quality brand .
 This is a review of the company more then the product . I only had the product for about an hour and sent it back . I sent it back in the original box using the return slip provided , noting that my order was less then the $ 50 order that would have required setting up a return with them . 6 weeks later I email customer service with this line in the email : `` The order was less then your minimum for requiring a return order so I just shipped it back with an explanation . Please let me know the status of my refund . `` This was their reply
 I ordered the Tracer and it arrived without the leg rest . After several calls and the `` run around '' they did send them . The Tracer is NOT as advertised . I would NOT buy from this seller ever again . BEWARE the Tracer is not at all like the photo .
 Product performed as expected and was easy to assemble and use . Legs and fasteners are not made of stainless steel and legs have adjustment holes which allow water to enter . In less than 6 months the rust had eaten through the inside of the legs so it was unusable . I had dumped the water out of each leg after each shower , but it still rusted .
 The rated weight is 350 lbs . The person using it is 270 lbs . I imagine that the weight rated is static weight without any movement . The person using it slid over as per instructions and then leaned forward for the shampoo . At the point , two of the adjustable legs popped out causing them fall into the tub with injures . It took a 911 call to extract them from the tub.Change the maximum weight to 200 lbs and I would go four stars .
 I just received this wheelchair yesterday.The one star rating is because of the weight of the chair.Be careful about the listed weight of the wheelchair if you are transporting it in a vehicle or need to lift it for any reason . It is listed as 38 pounds but it is really 58 pounds . It is much heavier and can be harder for some people to lift .
 This chair was advertised at 38 lbs. , but is much heavier than that . One &#34; able-bodied &#34; person can not lift it into my vehicle . It was even difficult for 2 people to lift it , so I am unable to take it anywhere . Purchased this one over two other ones that said they weighed close to 100 lbs . because I needed something light in weight . However , I would guess that this one probably weighs closer to 100 lbs as well . It is basically unusable to me if I ca n't take it anywhere as I do n't need a wheelchair in my house . The wheelchair itself is comfortable , but it does n't do me any good if I ca n't take it anywhere with me . I am in the process of trying to return it to ProChoice Medical , but they have not responded to my email or Amazon 's email on my behalf .
 The transfer bench in the picture is not the transfer bench they send you . The outside crossbar is no longer on this product . Carex is cutting corners . The transfer bench you receive will not last as long as the previous -LRB- pictured -RRB- model . This transfer bench will wiggle and shake during transfers before long without that bar . It is a shame a company has a solid , durable product and streamlines it to save money on production . Disappointing .
 we recived the wheelchair only to find that one of the wheels was warped. , it took three phone calls to be able to talk to someone . the first time we left a phone massage . the second call , the wheelchair expert was not in again no call back . the third time we talked to a very nice person who sent us a replacement unit . she promised to send us labels to return the defective unit . to date we have heard nothing . when we received the second wheelchair , it had a users handbook and a warranty card . from that we can only assume that first unit had been previously sent to someone and returned because of the defect
 We tried this pad cover and found that it cushioned the vibrations so much that I could not feel it . I need a lot of vibration from a massager in order to unlock my leg muscles . If you are a delicate person , and can only tolerate a little vibration , then this pad may be of use , otherwise I expect that I may never see this pad out of the box again .
 I am surprised that sheepskin can be rough - but this is too rough on my bare skin . And that was the reason I purchased it - because I thought it would make the Jeanie Rub nicer on bare skin . It does not do that for me . I am not sure if it is washable . If it is - perhaps that would soften it up . It does fit the Jeanie Rub nicely , but as delivered , it is getting no use in our home . Disappointing .
 I bought several products in this line . All of them were too salty . I love salt but we could n't tone down the strong spice flavor to enjoy what we were eating .
 I thought I was ordering oil specifically for indoor teak furniture . I have vintage pieces bought in Europe and this was listed as teak oil which I am afraid to use on my furniture .
 Under the manufacturer 's description it clearly states that this product does not contain petroleum distillates , however once I received the product it clearly states on the label under `` Danger '' that it does contain petroleum distillates . False advertising !! I would n't have purchased this product if they disclosed this information in the manufacturer 's description instead of misleading potential customers into believing otherwise .
 I got 2 of Bootsy Studded Glasses yesterday ... One of them was broken during the delivery.Because the paper in the box even didnt cover the 2 glasses.Those were for my friends , soCould I get a new one ? or I could get the refund ?? I already took pics of them if you wan na see ...
 I ordered this product for it 's style and cost . I have a slight texture on my bathtub and the suction cups did not stick AT ALL . The mat also had a strong vinyl smell ; more than usual . I aired it out in the garage for a week before bringing it into the house . It continued to smell after a week of usage . My family complained so I ended up putting it outside . I hate to throw it away , but not sure what else to do . Really disappointed .
 There is a reason why this razor is priced so low
 After 3 months , this thing quit charging . Plus the shave is so bad that when I tried to get a smooth shave , I had to press so hard that I got cut -- with an electric shaver !!! ` Nuff said .
 It hurt my face , and there were `` missed spots '' left over no matter how I applied the razor -LRB- or how many times I went back over the spots -RRB- . Mine may have been defective , but I have yet to be more disappointed in a product .
 Very shoddy . A 1/4 inch gap in the foil ripped open on one side of the head within 15 seconds my first time using it , exposing the blades quite nicely . Caveat emptor ! You get what you pay for here , folks .
 This feels like a heavy duty product , but it would n't fit the 5.5 '' side of the tub . You could n't get the pads to come even close to full contact with the side of the tub , so the unit slips side to side and back and forth . Even with the product dimensions shown of 7.8 x 6.2 x 20.5 , it could n't be adjusted to fit . Even if it had fit , I 'm not sure that the vertical orientation of the adjusting bolt is as effective as the ones on the side . But I could be wrong about that . Others seem to be satisfied with it.Another rail that we tried , the ` AquaSense Bathtub Safety Rail with Steel Construction ' is in my opinion a superior product . It 's heavy duty , finished well , holds tight and has the capacity to fit an even wider tub.We also tried the ` AquaSense Multi adjust Rail ' which provides for adjustment of both the height and orientation -LRB- perpendicular or parallel to the tub side -RRB- , but there is some play in the vertical rail at the adjustment point.I am giving this product two stars because of the misleading product dimensions shown .
 This raised toilet seat has sharp edges where the skin meets the plastic . I would recommend a `` sloped or curved '' seat and maybe 1/2 '' lower for shorter people .
 I purchased this to use with my elongated toilet . Anticipating knee replacement surgery I was unsure if I would need it or not . I also knew I wanted something that was easy off so others would not have to use it . I tried this a few days before surgery and was totally disappointed in this product . The advertisement indicated it was for regular or elongated toilets but it really does n't work on an elongated toilet . The hole is too small to be able to clean yourself and it is very unsteady . We kept it just in case but after surgery I found I did not need it so we threw it out . I would never recommend this for an elongated toilet as it is very unstable .
 I really want to send it back . The opening is too small and it just is n't worth the price . I am surprised they made the opening that small . I am not satisfied at all .
 I had to throw this toilet seat away . It does n't have a depression in the front and I could not clean myself . I got the Etac Hi-Loo with brackets as a replacement . the Etac works great . It has depressions in both the front and back.Also the Carex was too high for me . The Etac is just the right height . I 'm 5 ' 5 '' tall.And then the Carex is unstable . It moves around . On the other hand the Etac stays in place.I suggest you buy the Etac Hi-Loo with brackets instead of the Carex .
 I had surgery so I purchased this seat to use temporarily . This seat was ok but it made it very difficult to clean myself . There is no notch or groove in the front or back to allow for reach . Also without getting too graphic the small opening made visits to the loo a whole lot messier . Cleansing myself was an ordeal that required extra time and technique . The design of this seat could use some work as it may create problems for larger sized people .
 Not very stable . Shifts when sitting and also tips when exiting . Was not very happy with this product . Needs to have firmer anchors especially since this product is aimed at the elderly or infirm .
 The item itself seems well constructed -LRB- which is why I gave it two stars -RRB- but the product description claims that it fits on elongated toilets . However , it does not fit securely on an elongated toilet . Hence , it slips , which could be dangerous to an elderly or disabled person . For that reason I returned it .
 I was so hopeful after reading all of the reviews that this product was going to work for me . Sadly , it did n't work at all and maybe even made my symptoms worse . I used it for over two weeks and my UTI never got any better . I finally went into my doctor and had to take a 10 day course of antibiotics . I asked my doctor about these types of products and he said that they may work to help prevent UTIs but should never be used to treat one .
 are these other reviews even real ? i feel like they 're fake testimonials . like one of the reviews goes into depth about what d mannose does scientifically speaking , it just sounded like they were totally trying to sell the product ... like it was someone from cleartract posing like they were a customer ... how would a customer know that much about d mannose really ? anyway i feel no changes with this product ... i do n't know maybe it just really does n't work for me ... i would give it no stars but that 's not an option
 At first look , this seems to be a fantastic bath bench . It appears very sturdy and easy to use . Unfortunately , the description of the item is WAY off . It will not `` fit a 19 '' -28 '' bathtub . '' The smallest width it would fit is 28 '' . Had it fit , I think I would have been extremely pleased with the product . But since I was not able to use it with my 24 '' bathtub , I had to return the item and seek a different bath seat .
 The product itself is of nice quality , however I have n't been able to use it . This bench requires a tub that has a ledge on both sides . Most newer tubs do not have that ledge against the wall , so there is nowhere for that side of the bench to rest on the tub . My recommendation is to check to make sure your tub will accomodate this type of bench before you purchase it . I know now I needed a bench with legs on it . Just something to consider .
 Although this product seemed sturdy enough , it did NOT fit my `` standard '' size bathtub . I called the manufacture directly and was informed that the `` front '' of the tube was too wide -LRB- 3.5 '' to 4 '' -RRB- . The bench would not adjust for this width . The advertisement did not mention this , which I think is an important measurement to mention . This is the first item I 've ever had to return to Amazon.com . Which buy-the-way was very easy . I purchased a tub chair instead which worked out perfectly -LRB- also from Amazon.com -RRB- .
 FOR ME THIS PRODUCT HAD AN ODD SMELL AND FLAVOR THAT MADE ME NAUSEOUS . IT REMINDED ME OF THAT NASTY SUPPOSEDLY APPLE CINNAMON FLAVORED THERAFLU LIQUID MEDICINE . THE GRASSY TASTE THAT OTHER SIMILAR PRODUCTS HAVE WOULD HAVE BEEN A WELCOMED CHANGE COMPARED TO THIS . AT LEAST IT WOULD HAVE BEEN NATURAL . THIS HAS A SWEET BUT VERY ARTIFICIAL AND UNNATURAL TASTE . I WAS ONLY ABLE TO USE IT ONCE AND HAD TO THROW THE REST AWAY . I WAS NOT ALLOWED TO RETURN OR EXCHANGE THE PRODUCT SO THAT WAS 30 BUCKS DOWN THE DRAIN . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE .
 Unfortunately I had to re write my original review which was very positive but after 2 weeks since first time use of this product , I must update my frightening discovery.I 've been losing a lot of hair . Especially while being washed . It comes out in clumps . It falls out every time I stroke through it or when being comb or brushed . It seems I 'm just leaving a trail of hair every where.The good news is I have thick hair so I have lots of it but this loss of hair is quite alarming.I went to my hair stylist over the weekend for a hair cut and when she comb through my wet hair , she caught a clump of hair fall out . She gasped . I told her about this henna and said I 've been losing hair since use ... I also read from another reviewer that she also lost a lot of hair so I guess I 'm having the same exact problem . Just be warned for any other persons interested in using this product . Not sure what could be causing this since I did not have any other allergic reaction to the dye.Other then that , this would have been a perfect product . The ingredients in this product is quite alarming . I thought henna suppose to be much better option then conventional hair dye but it 's actually the later ... Stay away from it .
 I 've bought it based on good reviews . I 've used Colora products before but decided to switch as I could n't find Colora black . Well , I 've got a lot of black on the walls of my shower , on the pillow case , next day in the pool ... And in couple of weeks , nothing black remained on my grey . Going back to Colora even if I have to switch the color .
 This stuff is a mess to apply and does n't get your hair black.The color that you do get will run out in about two weeks anyway so do n't waste your money .
 Very Disappointed ! It 's the worst product I ever tried . The color does n't stay on your hair at all . Do n't wast your money to try it ! . BTW , it 's not nature at all .
 Hi there , I tried the henna fluid cause i thought it would be easier to apply than the real henna powder . Unfortunatly it turned out really dark green . I had to re-dye it with a normal chemical colouration ...
 I dont have much gray hair , but even then this doesnot work to coverup gray . There was no change in the color for hair even after keeping it for 1 hr as instructed . But All my skin got really dark , and it is really looking bad -LRB- like a scar now -RRB- I hope it will get back to normal with 2-3 shampoos . Dont buy this product at all . It is useless .
 This product did not work as advertised . It imparts some color but not much . It did n't work too well for me .
 This is the first time I 've ordered this product and found hard clumps in it . I think this company sold me a defective or old bottle of color .
 First of all , I received the box which was pretty beat up . Then I realized that the product was old . When I used it on my hair , it had a lot of gritty substance which I have no idea of what it was . I had to wash my hair THREE TIMES to get whatever this substance was out of my hair . It didnt cover much grey even after leaving it on for 1 hour . For the price , I dont think I will be purchasing from this vendor again , and will purchase directly from Surya if I can .
 Henna can not dye anything black . This product may have henna in it , but it is not the henna that dyes your hair . It is unnatural & possibly dangerous , especially if you are using henna for its natural properties .
 I had this same make and model from probably 5 years ago that fit well an elongated toilet but this replacement would not tighten-up . It was probably just short a quarter of an inch in the adjustment to hold it tight to the toilet . Otherwise quality is good and delivery was on time . Carex was contacted but they did not provide any help . I thought they should have provided a spacer to attach to the front pad but they said they did not have one .
 Can not reccomend this product . Made a mess on user and on floor . To top it all off this product CAN NOT be returned -LRB- can not believe Amazon will not let me return a product that either does not work in the first place or is defective -RRB- . Will not be using Amazon again .
 I started using Washer Magic as directed by wiping it around the rubber gasket on my Kenmore HE3t . None of the well water stains began to change but I noticed the smell and quickly got another cloth and wiped away what I could . I did not want my washer permanently fragranced with this strong artificial scent . I recognized it as the same smell a friend has tried getting rid of in her machine . She 's tried undiluted chlorine bleach , everything she can think of . This perfume is PERMANENT . I can still smell it in my washer but it 's not as strong as it might have been had I continued . This was a 24 oz . bottle of liquid containing `` methyl glycine diacetic acid '' . I ca n't say how well it might have cleaned my washer because I suspect it would have mostly covered any existing smells with its own fragrance . If you do n't care for highly fragranced detergents like some Tide and Cheer etc. you would not be happy with this . I 'd recommend you try Affresh -LRB- only lemony smell but lots of packaging and my tablets did not dissolve -RRB- or even better , Smelly Washer Cleaner , which comes in a vitamin sized bottle of powder and is made of `` 100 % all natural citrus based ingredients . ''
 Wow !!! This product made me dizzy without even opening the bottle ... through a plastic bag . I have washed my hands 3 times , but the odor from the bag it was wrapped in is still lingering . I phoned the company who said it should smell only like lemon . No lemon smell involved at all . It smells incredibly toxic.I would love to give this product some minus stars . Now I am stuck with this dull headache . It feels like a very dangerous product to me . I find it hard to believe that this is environmentally safe , as stated . It is currently sitting OUTSIDE on the porch , waiting to be returned ... not soon enough .
 I bought this stevia to make drinks for my kids at school and to take it for our hiking . For hiking and backpacking it could work somehow , because it does not require refrigeration . But if it would be kept in a water for more than an hour , the taste of a drink would become terrible . For school I use Stevia Clear Liquid Lemon 2 oz orStevia Clear Liquid Extract 4 oz . Save 50 % Limited Quantitiesfrom SweetLeaf , which is much better . There are more flavors also .
 I was n't crazy about this product , it gave a strange after-taste and I 'm a regular stevia user.I ca n't drink ice cold beverages , so drinking this at room temp was tough.I 'm willing to try another glass or two before I say definately NO
 I 've tried all the other flavors and really enjoyed most of them , but this is not the stuff to buy if you are looking for a `` Crystal Light '' replacement . This stuff was awful and I 'm a big Stevia , and former NutraSweet and Splenda user . If you ever had a colonoscopy that stuff you drink before hand is way better . Uggh !
 I bought 3 sets of these along with my new Earthlite table 3 years ago . They do not lie when they say they fit up to a 33 '' table . I have a 35 '' table and after 1 washing they were useless . Mind you every other brand of sheet I bought after this also said they fit 33 '' tables , but they manage to work even after repeated washings . In short , these sheets shrink A LOT . They also fade quickly and have nothing over lower priced sheet sets . Absolutely nothing .
 The best way to describe this self-proclaimed `` professional '' sheet set is assure you that they are without exception utterly unacceptable to any self-respecting massage or bodywork professional . As you read Earthlite 's descrption of how wonderful they are , please note that every claim is the opposite of what you can expect . They are NOT thick . A wet T-shirt is only slightly less transparent than the `` generously sized '' top sheet ! They do NOT `` hold up to repeated washings '' . I washed them prior to use on the Delicate cycle in cold water -LRB- not warm as recommended -RRB- and tumble-dried on air fluff only -LRB- not low , as recommended -RRB- yet they SHRANK and PILLED up ! PILLS that made them rough before they 'd even been placed on the table . Do n't even get me started on the `` generous size '' . If you have a cheap table with skinny padding the fitted sheet 's skimpy 2 '' gusset just might stretch enough to fit -LRB- and maybe these cheap sheets will actually fit Earthlite tables , which are by far the most uncomfortable on the market -RRB- . But if , like most professionals , you use a fleece and table-warmer on top of the generous premium padding of a high-quality real professional table , forget it . You wo n't even be able to get a corner on . Far from having anything to do with promoting bliss or being the best sheets ever , they are the very worst sort of joke . You can easily find better flannels at Target for under $ 20 that CAN take repeated laundering in the hot water PROFESSIONALS must use for hygiene safety , flannel sheets that provide the softness and thickness PROFESSIONALS require to satisfy clients and that WILL fit PROFESSIONAL bodywork tables and face cradles with the normal padding PROFESSIONALS use . This sheet set performed like a $ 13 bargain set , not a brand-name `` premium '' `` professional '' product that cost nearly $ 40 ! I 've never been overly impressed by Earthlite products and this did nothing to change my mind . They certainly spent all the effort on marketing and a cutesy name and made no effort whatsoever to quality control or test if this product would actually be useful in ANY manner for what a bodywork professional actually requires from their linens
 I bought this exact Samadhi Pro sheets about 4 years ago and they were special ; really great.A couple years later the price went up and the quality went way down . Thinner and did n't last as long by a long shot.Oh for that not to be the case with almost all linens and clothes brands ! Just ca n't count on anything of quality ; even these , the most expensive you can find and they are so disappointing .
 I expected more from the Samhadi Pro line with these sheets.They are not a bad sheet , but they are not much better -LRB- if at all -RRB- than good quality flannel sheets bought at a department store.I washed in cold water , used the auto-sense dry option on the dryer , and they shrunk somewhat , but nothing drastic or unexpected.However , they are too small to start with in my opinion.Save yourself some money and go buy a regular set of twin sheets , then buy extra face cradle covers.I hope Earthlite gets their act together on this one and revamps this product .
 The flannel sheets fit my table and are quite soft , but the pills are terrible . Three washings in and I 'm still getting those little balls of fluff . I 've followed the washing directions and it 's only after the last washing that I even used the sheets for a client . I did n't want the lint to rub off on the clients ' clothes during Reiki sessions .
 The smell is different from what I remember and so I am not using this product . I am not sure it is an effective deodorant and I ca n't make a recommendation at this time .
 I ordered one Fuji NP40 Battery.I wanted the original ... no knock offs.Two non-Fuji batteries and one camera case for who knows what camera showed up . The staff answered my email in 3 business days . They sent me a free call tag . A full credit was received shortly thereafter . I found the original NP40 battery at Best Buy for $ 39.99 and tax . More than I wanted to pay but it is the real thing . Merry Christmas and Happy New Year !
 I am reviewing the ADORAMA CAMERA , INC. . Co.This item was ordered on Feb. 19 , 2007 . I paid $ 15 . for express mail . The order was not received until after March 1 , 2007 , which was after we had left for Hungary . The company credited my account with only the price of the item -LRB- $ 33.95 -RRB- ... not the $ 14.95 for express delivery . Since the item was not shipped express delivery I should have received the entire amount of $ 48.90 back . I WOULD NOT BUY FROM ADORAMA CAMERA AGAIN .
 Like another reviewer , I ordered this based on the picture and description in the ad that clearly states it is a Fujifilm NP-40 battery . What I received is a knock off item with no brand name on it at all . It obviously works but I have no idea for how long . I am ok with off-brand items as long as they are honest about it upfront . But in this case it is clearly a deceptive tactic . I re-checked my order confirmation and sure enough it clearly states `` Fujifilm NP40 Rechargeable Battery '' . This is NOT a Fujifilm . I wonder if Fuji knows these guys are using their name like that ...
 Amazon picture shows an original Japanese-produced NP-40 with 3.7 V and 710mAh -LRB- just like the one I got with my F810 -RRB- . What I got was a Fujifilm-branded Chinese-produced NP-40 with 3.6 V and 750 mAh . YES , IT WORKS , but it 's just obviously cheaper . Skepticism is a virtue .
 I read a few bad reviews on this company before I purchased the item ... My Bad ... What I purchased was a FUJI FILM NP-40 3.6 v 750mAh battery.There was even a picture that matched what I needed . What I recieved was totaly differant item it was replaced with a FUNP-40 3.7 v third party battery not a Fujifilm battery -RRB- Amazon should stop dealing with companies that do n't deliver what you order and give you a substute ... Its just a lesson learned SO ... BUY FROM BLUEMALL AT YOUR OWN RISK ...
 I ordered a Fujifilm NP40 Rechargeable battery for my camera . I paid for a Fujifilm battery not a knockoff battery . I am very disappointed !! Guess I should have read the reviews before I ordered and paid the higher price . Could have saved money ! Wo n't do that again !!
 The white cover of this cushion is impractical - my cushion fell on the floor , and the dog thought it would make a marvelous bed to sleep on . She drooled on it , and got a stain on the cover . The cover is very , very difficult to remove and I have n't dared try to do so as I 'm not entirely certain if I can get it back on if I do remove it to wash it.The cushion itself was too firm for me . I would return it back to Amazon , but due to my dog leaving a stain on the cover , I ca n't . I guess it will at least make a good dog bed , since my dog seems to like sleeping on it .
 The first two weeks was great . The foam cushions went flat afterwards . I am only 125 lbs and hoping it would last at least five months or more . These are better off for kids ... . Not recommended for adults .
 First of all what 's with the image in the plastic wrap complete with label and reflections . It 's difficult to judge the dimensions of the hole and that 's the entire problem for the purpose suggested .
 This product is great for the first few days , especially when I was using it before I had removed it from the plastic wrap it was encased in . Soon after removal , and normal use , it has lost its shape and does not provide the same comforting cushion it did in the first couple of days . I am currently not able to get relief by using it and am searching for a replacement because it no longer relieves the discomfort experienced around my tailbone.It may be a magic foam but the only magical thing about it is how fast it lost its resilient ability to cushion the body.If you only need comfort for a couple days , buy this . If you 're looking for a longer term solution , you might consider something else . I 'm giving this two stars because it did do the job for the first several days of use so will provide someone with temporary relief if they have the money to spend on replacements .
 I am giving this two stars because maybe it would work well for someone weighing under a hundred pounds . For me , at twice that , the cushion is about as useless as it could get . I may as well be sitting on an empty pillow case , as it compresses down to nothing the moment I sit on it . The cushion is beyond soft , it is virtually non-existent .
 I used this product on my hair in January . It turned a ghastly shade of orange and would NOT come out . My hair is still red after using color stripper and putting other colors over the henna -LRB- after going through a tortuous procedure of mineral oil and alcohol all over my head -RRB- . Despite how it is advertised , this is NOT a temporary color . When I went to a salon and told them what I had done , they basically laughed at me and refused to touch my hair other than to cut it . If you want to color with something temporary , steer clear of this product
 Bought this in a store . One of the plastic gloves inside had the middle finger cut which made it unusable ; it was a pain using only one hand . After checking the label , I noticed it was manufactured in Brazil . I wonder if the cut middle finger is n't a message from the assembly line workers regarding how well they are paid/treated by this company . Otherwise why the sabotage?Oh yeah - and just to elucidate the one-star review
 shipping was quick and successful , product packaged well . However after dying my hair with product -LRB- it seemed to work beautifully -RRB- i am unsatisfied , since the product washed out of my hair within two washes !!! I loved how it went on smoothly and perfect during the application , and after it was applied . I really do wish the effect did stick around ! I am only sad that it washed out , and my money and hopes went literally , down the drain . Thanks for letting me try it out !
 I bought this product expecting it would cover at least part of my grey hair -LRB- I do n't have that much grey hair -RRB- and it did n't work AT ALL . I tried leaving the product on my hair a little longer and still nothing happened . I regret wasting my money on this product . I would n't recommend this product to anybody .
 I used the Surya dark brown once and was very pleased . Hair more dark auburn , but after a few washings definitely a pleasant dark brown . Washed out to a medium brown , but natural looking and kept color much better than commercial dyes - to my surprise . Since I 'm very gray at the top , roots really showed , so I decided to go to a lighter brown with new applications . First time I did light brown it was fine . But the second time , the result of the new application , over new gray and previous light brown was a definite strong lavender . I thought it was because I was out in the sun right after , but next time got more , absolute purple . A pretty color , but not what I was looking for . When I called company , the US rep could n't tell me anything about why that might have happened , but did have in her notes that gold or goden blonde should neutralize purple . So - company have neutralize-purple instructions . That tells it 's own story . Have no idea how often this happens - maybe it 's rare . A shame since my initial experience was so positive . I 'll probably try the darker brown again if I can ever get rid of the purple . By the way , as someone above mentioned , do n't count on this being temporary color . Great for those of us who want permanent color - if you get the color on the label !
 If you have lots of gray , Surya Cream is probably not for you . It fades VERY quickly . I 'm about 70 % gray ; my original color was dark brown . After 4 washings my hair would be a different shade , going from about a 5 to a 4 in conventional dye terms . Re
 I never review anything until I realized how helpful they are . I purchased this product based on reviews and hmmm ... i guess some were happier than I.Tried this product last night and here 's my thoughts.Deposited color nicely and covered the gray well ! The only downside is the red stained scalp . I would equate this product with Jazzing in Black Cherry . Basically save the money and shipping and purchase the Jazzing for $ 4.00 it provides the same depth of color and it 's a rinse as well.What I did n't care for was how thick the product was . Honestly I 'm glad I purchased two bottles . My original intention was to be able to use one in the future . However , I ended up needed both ! My hair is currently in a short flip , so longer hair would need 4 bottles and beyond !! I would truly say experiment with true Henna ; this product does n't give the real effect of Henna . I 've decided to go with the real deal and wo n't reorder this version .
 This ingredient , propylene glycol , is in Surya Henna which is listed as one of the top five toxic ingredients
 I purchsaed two bottles of this Surya Henna , followed their directions and none of my gray hair was colored . This may work for other women but not me !
 even if left on 4 hours , did not cover roots and washed out very quickly and then rootsturned red/purple and had 2 different colors going on . have allergies to hair dye but this is not the solution . just does n't do the job as well as i would like it to .
 Hi , I used this product several times and followed as directed . This is definitely not a replacement for drugstore hair dyes as it does not work . If you shampoo your hair the dye simply comes off .
 It looked good the first day I colored my hair . After that the color completely washed away . Very disappointing !!!
 I used this product once and it will be the last . The good thing about this product is that it does n't have an odor and it did color my grey . However , the covered over grey came out pretty reddish at first -LRB- along with my scalp -RRB- , but then the hair started to take on a shade of pink and then purple . For the hair that was n't originally grey , the color was too dark and very flat / no sheen . I have colored my hair with true henna powder several times and got much better results . I will not buy this product again .
 Although your hair will FEEL great -- it will still be gray as gray can be . Does n't turn gray hair silvery at all .
 The product does not cover gray hair . I made 2 attempts and left the color on for the maximum time . When I called Surya , they told me to go back to the store where I purchased it and ask them to contact Surya . The store -LRB- Ricky 's -RRB- does not contact Surya . Therefore there is no guarantee . Disappointed .
 This dye stained my scalp . I am natural and I decided to cut my hair shorter . After the Barber cut my hair real low at the nape ... he asked me what was the stains on the my nape area . I got a mirror and looked . I could not believe my eyes ... my whole nape area was blueish black !!! I used the black dye Surya Henna . I went home and I scrubbed and scrubbed my nape and the stains did not move one bit . I use apple cider , olive oil ... clarifying shampoos , dawn dish detergent and was about to use hydrogen peroxide until my husband stopped the 4 day madness . He advised me to be patient and it would most likely fade away ... thank God he is my voice of reason ... lol However its been 2 weeks and I still scrub my nape everyday with a clarifying shampoo and it has just started to fade some . In the mean time I have been wearing wigs and another thing ... the color has already faded and it looks like dirty muddy brown and my grays are a tinsel tangerine orange and . . and ... it dried my scalp out ... my scalp flakes everyday . Ummmm NEVER AGAIN !!! My hair is naturally very dark black ... with 10-15 % gray ... and I just wanted a nice black ... I have never done henna before so I went with this and thought it would be fool proof ... well I can report I was the fool ... lol Since this mishap ... I have been carefully studying all natural henna and indigo ... and I well be doing the long tidies for REAL natural henna dye ... as soon as this dye fade from my scalp . I say dont cut corners and try this ... your hair and scalp well mostly likely thank you later ... . Just my 2 cent . . lol
 I have think dark hair . it doesnt die my hair thoroughly , even though I slept overnight with it .
 I bough this product because i have developed allergies to regular hair color in the market i was looking for something natural . However , this product is not natural and contains many chemicals .
 This product is very promising ! Even comes with a plastic shower cap , plastic gloves and instructions ; unlike , the powdered henna . However , the results are very diappointing ! Unlike some people , when I purchase a new product I 'm not familiar with , I use it according to the instructions only ; just as I did with this product . According to the instructions , 30 minutes gives light brown hair and 45 minutes gives reddish brown . I left the product in for 45 minutes and my hair had n't changed AT ALL . I certainy will not purchase this again . Dont believe the HYPE people !
 OVER 16 DAYS AND I STILL HAVENT RECIEVED THE PRODUCT ... THEY DONT ANSWER UR EMAILS AWFUL COMPANY TO DEAL WITH ...
 ok let me start by saying it felt nice in my hair and washing out my hair , if your looking for something to condition more than color than this is for you . if uh like seeing the product on your towels each time your hair gets wet after rinsing it out properly than feel free and buy but if yuor like me and enjoy stain free towels and you want color in your hair then dont waste your time monmey & energy
 This is certainly NOT henna ! Henna can only stain hair in one color
 My husband and I tried this product at the same time , we got the same result , which is the color does n't stay at all , not to mention to cover the gray . I do n't even bother to send the other unopen bottles back to the seller , because I have to pay for the return shipping fee .
 First , be warned that this is NOT a nice , super-safe , all natural herbal henna hair color ! The advertising and packaging are very misleading . The main ingredients in this preparation are Ethoxydiglicol -LRB- helps the dye penetrate the hair shaft -RRB- , which is NOT recognized as safe in Europe and even worse is the Methylpyrrolidone which is an industrial solvent ! There are other less than innocuous ingredients including monoethanalomine and mineral oil . This is all listed in micro-size print on the bottom flap of the box and requires a magnifying glass to read . On the side of the box they list all the warm , fuzzy , safe , `` natural '' ingredients in large type with little pictures.Since the `` natural , herbal '' ingredients comprise far less of this product than the `` questionable unnatural '' ingredients , I think this is just plain unethical , especially given their web site advertisements making it sound as if their product is so much safer than hair dyes with ammonia , PPD and peroxide , which is just not true . PPD looks to be bad news but is it worse than coating your scalp with an industrial solvent and leaving it on for 45 minutes ??!! Ammonia and peroxide dry out your hair , but so do Ehtyoxydiglicol -LRB- which acts similar to hydrogen peroxide -RRB- and mineral oil.That being said , it did color my gray quickly and easily with the first application and the resulting color is very nice . I mixed Mahogany with Burgundy as Mahagany is orangish - brown and Burgundy is pinkish brown and together they gave me a fairly natural look . However , my hair was VERY dry and felt awful after I put the dye on it . I used an intensive conditioner after the next 3 shampoos which helped quite a bit.Overall , I am not sure I would use this product again . I like the color and the ease with which it goes on and I like the fact that it covers gray so well , but I do n't like the false advertising of this company and I do n't like the way the product made my hair feel . I had been using typical consumer hair coloring products -LRB- L'Oreal and Clairol -RRB- for years and I do n't think I will go back to them either . I want something safer , but effective and I think I will keep looking .
 I am a breast cancer survivor and am looking for a safe hair color to cover my gray hair . Unfortunately this is not the one . It contains a few natural ingredients and synthetic ones . I checked this brand out on the Eviromental Working Groups Skin Deep cosmetic date base . You type in the name of the product and it is rated for safety and all the ingredients are listed and broken down into what health hazards they can cause . This product did not do very well . As a cancer survivor I will not be using , or reccomending this product . I encourage everyone to get on line and check out the Skin Deep cosmetic data base before purchasing or using any product !
 This product says it 's made from all natural ingredients , but once you really read the fine print , it has the following : May contain the following : HC Blue 2HC Yellow 5HC Red 3HC Yellow 2HC Yellow 4HC Red 1Disperse Violet 1HC Violet 14 DDisperse BlackSo basically you are putting a bunch of synthetic dyes on your head . If you search on any of these synthetic dyes , they are pretty scary.The product does a nice job of coloring your hair ... but it certainly is n't a natural product . I tried calling the company , but they are down in Brazil and my portugese is pretty lousy !
 This is one of those synthetic dyes with a little henna in it , masquerading as henna , that give true henna a bad name . So many reviewers were surprised at how well it covered gray . That is because it is a regular synthetic color.If you want to use real henna on your hair , it should have one ingredient listed
 I tried this `` henna '' b/c I get dizzy with any type of hair coloring . The chemicals and me just do n't agree . This chocolate cream made me have the same reaction so of course I had to rinse it quickly and for a long time . As you know this take forever . Now that my hair is dry ... the grey is yellow . Thanks for nothing Surya `` Henna '' Cream .
 I used real Henna before and it covered my grey hair on first attempt . I used the golden blonde and it did NOT cover any of my grey hair even though I left it on my hair for 40 mins -LRB- 10 min longer than recommmended -RRB- . Product is not 100 % natural !
 . I think that I wasted my money because this Henna Silver Fox just did n't do anything to my hair . I am very light blonde .
 I thought this product was better than regular hair dye but it did not even turn my light brown hair blonde at all . I do n't even know what the point of it is .
 Bought 3 bottles and followed directions exactly as stated . It does not cover gray hairs at all ! Big waste of money and an even bigger waste of time . I sat around for 3 hours on the last treatment with a plastic cap on my head for nothing . My hair was clean and dry and even rinsed it off with cold water and used no shampoo . What a useless product !
 I tried this product because I had read reviews saying it covered gray hair . It did not work at all for me , and irritated my skin . This apparently has a lot more added to it than just henna and plant products . I have used real henna products for years and never had a problem until this . I was really disappointed in the fact it did not cover gray hair AT ALL . It was a total waste of my time and $ $ $ .
 The product is easy to use but it does not cover gray hair . I have a lot of gray at my temples . I tried this product 3 separate times . I left it on over an hour and re applied warm towels over it and still the gray hair came out red . The color was not a pretty red either , it was a Bozo the clown red color . Absolutely horrible !!! I 'm so disappointed . I was really looking for a natural , easy to use product to cover my grays . This is NOT it !
 It is a great product ! , I love everything about it except the fact that it last no more than a week ! , it washes out very quickly , I want something that will stay in my hair longer . It could be the color , because red always washes out fast . Besides that I loved it , great smell , it leaves your hair feeling incredible , it 's good for your hair unlike the other hair coloring products .
 I purchased this about 3 months ago and the arm rest/back rest is already broken . This unit gets used about twice a week by a person who weighs far less than the rated capacity of 300 lbs . The snap together construction is easily broken as it is made of a brittle plastic . Big , big disappointment .
 The middle screw has come loose on more than one occasion . Unless you 'd like to see you or the one you are buying it for get seriously hurt , get something else .
 I had read reivews so I coated the bolts and washers with clear acrylic to prevent their rusting . I also enlarged the very small openings in the rubber caps for the legs , to allow water to pass through more easily . However , after a few weeks rust started showing up where the legs were draining . The legs are made of aluminum and would n't rust , so I guess it must the springs inside them allowing the legs to be adjusted causing the rust . I 'm not sure , but rust was there . I finally threw it away yesterday .
 I am using shower stool since 1 month , i have noticed that rust is forming around screw of seat.Why rust should form when it is supposed to used under shower ?
 Frustrating -- when we tried to assemble it there were supposed to be 5 nut and bolt assemblies and there were 5 bolts , but only 1 nut in the package . It is still in the box waiting for someone to find the right sized nuts .
 I hesitate to send a review . The stool was exactly as promised and came early . It fit into the tub fine . However our family member is not steady enough on his feet to be able to balance on it for a tub shower . So the item is fine , well made . BUT sadly it did not fit our requirements .
 Carex Universal Bath Benchby Carex Health BrandsThis product turned out to be a piece of junk ! I returned from the hospital to discover that my wife had attempted to assemble the bench . In the process , one of the `` pins '' that holds the legs in place snapped off . Further , one of the feet would not push in place . I attempted to disassemble the bench to return it , and a second leg pin snapped off . At the end of the day , I was left with a useless pile of white plastic that , for the moment , resides in my cellar.This is the first of a hundred or so products I have purchase via Amazon that failed in virtually all respects . I suspect this experience can be chalked up to the old adage
 I have this shower seat and would not recommend to anyone . With a cast on my left leg , after my shower , I went to stand and put my left knee on the seat while standing with my right foot , the seat broke down the middle and I went down the wall and landed on my back with my head against the wall . I have a bumbed up wrist , knee and shoulder and head , also cuts on my knee from the broken pieces that came loose as it broke . . all this to go along with this big cast . It made me wish I were DEAD ! It says it can hold up to 400 lbs ... hogwash ! I do n't weight 200 lbs . !!!! If I knew how , I would get it pulled off the market !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am not sure what the target customer base is for this product . I purchased it for our guest bathroom , which has an oversized shower stall , for my brother 's visit . My brother lost both his legs , and I wanted something where he did not have to sit on the floor of the shower . Unfortunately , this chair sits a little too high and lacks the stability necessary for him to climb into it , and we do not have shower hand rails to assist him . So , I tried using it in one of the our bathrooms that have a tub , but it is too big for a standard sized tub . In the end I had to return the product . All , I can figure is this is for someone to take a shower who can stand , but does n't want to . It is too risky to use for a person who is infirmed or disabled .
 The product looked good , but when i put together the legs of stool , a lock/hook of a leg has been broken.It might be rare case , but I can not trust this product anymore . I have to return it ... In addition , I think the stool is too large and hard to handle for normal bath-tabs .
 this Bench was too large for the area we needed it for , we returned the item and received a refund the best thing about the whole transaction was the the no hassle return process of Amazon .
 I paid for a brand new chair and received a broken chair , useable but still broken
 Recovering from surgery and could never use it because one of the legs would n't stay on . As soon as I can drive , returning item .
 Unfortunately I ca n't send this item back because it has been longer than 5 days since I received it , but if I could I would . I wish this information had been included in the item description!The Pros : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The seat is easy to put together without tools and height adjustable . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It is totally made of plastic so presumably will not rust as my last one did.The Cons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The package arrived in its original container , which looked as if it had been torn , repackaged , and resealed . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The seat is very wide , which may be a plus for some folks , but in my case way too wide . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Water does not drain off of the seat ; after 24 hours there was still a pool of water on it . I live in the desert so that 's just nuts . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Last but not least , the seat is INCREDIBLY SLIPPERY ! One literally can not lift a leg to wash or shave without one 's posterior shifting dramatically in the opposite direction . To say I almost flew out of the shower stall door is not an exaggeration ! I had to hold on for dear life to the safety bar to accomplish the rest of my ablutions . I believe someone here mentioned they bought one for their elderly parent ... I only hope the poor old dear has a safety belt on when she uses the seat.I 'm giving this a one star only because I ca n't give it a zero star rating . I would not want anyone , no matter what their height , girth , or age , to use this product . The seat should have some kind of texture that would preclude slippage , and also adequate drainage holes for sanitary purposes .
 My husband has this chair in our other home , we needed a second chair for our vacation home . A leg was broke on it so we had to return it . I would have been ok to exchange it but it was going to take too long to get back to us before leaving to go back home . I think they should have been able to overnight it to us or at least just the part we needed .
 This product actually hurt my knee more after wearing it a few times playing volleyball . I was disappointed and went back to using the larger but better brace I got from my orthopedic surgeon ... should have known better than to not go with the doctor 's recommendation .
 I thought this would be a great item to assist me with my work in bed as that 's where I now reside 95 % of the time due to permanent disability . I use my laptop to manage my household , the bills , shopping etc. from my bed but the laptop can not rest on my legs due to the pain it causes . After assembling it , much to my dismay , the first time I rolled it towards me the whole shebang nearly toppled and everything I use was not yet on the table . It has a lip on it which is a good idea and then a pre-formed cup holder edge , maybe 3/8 deep that if your vision is impaired you will inevitably miss the mark and spill your beverage . It also was not very well constructed for even the intended purpose of a simple overbed table . I was not able to use it longer than a half hour as the tray bent horribly when anything was placed on it . I surely would n't even trust cutting meat on my plate for fear of upsetting the whole table.The brace leg is plastic and not sturdy at all and the assembly directions are terribly lacking . If I had n't assembled the one I currently use I would have barely a clue on the tension screws and other details I was extremely disappointed with this purchase and would not recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this table from another vendor -- the table top was welded poorly and tilted down at such an angle when it was put together that anything you set on it would fall off . It also does not support nearly the weight that it is listed to support . The table bounced up and down easily if you put any pressure on the table top . I promptly returned this table .
 This product is definately not sturdy enough to support the 50 lbs it is rated for . I anticipated something of more substantial construction , not a hollow table on a hollow leg . The base is listed at 33 '' . This measurement is taken from the outside , not the inside of the base meaning most modern , motorized wheelchairs wo n't fit beneath the table . This is considered medical equipment , so it can not be returned .
 I received the box with the overbed table in it the day before Christmas from Amazon for an ill family member . I purchased it as a Christmas gift . To my surprise when I opened the box there were no wheels . Everything else looked okay , and I even saw where the four wheels screwed into the bottom of the table so it could be moved , but my box had no wheels , which meant I could not give it as the Christmas gift as I had planned . I had to send it back to Amazon , and find another gift . I can not say I blame Amazon for this because they sent it to my house without opening up the box . I blame Carex for this . The box should have had wheels in it , and even when I tried to call Carex they were taking four days off for the holidays . You may buy this table but be forewarned it may not have wheels in the box because of some worker 's neglect .
 I remember using another brand oil which was so strong that even 2 drops were enough for the whole room . This one is no way close to that . I use about half tea spoon for my child 's bed but the aroma does n't last more than 1 hour and I can barely smell it . I have used half the bottle in 4-5 days .
 I thought I was buying aura cacia brand essential oil and what I got was an unmarked bottle filled with questionable contents and no dropper . Pretty upset about that .
 I have use this brand before . First of all the label on this product is a facsimil in black and white of the colorfull original . While the ambient smell in original lasts for hours in this dissapears in minutes . As said IT IS FAKE .
 Fake product , looks different than picture , homemade label . Do not buy this product . If I read other reviews I will know before I waste my money .
 I work for a company who displays this product in the store . I was attempting to sell it to a customer who asked me to show how the Ez Grabber rotates 90 degrees . Not only could I not turn the product , I lost the sale as well . I have since taken the item off the floor and will not recommend it to my customers . It works well to pick up items , but trying to turn a square peg in a round hole is not that Ez .
 Very uncomfortable to use . Wish I 'd not purchased this . Clear plastic handle bites into my hand . Would like to get my money back .
 This product is listed as `` Enuclene Eye Drops - 15 Ml '' and the description reads
 I 've liked other PowerBar high protein bars and used them when I 've no time or opportunity for breakfast or lunch . However , I would n't recommend the reduced sugar variety . Rather than being less sweet , as I expected , they have a pronounced and cloying artificial sweetener taste .
 Whilst these are probably OK for bedtime use , they do n't work well when on a motorcycle . They come out of the ears easily . I 'd recommend traditional foam compress/expand earplugs instead .
 This was really greasy ... and it did n't block sound as well as the foam kind .
 The wax is very hard and difficult to fit inside the ear and is not comforable . Look for the alpine professional hearing protection .
 I bought these ear plugs because I 've tried many different types and I usually find that the wax style ones are too big for my ears -LRB- I 'm female & 5 ' 5 '' -RRB- . Ironically , I find these ear plugs to be too small and they do n't fill up the area enough to cover the opening of my ear and block the sound of snoring dogs or snoring boyfriend .
 This does not work at all . Used it for about 4 months and it showed no improvement . Just made the exposed nail bed dry and flakey . Looked awful .
 Opened the tube and it stinks . On top of that it was old and seperated so alot of oil like smelly goo doumped out . Now way I was going to use this crap !
 I ordered what is pictured but what I got was Organic Total Nutrition . I was very thick , dark color . Taste like dirt . I used 4 Total Nutrition before . The quality was not good at all . Could not use . Used to give product to my nephew but he would not take the product because of the texture and taste .
 I really wanted to try this shampoo , as I 've been having issues with my hair and scalp recently and none of the dandruff or coal-tar shampoos have had any effect . I like to buy SLS-free , paraben-free shampoos from Wholefoods , which are more expensive than your Herbal Essences , etc. , but this Neem shampoo is still a bit pricey even in comparison to those . But I wanted to give it a try because if it worked like others had said , it would be worth it . But what I received was an empty bottle . A completely , 100 % empty bottle . The box it had shipped in was not damaged or covered in the shampoo , but I found a small crack on the bottom of the bottle . However , since there was no shampoo on the bottle or shipping box , I believe the shampoo had leaked out prior to shipping and was shippied to me in this condition , empty . Also , I contacted the seller -LRB- Livamed -RRB- as per the Amazon protocol , and never even received a response , let alone a replacement as should have been the case . Amazon was great and promptly refunded my money , but I would never order anything again from Livamed and I wish Amazon would carry the shampoo from a different seller . Livamed seems to have positive ratings , with a few very negative complaints similar to mine , but the positive reviews are so short and generic , I have to wonder if they are written by actual customers . If I were you , I would not order anything from Livamed , order the product elsewhere to avoid the possibility of having a problem with your order , because Livamed wo n't fix it and then you 're left having to order from somewhere else anyway .
 this shampoo is very harsh it dryed my hair out bad with 1 use , i had to put major oil treatments on my hair after using this shampoo
 I bought this shampoo because I 've been having so many problems with my hair , I know that many of those problems comes with aging , the hair aged as we do . When I purchase this product was based on the reviews , my hair is thick and naturally curly , I bought coconut oil Vatika , Raw argan oil and Ojon hair repairing mask , and my hair feels so good after these products penetrate into hair but right after shampooing my hair with TheraNeem Gentle Therape Shampoo my hair becomes like wire , hard and stiff , it feels awful !!! it looses completely the moisture despite I 'd used those products hours prior to wash my hair , and using a very good conditioner , that 's not enough to return my hair 's natural moisture , this is one of the worse shampoos I had ever used . My hair still falling out like crazy , now is even more frizzy , the worse part is that I bought two of them , one for me and the other as a gift , but now I am thinking what to do !!! my friend is even older than me with hair problems and she does n't like to use conditioner because her hair is thinning and the conditioner flats her hair down . Probably I 'd give that to her because just because if it is n't good for me that does n't mean it is n't good for her , I do n't know ??? . I Wo n't buy it again .
 The product was okay . Did not like the thin consistency . Otherwise , okay . Promptly shipped . Love some of the other products .
 All these other low score reviews are true . Note these NiMH batteries are rated by their mA Hours , which is how much charge they hold against the appropriate rated load . These will probably work fine in a straight digital radio or other device , but so will regular batteries for a lot less and last you months as well.Motors in kids toys need Real `` D '' Cell which are 1.5 V Batteries , these are all 1.2 V !!!! 1.5 V requirements will not run on 1.2 V , it 's like sticking a half dead battery in a kids toy . Not only that , you may overload the battery and cause it to overheat , potential leak , or worse.Rayovac does make an Alkaline battery that is rechargeable and is 1.5 V . It works well , but has become hard to find . Too bad AMAZON does n't send out the right notice for the right battery when you put your name in the e-mail Q for a Rayovac Alkaline Rechargeable Battery ... uggh !!!!
 They are technically D batteries but when you get them they 'll feel very light . In fact they almost seem like an AA battery in a D form factor.After looking at the capacity , go figure . These are rated at 2900 mAh and some AA Duracel I have are at 2050 . Better to go with higher capacity batteries .
 I left these batteries in my elliptical machine for about 3 months and when I went to recharge them I found that they had bled acid all over the place . Do n't buy these !
 I did n't like this wax because it dried too quickly and when it did , it was difficult remove because it was clumpy . It did n't spread as easily as I was hoping . It was a disappointment .
 The car must be running and the diffuser has to ` warm up ' before the aromatherapy kicks in . If you are driving short distances , you will never smell it . Big bummer : -LRB-
 Do n't waste your money !! This product looks like it came from the dollar store ! It does n't work at all , I did n't notice any scent in my car at all . The best thing to get is the fabric air fresheners in the tin can from california scents . This product wo n't do your car any justic . . What a Joke !
 i purchased two . one for my car and one for my truck and when i plugged them in nothing happend , i was really excited about scenting my car with natural oils but the pine tree from the car wash works better . i left them in the outlet for at least 30 min . the time it takes me to get to town but nothing . i 'll stick to smelling myself and leave the gadgets alone .
 This works but does not produce a long lasting scent . You have to reapply essential oil often to get the smell in your car . Would not recommend .
 The scent pads tend to dry out quickly and I need to refill too often . It works just as well to put a drop anywhere in your car .
 Even in a small car , this diffuser puts out a marginally noticeable fragrance ... unless you use a powerful oil like spearmint .
 I am very disappointed because it does not seems to work . Now the light goes on when you plug in the diffuser . However it does not seem to have any kind of odor . I tired using the and the bottle of lavendar that comes with it does not throw any scent off . I even tried a different kind and it still does not work.I feel like I threw money away
 It was not possible for me to order this item as the size of the table top is not given .
 We 've been ordering 10 boxes at a time of this specific item from another vendor . These were almost half the price of what we normally pay . Now I know why
 I purchased a ReadyMop about a year ago and have n't been impressed . First of all , I threw the mopping pads out the door after the first use and used regular rags from that time on . They were much more effective at cleaning , not to mention a lot more cost effective.Eventually the weak plastic part on the handle cracked , making the whole handle bend every time I pushed the mop forward . I used electrical tape to barely hold it together until it was replaced.Last , the spray mechanism did n't last long either . I refilled the bottle with a 1:4 vinegar water solution several times , then the venting mechanism stopped working . About every 4 or so sprays I had to open the lid to vent the bottle otherwise it would just drip water out when I tried to spray.I 'm replacing this with a Rubbermaid Reveal mop that I saw my sister use . It seems like the handle is a lot sturdier and wo n't break/bend with use .
 Handle broke in half within 5 minutes of using . I was only using moderate pressure to scrub the floor . Purchase another product with a better handle .
 I bought my first ready mop system recently and used it once . Not only did the liquid barely clean my floor , I did n't realize for days that the whole bottle of liquid leaked through the nozzle and spilled all over -LRB- we 're required to install the bottle upside down for dispensing -RRB- . So I contacted Clorox customer service via email explaining the situation and asking for a new bottle and nozzle . They responded a few days later with surprise that their product was defective . So they only mailed a new nozzle even though I requested a new bottle as well -LRB- the bottle probably costs more than the nozzle -RRB- . Needless to say I tried writing again and now I have n't heard from them at all ! I would n't recommend buying this product .
 Read the fine print carefully on this advertisement . It lists 24 packs of 24 strips , 144 strips total . 24 x 24 is NOT 144 strips . You will get only 6 packs of 24 strips , which is the 144 strips , but this seller is charging WAY too much for 6 packs . You will find it for much cheaper in your local store .
 This product is such a disappointment . There is no noticeable difference between putting a few drops of essential oil on a cotton ball and placing that somewhere in the room versus using this diffuser , except that the diffuser consumes electricity . Wish I could return it .
 This item does not perform well . I was expecting that when in use , it would emit enough of the fragrance of the essential oil to at least fill my small bedroom . But , instead , I can barely smell the fragrance when standing right next to where the diffuser is plugged in . And then , even that odor dissapates within an hour or two . I would not reccommed it ... a waste of money .
 It simply does n't work any better than putting a drop of oil somewhere.It definitely does not fill the room with fragrance.It 's junk . Save your money .
 The scent wears off within half-hour ; not worth it . Also , the diffuser is upright only in vertical outlets ; so if you have horizontal outlet next to each other like this
 I ordered a small size and it is too big . It is not soft and I do n't feel comfortable when put it around my neck .
 I got this for sleeping on flights because I 'm sure many of you know , a constantly dropping head is annoying and painful . However , this was too stiff -LRB- uncomfortably so -RRB- for sleeping . It was also too high for me -LRB- 3 &#34; from collar bone to chin -RRB- .
 I really wanted this to work for me . Unfortunately , the material is just too slippery . My head slides off no matter what surface -LRB- floor , bed , -RRB- that I try to use it on . Too bad , and back to using tennis balls that have been taped together . It may work for you , but it did not work for me .
 I think this item is too soft to really have a beneficial effect . Two tennis balls in a tube sock work better ...
 This item was a total waste of money . You ca n't get it on the right spot and your head just rolls around .
 Very uncomfortable . Wish I had n't spent the money . It certainly does not do what it is advertised to do , for me , anyway .
 My PT recommended the tennis balls in a sock after I went through weeks of PT for neck arthritis , and still had bunched muscles and headaches . Same concept , much cheaper , and less squishy , according to the other reviews here.The spot under the skull at the top of the neck is a great place to reduce muscle tension , though , if you are suffering . Give this gizmo or the tb 's a try . Good luck .
 This thing is hollow and flattens out like a pancake ! I assume the `` firm '' one is solid ? Otherwise this is worthless !
 This was recommended by my physical therapist for neck pain . After using it a couple of times , including with supervision from a licensed massage therapist who specialized in neurofascial release , it made the scalenes much tighter which caused the upper back to get sore and tightened . I now need to spend the big bucks on more massage to undo what this product has done . Oh by the way , I fired my physical therapist .
 I was so excited to get this item . The idea is to simulate still point , but it 's far too small for an adult head and it slips when placed properly . I 'm very disapointed . I am an LMT , one of my areas of focus is Craniosacral , I would not reccomend this product .
 I know there are some folks who love this product . I 'm pretty sensitive and found it uncomfortable to lie on . Others felt it was too soft , but I found it to be too hard . I 'm better off with two soft tennis balls in a thick sock . They 're easier to position , and I can adjust the pressure by varying the thickness of the sock I put them in . Just my two cents .
 The packaging and the cartridges themselves look just like the ones from the local drugstore , but do n't be fooled . A new , genuine Gillette blade glides smoothly and cleanly over my face , while these blades feel as if I 'm scraping my face with a metal rasp . -LRB- Fortunately , I had a genuine cartridge available so I could make an honest comparison . -RRB- I do n't know whether this is a counterfeit product , or factory reject Gillette blades , but take my advice
 This product is not good i try shaving not cuting at all dont buy this product because your money will lost .
 I have been using Gillette razors for some ten years now . I started with the Sensor and when that went the way of the dodo , I moved to the Sensor Excel . Those worked fine . Excel blades are now going up in price and at times are hard to find . Time to move on.After hearing rave reviews of this razor and people I know that like it , I decided to pick it up . It pulls at whiskers . It misses spots . I have grown accustomed to the missed spots and will go over them several times only to find out , after I have cleaned up , that the blade still did not catch those spots . My skin is quite sensitive . These blades are not.To add insult to injury , the blades cost a pretty penny more than their predecessors and they dull much quicker -LRB- straight out of the box -RRB- . Do n't buy this .
 $ 39.99 , and can only be used one -LRB- 1 -RRB- time ! GIVE ME A BREAK !!!!!!!!!
 Perhaps there is a reason these are on sale for half off ? Three separate packs were used out of my box -- each became only slightly heated . After applying the first wrap , I could n't tell if it was working or not ; that 's how un-warm it was . That 's why I opened another . This one felt warmer , but it never became hot , or even warm enough to cause any relief to the sore , crampy muscles . I would not purchase this product again , and in fact , tossed the unused portion of my box in the trash .
 I have a sensitive stomach . The first time I tried this was around 4pm . It took 6hours before it kicked in but once it did , I was up all night . The cramps were so bad I swore I would never use it again . I took loperamide to ease the discomfort and frequent trips to the potty .
 I just drank the tea . It smells and taste nasty . I tried my hardest not to throw up , thinking this is normal . But , I did end up throwing up everything . My head is still spinning , I do not know if I am having an allergic reaction to the tea . But I know that I do not recommend this nor will I ever take it again . I am so sick right now .
 The picture shows a fluffy ostrich feather duster , which is what I thought it was.Wrong!What I got was a feather duster made from who knows what type of bird , but certainly not the fluffy dust-gathering ostrich feathers of the stock photo . The feathers are crisp and sharp edged , as if plucked from a shiny-backed duck . The feather duster I got only resembled the handle , and that 's where the resemblance ended . The duster I received , which BTW is now out in my garage waiting for a garage sale , merely pushes dust around and makes the furniture look worse.Save your money . You might as well use a stiff restaurant napkin for all the good it does.Hmph !!
 If you 're looking for true ostrich feathers , go to your local hardware store -LRB- the real kind , like Ace or Tru-Value -RRB- and you 'll see what they look like . They 're fluffy , grey-black , and hold dust until you give the duster a good shake . This duster was claimed to be ostrich feathers , but was most obviously chicken or rooster feathers - shiny , stiff , smooth-shafted feathers of a rainbow of reds , golds and greens , and all they do to dust is scatter it.PS - Shoplet has issued me a full refund , without requiring me to return the item . I 'd give them another chance .
 I did not feel any increase in energy using this product . Still trying to find the ephedra products that worked for me .
 I recently purchased these bags at a supermarket that I do n't normally go to and they were the best price for the quantity . They fit fine and the kind we bought had an odor block and that was dandy too . We have used about 10 or so of the bags and about half of them have had rips and tears in them upon taking them out of the trash can . The plastic lining that you tie the bag with will constantly rip through the bag if you are n't extra careful . Tonight was the last straw when I had to double bag our trash because the bag completely ripped and there was no way to tie it . I really wish I would n't have bought such a big box as I will definitely stick to a different brand next time .
 I purchased these bags from walmart and I am disapponted with the quality . -LRB- Hefty 13gal . drawsting unscented odor block 85 bags -RRB- . The drawstring breaks very easily . Not near the Hefty quality I expect . If I wanted this quality I would have bought the Walmart brand . Is everyone going to this ? I pay the extra money to know that I get the best . But now I think that I should go with the cheap stuff . It performs the same if not better
 This is a premium-brand bag with the quality of a store brand . I 've used six of these bags and torn three , all just below the blue straps . They 're thinner than past Hefty bags . If you actually intend to fill the bag , your refuse is heavy or sharp , or your can is tight , buy something else . The Ultra Flex line is a major improvement , but no better than these bags were in the past .
 I am by far no expert when it comes to protein powders , but what I can tell you , is taste is extremely important to me . I bought a sample packet of Spiru-tein -LRB- chocolate -RRB- at a local health food store and when I got home and opened it up , it had an awful , strong smell . I hoped that after I put it in the blender with my other ingredients , I would not notice it . I was wrong . I used almond milk , ice and PB2 and blended it together . It tasted almost as bad as it smelled . I added some chocolate syrup just to see if it would help , but it did not . I drank it anyway . I threw the empty package in the garbage and in no time , the stench took over my kitchen . When my Husband came home 5 hours later , he asked if I had just fed the cats their fishy canned food . Nope ! That was the protein powder . Yuck.So , no matter how healthy the product is , I would never buy that again . I 'm glad it works well for others , but I suggest for those who are not used to plant-based proteins , get the sample , and better yet - sniff the package . lol I can smell it even through the package . I bought the vanilla and natural vanilla Spiru-tein at the same time as the chocolate and they smell through the package as well , so they 're going in the garbage.I also bought Garden of Life RAW Protein powder -LRB- it 's dairy-free , vegan , gluten-free , soy-free -RRB- in the same shopping trip and tried that today -LRB- using same ingredients as last time -RRB- . Although it is gritty -LRB- very gritty -RRB- , there is no smell or taste to it as far as I could tell . My shake tasted great . The powder has no flavor so you can use it with anything . If you can get past the grittiness , I suggest you try it . I 'll be buying a full container of it today .
 Not that any of these shakes taste great , but this is just nasty . They say it ` dissolves instantly ' ... I 'm not sure how they define instantly because I put it in their shaker with skim milk and shook for nearly five minutes and it was still chunky . It was gross to start with , but with chunks it made me gag .
 I bought this product hoping it would help jump start a healthier eating program ... as it turned out it was the most horrible tasting and the worst consistency drink I have ever tried . I tried ice , fruit , etc. . I can not recommend it .
 So i love love love most protein drinks . This one , however , was awful . I was using it as a breakfast drink meal replacement deal and while yes i stayed full for a few hours . . it was all i could do to choke it down.Disgusting ! And it does n't blend well so i was literally gagging over the chunks in it.Terrible for taste but did okay in it 's other needs i suppose . I would n't recommend unless you have no tastes buds and/or an iron stomach !
 This product is dangerous . If I could give zero or negative stars I would.My husband purchased this and was violently ill within an hour or so . He can tolerate just about anything.I went online , looked up the ingredients and then looked up the information on them on WebMd.Here 's what I found : IngredientsChromium
 In my opinion this protein powder is not very good for a chocolate mix . I have definitely had better .
 Ugh , ! If I could get over the taste and consistency/texture of this stuff I might be able to find a lot good about it , but it 's just plain hard to swallow . It 's a pain to get it actually mixed smooth -LRB- unless you carry your blender with you -RRB- . It might be a good product , but I 'm not going to fight with this stuff every time I need a protein drink . So I 'll choke my way through the rest of this container because I do n't want to waste it , but I wo n't be buying it again .
 Years ago I loved the Spiru-Tein , vanilla flavor . It had a wonderful flavor , color , and consistency . It was thick , creamy and smooth . Then they changed for formulation . Now it is green , chalky , thin , and watery . It is disgusting . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I 'm going to do my best to describe how sickening Spiru-tein Protein Energy Meal -LRB- Vanilla -RRB- is , in as few words as possible : Consistency == mucus . imagine drinking a glass full of cow 's spit . adding more water just ruins the water.Color == opalescent green color , like spoiled condensed milkTaste == metallic vanillaTrust me . Do n't waste your money . 1 star is more than it deserves .
 I agree with comments about how bad this product is . I made this as a meal replacement and found it tasted awful ! It tasted like groud up chalk -- I had three swallows and then threw it up . Get this off the shelves . I would not but this again !
 First time I tried this & after reading some good reviews thought I would . It taste very chalky , doesnt mix well & turns green ! Also doesnt fill me up or help my appetite at all . Thought it would be a good inbetween meals drink . I have about half of it left & plan on throwing it out ! Taste is bad !
 I bought this based on all the glowing recommendations but I just could not digest it . After a week or so of using it daily -LRB- only 1 shake a day -RRB- it gave me horrible gas and constipation that went away after I stopped using it . I often make shakes from other protein powders and never had a problem . Not for me.PS - it does have a greenish tinge to it and as for taste , it is ok -LRB- not great -RRB- in milk , but totally gross in just water .
 If you do n't know it by now douching is not a good idea , douching should only be done if your doctor tells you to do so and then only with a prescribed douche or natural douches.Douching increases the risk of vaginal infections such as bacterial vaginosis by introducing foreign chemicals into the vagina , messing up the natural PH and in turn allowing the ` negative ' bacteria to take over - thus causing bacterial vaginosis . Bacterial vaginosis symptoms include excessive discharge and a ` fishy ' smell , douching will make you less hygienic rather than more so , the vagina is self-cleaning and when left to do it 's job it will keep good vaginal health and keep itself clean and pleasant smelling.On top of introducing new chemicals into your vagina this product contains fragrance , which in itself could contain numerous harmful chemicals , which may well leave bad vaginal odour as the least of your problems.If you are experiencing abnormal vaginal discharge consult a doctor , do not make the situation worse by using a douche , anything else is natural and should be allowed to carry on as normal as part of good vaginal health .
 This product did not work for me . I used it for a while and was not happy . NO results at all .
 Do n't waste your money on this - just no effect from this at all . Probably more of a placebo than an actually ` working ' product .
 Honestly I ca n't tell any difference or any results to my body since taking them . While I am sure they are not harmful , they really do n't seem very helpful either !
 Two days after I ordered the trash bags I found them $ 2 cheaper at Big Lots
 That `` gripper '' feature basically just means the bags will be hard to fit onto your garbage can . The bags seem to tear pretty easily , too .
 Have been taking for about 6 months and recent blood tests shows my cholesterol same as year ago 224 . But my Triglycerides went from 129 to 161 . SO I will finish out my recent purchase but wont buy again .
 I suffer from arthritis pretty badly in my hands , especially the fingers , and I decided to give this a try because of the anthocyanins and their purported efficacy in treating RA , or at least alleviating some of the pain . However , unlike some of the other reviewers here , I noticed no change in my pain , even after two months . Maybe I should have given it a longer trial , but pain is pain , and because I gained absolutely no relief for it , I have since moved on to trying other things .
 Pills are to big to swallow , need to cut in half . It is easier to buy Juice concentrate , and just mix with water , then drink . Wo n't buy again .
 Ca n't get past the smell it smells like an old ladys perfume . the product worked well I tossed it in the trash after first use due to the nasty scent . My SWEDISH DREAM SEA SALT SOAP is awesome as a face soap and shave soap love the sea scent ...
 Be sure to look at the dimensions - this thing is waist high . A towel will hit the floor . It does n't look like that from the images . Also , it 's cheap wood and the parts do no screw in straight so it 's crooked .
 I might as well put a potatoe in my shake because this product does not even have that much carbs in it . It mixes horribly and it is really chalky . I guess its good that it fills you up , but i would n't buy it again .
 The title of my review says it all ! This product was not at all what I was expecting . I though the `` wafers '' would have been a cracker/cookie/wafer-type product ... not so . They are in more of a tablet form . The flavor is somewhat chocolatey , but it is also quite bitter and protein-y tasting.I will not buy these wafers again .
 Did not disclose that it contained Sucralose - Would not have even ordered - They should disclose all ingredients ! Beware
 taste terrible.and clumps.i have a plastic shaker and it still does not get rid of the clumps.nice customer service.came through the mail quickly but taste terrible
 Works as protein , tastes aweful . Stick with one of the other flavors they offer , like the french vanilla . Its not bad .
 I received this for Christmas after always asking my husband for foot massages . I tried it out with huge expectations that it was actually going to massage my feet . For some reason , it either hurts them or barely touches them . I wear a ladies ' size 8 , so I think my feet are fairly normal as far as size goes . When I put my foot in , I ca n't put all my weight onto my foot or the pressure is too much . Also , full leg wight pushes the thing away from me so I have to keep scooting it back . Alternatively , holding my leg up so my foot feels good makes my leg tired ! This thing is AWESOME for massaging calves , but forget the feet . I am going to buy a $ 30 water massager and watch sadly as my $ 250 ottoman collects dust .
 Aug 8 2008The item pictured in this seller 's listing is `` ALCOHOL FREE '' Vitex -LRB- see the green strip at the top of the label -RRB- , and is described as `` low alcohol '' in the title . It is neither of these things . The item they shipped us has a red strip with `` ORGANIC ALCOHOL '' in the same location as the green strip in the picture . This product is * NOT * safe for people who are sensitive to alcohol . Do not buy this item from WebVitamins ; look for it from another seller.Apr 14 2009Just updating to say that the seller has corrected the product image . I have not reordered from them , as they do not have the alcohol-free product I need .
 I am a graduate student who works on zeolites and I can guarantee beyond a shadow of a doubt that zeolite detox products are a scam . Any health progress you have made while on zeolite products is caused by something else . There is currently a class action lawsuit pending on the major marketer of zeolite detox products in Florida because there is no evidence that they help detox at all . In fact , if you look at the structure of a zeolite there is no way that it can interact with very large toxins in any meaningful way at all . In industry they are used for separating and interacting with very small molecules , which can in many cases fit inside the zeolite pore framework . Please do n't waste your money . Some holistic medicine is legitimately very effective . This is not . It 's not just this product . No zeolite detox products are legit .
 I do medical research on a daily basis . This is what I do for a living . I came across Zeolite a lot when researching alternatives to chemo for cancer . However , could n't verify any of it . One site that touts it along with a bunch of other VERY EXPENSIVE snake oils has NO AUTHOR & even the site 's registration is hidden . Another site that sells these products , same thing -LRB- reg is hidden , they pay extra to have their company name , owner , phone and address hidden -RRB- . Why are they hiding ? This is why I chose not to buy it.The only thing I found was on Pub Med dot gov stating `` Zeolites are effective ROS-scavengers in vitro '' . ROS-scavengers is a good thing . However , they did n't use this brand and there are different types of Zeolites.I believe in the power of certain supplements but not sure there is one that 's good for cancer . If there is , it would most likely be an `` anti-fungal '' because cancer is a fungus -LRB- some antifungals are garlic , Vit C , Great Tea Extract -RRB- . I 'm seeing Fucoidan a lot for cancer but ca n't be sure if it 's just `` marketing '' -LRB- many are sold only under Multi-Level Marketing -RRB- . But , it is an anti-fungal and I do take it .
 I 'm comparing these to the pre-packaged wipes I get from Lenscrafters in the mall and the Zeiss wipes are not as good . I have severe allergies in the springtime and find that the insides of my lenses get spotted with salt from all the blinking when my eyes get irritated . With the Zeiss wipe , I can get all the spots off , but it leaves a hazy film on the lens . With the Lenscrafters wipes , my lenses are completely transparent when I 'm done -LRB- but they are expensive and require a trip to the mall -RRB- . So , guess I 'll have to keep looking for an alternative .
 I bought these because I thought they would not put the Zeiss name on a substandard product . Wrong ! These tissues leave a disgusting , filmy residue that is almost impossible to get off the lens surface . Not only that , but there is a lot of moisture inconsistency from one package to the next . Some are nearly dry , others are so wet that I need to let them `` air out '' prior to use or the streaks they leave behind will be even worse.I ca n't belive that Zeiss allowed their name to be attached to this abomination of a lens wipe.These wipes are not made by Zeiss , but some company called Nice-Pak Products in Orangeburg , NY.I 'll email Zeiss to see if they will exchange this trash for some decent wipes.Thankfully , I still have a few of the Baush and Lomb wipes left to clean up the mess that Zeiss tissues left behind.Edited on 4/07/09 to add the following : After I complained to Zeiss about the streaking and scummy film this wipe left on my camera lens , I got this response : `` The product you refer to is sold by the Carl Zeiss Vision division and is intended for use on eyeglasses and not multi-coated camera lenses . I have forwarded your message to them for follow-up . `` Based on Zeiss ' response , I think that the lens and camera related tags on this product description are wrong and misleading .
 Though carrying the big name Zeiss , I found that this product is not working as well as the one that we got from Walmart . This product cleaned off the dirty stuff , but then leave residues and streaks on the glasses , even for a surface that was initially clean . The one that we got from Walmart , however , when dried , leaves a clean surface . So I am really disappointed with this Zeiss product . The chemical they used will leave marking/streaks on the surface !
 The Lens Cloths do a good job of cleaning , but they leave a residue behind . I even saw a residue when I cleaned my reading glasses , and I can easily see it on my camera lenses . A better solution for my camera is a fine cloth with no seams , and a lens cleaning solution .
 The wipes clean the lenses OK but leaves lines where the alcohol dries . Not the best wipes I have used .
 I was disappointed with this product , because it leaves a lot of smearing/residue on the glass . I would n't even use this for my eyeglasses , much less for my expensive camera lens . The dry micro-fiber cloths , from Zeiss and other manufacturers , work much better .
 I purchased these for my glasses and my son 's because they were inexpensive . After using them for appproximately two weeks , my glasses are badly scratched and so are my son 's . His glasses are only two weeks old . I now will have to have our lenses replaced , even though the lenses in both pairs of glasses are scratch resistant . These inexpensive wipes have caused an expensive problem .
 I bought these exact wipes for about $ 2 at Wal-Mart and was excited to have found a pre-moistened wipe for my lenses when I 'm on location that do n't cost a fortune . Well , I got what I paid for ! They streaked horribly and it took a bit of effort to get my lenses nice and clean again . I do n't wear glasses , so I do n't know if they would be better for that or not .
 Zeiss lens cleaner leaves a streaky film everytime I 've used them which has been on a daily basis for two months . I will never purchase this lens cleaner again .
 These wipes are so wet that they leave streaks on my lenses . They work well if you keep them around for a second wipe once they 've dried out a bit . -LRB- I had better luck with the branded wipes from a local optical shop , See . -RRB-
 These cloths always leave streaks on both pairs of my glasses . I would n't buy these cloths again .
 Each time I use these cloths , I get streaks on my glasses . I 'm going to toss them away .
 I bought these despite some of the negative reviews here due to streaking . I can confirm this . I bought these primarily for my glasses as well as camera lenses and they do not deliver . Every cleaning leaves streaks on my glasses . I used one on my Wide Angle lens which is three hundred dollars and not only did it leave streaks , but a strange film as well . It took me nearly 5 minutes with a number of lens cleaning tissue and solution just to get my lens clean and it usually only takes me 40 seconds . Do not buy . Per another reviewer here , I went to walmart to look for a generic brand that the reviewer had success with . All they had was Bausch & Lomb Sight Savers . I bought a box at three bucks , and low and behold these guys are near perfect . No streaking on my glasses or lenses and they are cheaper , 6 cents a piece vs 10 cents with the Zeiss -LRB- after shipping -RRB- . With the Bausch & Lomb I get very slight streaking -LRB- which is nowhere near what the Zeiss wipes leave -RRB- if I use the entire wipe on a small surface area probably bc there is too much fluid . I 've learned if I just use a small corner on my glasses and wipe gently until it dries , then no streaks whatsoever with the Bausch & Lombs . On bigger areas such as my Ray Bans , no problems whatsoever , I just use half of the tissue , and then quickly use the other half on my pda , phone , or whatever . Zero stars for the Zeiss Lens Cloths , but 5 stars for the Bausch & Lomb .
 I bought a box of these wipes at Costco and found that most were dried up and worthless . This is a poor product . I like the Flents wipes much better . They are as good as the Lenscrafter wipes . You can get the Flents at Amazon.Com
 This product does a decent job of cleaning your lenses , but is kind of useless on its own . No matter what I do , I have splotches and smears if I just use the pre-moistened cloth . I have to wipe with another cloth , like my shirt , after cleaning to get a clear lens .
 I bought these lens cloths because there were mixed reviews . I was hoping that perhaps my lenses were different and would n't experience the hazing / film issue . Well , I have multiple coatings on my lenses for anti scratch and UV and the like , and these lenses do leave a film on the lens . I found that if I use them on clear safety glasses with no coating , the lens dries streak free . If I use these on my eyeglasses though , I need to follow the wipe immediately with a tissue to dry them before the haze appears.Due to this issue , there 's no way I would take these anywhere near my camera lenses . I have no idea if the haze would appear , but I 'm not risking thousands of dollars of lens to a cheap wipe.Will I still use them ? Yes . Until the 180 are all gone . Would I recommend them ? No . They are only as convenient as sitting on my desk at work next to a box of tissues .
 No matter how well I wiped my lenses , it always dried with streaks and I had to use another cloth to finish the job -LRB- usually my shirt or a tissue ! -RRB- . I have used other brands and have not had this problem .
 I have been very unhappy with this product because all the cloths are dried out when I open them . This should NOT be the case . My guess is that these Lens Cloths have been sitting around in the warehouse at the company for a very long time to dry out like this when they have n't even been opened.I will not be purchasing from this company -LRB- USA Wholesale Club -RRB- in the future . No wonder their cost was lower than their competitors . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 A situation where Zeiss has licensed its name to maker `` Nice-Pak Products , Inc. '' Zeiss has erred , as this stuff is worthless , leaving a lens worse off than it was before use . Pronounced smeared residue . I write this having tried enough packets , on a variety of lenses , to judge its quality . I 'm a pro photographer and eyeglass wearer . Still like Kodak 's liquid and tissues the best .
 I do n't think these are as good as Lens Crafters are , but are less expensive.The problem I have is that the last two times I bought them , most of them were mostly dried out upon opening the individual packages . That does not help the price be less expensive . If anyone has a web site for this company , I sure could use it to let them know that the company packaging their product is messing up . thanks
 Usually we 'd like to take the measurement a few time to make sure we get the correct reading . However , it gives dramatic different reading for each try no matter in rectal or under arm mode .
 The thermometer is supposed to take seven seconds to read , however the one I received would only read for about 3-4 seconds . This caused bad temp readings , which never even got up to normal body temperature . I was very disappointed , as other reviews were quite positive . Hopefully this one was an anomoly . I returned to Amazon for a refund .
 The price was right , but the expiration date was in just a few months ! I believe that the company was just try to dump their old stock . This is fine if the buyer was informed of why the price was low .
 First of all , let me say that Odwalla makes absolutely the best bottled juices on the market . Original flavors , always fresh , and wonderful to pour down on a hot busy day.So I tried these bars in good faith . I love strawberry . I love pom . I love the idea of berries and antioxidents and all that healthy stuff . And they are portable . And they are good for me -- I know this.But the taste and the texture are really disappointing . Like a thick paste . Sort of an artificial strawberry taste -- even though I just KNOW Odwalla would never use a fake strawberry flavor . And did I say gooey and like a paste ? No crunch.Ah well . Back to the juice .
 Just switched to this brand . Not crazy about it . I do n't feel any difference in regard to feeling calmer or more relaxed . I 'll switch next time I have to order .
 On two occasions I ordered a purple fanny pack from Online Fitness . In both cases they kept me waiting over a week before cancelling both orders . It appears they take orders for merchandise they do n't have , but hope to obtain . They failed to answer my emails or advise me as to my order status.As far as I am concerned I will never do business with this company , Online Fitness , again .
 I am a medical student . I ordered one of these kits recently . It seemed to work okay until I needed to replace one of the diaphragms with one of the included bells to do blood pressure measurements . Unfortunately , the bells -LRB- all three of them -RRB- do NOT fit either side of the stethoscope . The male threads on the metal body of the stethoscope are smaller than the female threads inside each bell . I returned my first kit to Amazon and requested a replacement from Amazon . Unfortunately it is identical
 Frankly speaking I am not sure how to rate it . And here is why
 We 're having trouble with this thermometer ... it does n't seem to have a very consistent reading . One reading will say 101.4 and the next one will be 98.4 . It jumps around so much and we 're getting kind of tired of it .
 WE HAVE USED THIS THERMOMETER FOR 4 MONTHS NOW -LRB- THE AGE OF OUR SON -RRB- , AND ARE SICK AND TIRED OF HAVING ONE 97.1 READING , THEN 104.3 READING !!!! HOW IN THE WORLD CAN THIS THERMOMETER STILL BE ON THE SHELVES WITH HOW INNACURATE IT 'S READINGS ARE ???? DO NOT WASTE YOUR $ $ $ $ OUR INSTINCTS HAVE HAD TO TELL US WHEN OUR SON IS RUNNING A FEVER , UNFORTUNATELY OUR THERMOMETER HAS NOT ... WE ARE PURCHASING A BETTER ONE !
 I was sent paper rulers that measure 6 in . Nothing at all like what I thought I was getting . The picture of the product I ordered is what I wanted . I have no use for the items I was sent .
 Rhodiola works great . When I ran out of MIND BODY & SPIRIT , I picked this up and a couple of other brands as well . Could n't get the same Rhodiola lift out of it . While another reviewer has good luck with it , I think that may be because she has n't tried anything else . This product just does n't have much going for it . I had to double up on the dosage to get any noticeable effect .
 I have n't had this case for more than a month , and after a one-time use , each zipper bent , and the case itself became frayed , not to mention the wheels only cause the product to be more awkward than over-the shoulder carrying . Not enough space to put linen or face cradle.Don ' t buy this product ; It 's full of problems .
 I love the concept of the carrier , the wheels roll very nicely , but I 'm having balancing issues . when I try to put my supplies in the side pockets the carrier gets off balance and I 'm fighting to keep it upright . I 'm considering some options to help correct this either by making a saddle type holder for my supplies , or by widening the base of the carrier -LRB- by about 5 inches or so -RRB- to make it more stable and allow for a large side pocket to stow the supplies in . Still thinking , Trina
 Though I like the convenience of being able to carry all of my necessities for working in my carrying case , that is about all that this product offered . The material the product is made of is not the strong quality of material that is needed to lift a table in and out of a vehicle . The material started to rip apart after the second use . I was disappointed for only being able to get two uses out of it .
 It 's been 6 months since I purchased this carrying case and it is already falling apart . In fact it is on it 's last stitch . Do not buy this product .
 I 've high hopes for this brand but unfortunately did not deliver . I used to use Cutting Gel and really worked wonders for me . Only thing I didnt like about it was the odor . I saw reviews about Dermazide that it is much better than Cutting Gel and without that odor issue . I tried using it for a month and didnt see any results . I wanted to return it but didnt have time to find out how to do that .
 This is a very disapointing First Responder Kit . It is smaller than what is presented and half of the bag is taken up by a Blodd Pressure Tester in a box . I work around Paramedics and this kit is a joke . Do not purchase . Also , the company will stick you with the return postage after you find out what a waste this kit is .
 I recently purchased this kit and was very disappointed.First , it does n't look like the photos and does n't have the reflective strips or star of life symbol.Second , it does n't contain the advertised items , contents are as follows :1 x pair generic snips1 x Stethoscope1 x Sphygmometer1 x multi trauma dressing 12 &#34; x 36 &#34; 1 x Berman airway kit1 x Foil Mylar blanket2 x Diagnostic pens -LRB- flashlights -RRB- 1 x x 60 &#34; x 96 &#34; burn sheet3 x 2 &#34; stretch gauze bandages2 x 3 &#34; stretch gauze bandages2 x 6 &#34; stretch gauze bandages5 x 5 &#34; x 9 &#34; Combine pad dressing10 x 2 &#34; x 2 &#34; gauze pads15 x 4 &#34; x 4 &#34; gauze pad5 x Triangular bandages4 x Instant cold packs1 x Glucode gel1 x Wire Splint1 x CPR mask10 x adhesive &#34; band-aid &#34; type dressings8 x disposible gloves1 x bottle Hydrogen PeroxideSPECIFICALLY , and despite the product description , it came with NO : - 5 1/2 Bandage Scissors - Kelly 5 1/2 &#34; Straight Forceps - Mini Scalpel , Tourniquet , - Sat Stick - 2 &#34; x 2 &#34; Burn Stop Dressing - 4 &#34; x 4 &#34; Burn Stop Dressing - Seat Belt Cutter - Alcohol Prep Pads - PVP Prep Pads - Ammonia Inhalants - Oval Eye Pads - Sting Pads - bag assorted Flex Bandages - Extra Large Plastic Strip Bandages - 1 &#34; Cloth TapeWhen I emailed the seller saying that the kits looked nothing like the photos -LRB- I had n't had the chance to go through the contents at that stage -RRB- , I received the reply that said &#34; There are 5 different pictures shown from 5 different sellers of this product . Unfortunately the picture which is first on the list of pictures shown which does not have the emblem on it is our bag &#34; . I guess it 's just luck as to whether you 'll get the bag and/or contents shown in the product description , and I was unlucky !
 Overall this is a great product , however the description lists MANY items that are not actually included in the bag . As it turns out the list that I saw was a product review , citing all the extra items the customer had added to make it complete . Also the blood pressure cuff , nor the stethascope work . I 'm not sure if I deal with the manufacturer or Amazon ?
 First let me rate this according to the actual Amazon information.Is it a First Responder Trauma Bag?Yes , sort of.Is it Fully Stocked?Again , sort of . It is full of stuff that may be useful as a First Responder . Some of the items are really useful , some of them not so much . For a First Responder bag I would have expected some items that were not included , kind of like what you find in a nicely stocked first aid kit . I did n't see a list of what should be included either in the shipment , or online , so I will just have to guess that everything I have is what I should have and that there is nothing missing.The name implies that this is a bag meant for a First Responder , and not an EMT-B , I or P so I would not expect to find some of the things I would want in a trauma bag and this is certainly the case , however I also find some things I would n't expect to find like a scalpel , oral glucose , a cuff and scope , not that those are not useful for an EMT , just nothing a First Responder should be messing with according to most protocols.NOW regarding other reviews READERS BEWAREShawnSpector called this trauma bag `` the best '' and described the bag as `` SUPER thick '' and `` durable '' Either Shawn got a different bag than I did , or his idea of thick and durable is suspect . My underpants are made of thicker material , though I will readily admit they are probably not as durable . I bought this based on the reviews , and 16 ` x9 ` x6 '' -LRB- approximate loaded size -RRB- bag is n't large and roomy . It is setup to allow you to organize fairly well , but this is an occasional weekend trip bag , not one built for daily use . I think for what mine contained it was barely worth the price , but again , I had no inventory list included to compare with . My advice , buld your own bag . If you are not sure of what you should include , ShawnSpector has a very comprehensive list , with a few redundancies and a number of items that should never be needed by anyone below the Paramedic level , and not by many of them . IMHO A somewhat pared down version of that list would be ideal for most EMTs and extreme overkill for the untrained .
 Though there are many items in the bag , it is geared more towards first aid instead of Trauma . The bag is very low quality and the price is a bit to high . You could have made this kit for half the products . This bag gives your convenience but not worth the price .
 I 've had low-cal diet proteins/shakes before and they never taste great , but this was absolutely disgusting . I actually had to stop half-way through my first shake because I started to vomit . I hate wasting something I paid for so I continued to take it and I 've gotten past my initial vomit reflex so I can actually drink an entire shake now.But this is by far the worst-tasting thing I 've ever consumed , ever , and I think less of Optimum Nutrition for putting out such a disgusting product . I strongly discourage you from buying this .
 I bought this because of the advertised high protein content , but the amount of protein listed is only if you use two scoops . I tried two scoops and got pudding in my shaker ! Plus the taste was intolerable , I could n't force myself to use it for more than a week !
 I 've been wanting to eat healthier , and figured using a protein shake to replace 1-2 meals a day , would be a good start . So I bought ON Complete Protein Diet , and the Pro Complex -LRB- both in chocolate -RRB- . OMG are the tastes night and day . The Complete Protein Diet has a fairly good taste when you first take a sip , but holy jeebus , the aftertaste . I have no idea how to describe it , besides it tasting like chemicals and cheap flavoring . Plastic-y like taste , that I have to make myself swallow.It also has a pudding like texture , except it 's still kind of gritty . I was very disappointed in it . It has absolutely wonderful nutrients , and the kind of proteins I was looking for . But the cons outway the pros.Take a look at the Pro Complex -LRB- not the natural , no idea about it 's taste -RRB- . It has a wonderfully smooth texture , and the taste is very nice . The aftertaste is almost cinnamon , but not quite . Delicious though !
 yep , it does the job but it is runny , which = messy , and IT STAINS SHEETS . PERMANENTLY . i decided to dye the white sheets one day and now you can really tell all the lube stains are a different color than the rest of the sheets . pretty horrifying , and it 's all astroglide b/c that 's the only thing we 've used in years . yes , i had bleached them , used oxyclean , etc. . . stains still there.buy something else , there have to be some lubricants out there that are n't so runny and do n't stain .
 I tried Astroglide because it seems to be the most popular lubricant on the market . However , I ca n't really figure out why , as it is my least favorite of the ones I have tried.The liquid is thin , extremely messy , and has a tendency to run all over the place . The runniness and ensuing mess were so bad that it sort of became an in-joke between me and my partner . It 's also very easy to get too much unintentionally . When you put it where you want it , it wo n't stay put unless you use your entire hand to spread it on the surface , so your choice is to dribble on the sheets or be left with a very messy hand.The lubricant itself does n't seem to last very long and reapplication is usually necessary . I personally did n't think it felt as good as other products , as it seemed less slippery.In addition , this product has ruined my very nice 400-count cotton sheets . There are permanent lube stains now that refuse to wash out . I realize that there is some risk of staining with lubricants , but the fact that it 's water-based * and * impossible to avoid some dripping on the sheets makes this issue even more frustrating to me.If I can help it , I will never buy Astroglide again . Boo Astroglide!I am , however , very pleased with the next product we tried , Durex Play More Lubricants - Pleasure Enhancing , 3.38 oz . It , too , is water-based , so it is safe to use with condoms . The product is thicker , meaning it does n't run like crazy , and the bottle has a pump which makes it less messy and easier to get just the right amount .
 Wasted $ 14 on 2 cans of this OFF . My child got 35 + mosquito bites on his legs and arms during football practice , after using this spray !
 The metal spring neck comes detached from the handle all the time . Can fly off at an unpredictable angle . There are very similar items that are less expensive and do n't fall apart . The bongers are relatively easy to fix with epoxy but should come made better .
 I 've had two sets of these , both fell apart way too quickly . As you can tell from the picture what you have here is a rubber ball attached to a wooden handle through a flexible piece of metal . You 'd think that would be pretty hard to screw up and that they should be expected to last at least a few years . Not so , the metal on both pairs was not firmly attached to the base , causing it to move left and right during use . The ball on one of them flew off the metal and hit someone in the head , not cool ! The concept here is good , but the quality here makes these a do n't buy . Look for higher quality alternatives or wear a helmet !
 Not one to down a product just seems these are a bit silly and not worth 25.00 . I could have bought some cheap balls and glued them to a stick , not really loving it .
 These `` ancient Japanese '' massage tools are actually made in China . The flexible metal handles came discolored -LRB- rust ? -RRB- , but do not appear to be otherwise damaged . The product just looks old and used , including the rubber balls which look sloppily manufactured . I would be willing to pay $ 5 for these from a garage sale . I think this was a case of false advertising , and would not recommend ordering these .
 I purchased a `` new '' set and received an old RUSTY pair of bongers . The metal is corroded , the handles are 2 different shades of brown and the ball ends have pock marks and are clearly very old and decrepit . Not happy with this purchase at all . I will be returning .
 this is probably 5th pair i got rom spenco rx products for my parents as both have issues with their feet . . This orthotic version was the first of its kind purchase . It has the characteristics of well made insert from Spenco , this pair meet expectations . It offers a strong heel build , it is not just rubber / foam mix , this has a molded glued plastic portion , gives strenght to heel . But it does not offer much arch support as i am used to seeing in Spenco products . I didnt return it , using it as fresh insert for a pair sneaker .
 For me the distance between the heel and the arch is too long and you can not trim the heel like you can the toe section . Also the arch support is very hard . I would not purchase again .
 Pros : These orthotics fit perfectly inside my size 15D shoes.Cons : Since the ball and toe section of the item are made of a flexible rubber foam , when sliding my feet into my shoes the insoles would slide towards the end and curl up.The most annoying part of these orthotics is that they squeak loudly when I take a step due to the orthotic rubbing against the shoe . It was terribly annoying for everyone around.Don ' t get them .
 These were not what I was hoping they 'd be . They 're a little better in my sneakers than the insoles that came with the shoes -LRB- which are New Balance walking shoes , only a month old or so -RRB- , but not by much . I still had arch pain within a couple of hours of wearing the shoes , and arch pain is n't something I experience frequently . I trimmed about an inch off of these because they were way too long in my women 's 11W shoes . I have moderately flat feet , & average instep & am full-figured . These are better than `` nothing '' , but I have learned my lesson - the important thing is to buy superior -LRB- which usually means more expensive -RRB- shoes to begin with . Even new orthotics ca n't make unsupportive shoes feel terrific . As I have only had orthotics once before , I can just say that these were not as good as ones I got years ago at a Lady Foot Locker store -LRB- I wish I could remember the brand -RRB- . If you already have normal arches , these might work great for you . Or if you have great shoes to begin with , but the insoles are starting to go , these also might work fine in that case . Just do n't expect miracles !
 These inserts are very wide . None of my shoes fit , even the wide tennis shoes . Since there are a hard plastic in arch to have a better support , they are not be able to trim . I emailed the seller to ask is it the right size -LRB- women 6 -RRB- . The answer was `` Yes '' it is the correct size . It labeled size `` 1 '' for women size 6 and Men size 7 . It is not practical to have one size for both Women and Men . Have the factory tested to see whether it can be fitted into Women 's shoes . I had paid shipping and not willing to pay more for shipping to send back for refund . Thought may be one of friends or families can use , but so far , no luck .
 I have a bunion and a neuroma on my left foot . I saw a Podiatrist who kept reminding me how deformed my left foot is . And then he turned around and told me to buy an off-the-shelf orthotic for a very not off-the-shelf foot . I wore these 3 days -LRB- breaking them in slowly -RRB- and it became obvious that the hard part of the arch support hit my Morton 's Neuroma like a bull 's eye and made my feet hurt much worse than before . I returned them and subsequently bought some Berry and Orange Superfeet insoles . Much better .
 These inserts feel great until they begin sliding forward in my shoe as I walk and bunching up underneath my toes . Tried them in 2 separate shoes and they keep sliding forward . Box says `` unconditional guarantee '' , but ca n't get a hold of anyone at Customer Service to complain . Sticking with my Dr. Scholl 's Extra Support .
 Several years ago , full length Spenco 's were recommended to me by my chiropractor . They specifically recommended the full length and NOT the three-quarter length because the plastic support in the full length was moderate and very comfortable , while the three-quarter was very high and obtrusive.Because Academy Sports stopped carrying the full lengths , I came to Amazon and did n't have a chance to look at them first.Now , They 've changed them . Spenco is using the same big , obtrusive plastic support in the full length as they do in the three quarter.It is like a HUGE wad of something in my shoe . Even though they 're the right size , the arch support is too far back to the heel , and feels like a big old lump that 's not even in the right place , i.e. under the arch . And my shoe does n't fit right . Even side to side across the arch , this new version does n't fit in the shoe . Btw , I temporarily took out the older Spenco from one and wore one of each . The new one just feels wrong.They 're going back .
 I ordered a pair of these Spenco orthotic arch supports after reading all the great reviews.What a disappointment ! I do n't know if they 've changed the design recently , but the plastic arch support is so soft and flexible you can squash it flat with your hands . Of course , when you put your full body weight on it , it flattens out completely , meaning there 's virtually no arch support at all.If you have low arches or flat feet , my advice is to look elsewhere for an orthotic with more rigid arch support .
 I 've been using another brand of insoles for several years but tried Spenco mainly because they are about half the price of the insoles I 've been using . The Spenco insoles worked okay but do not help my feet , legs and back nearly as much as my tried-and-true brand . So , needless to say , I 've changed back to my old brand .
 Although it was the item I ordered , these had a 3/4 hard orthotic under the insert , so I had to reorder the soft spenco arch supports . It took a long time both times to receive my order . But they were a lot cheaper on line .
 I ordered these but they never arrived even though amazon tracking said they did . I ended up getting my money back but after 2 weeks of waiting .
 I have bought spenco insoles for years , and these were very different . They were very wide , and not well suited for a woman 's shoe . Quality wise I guess they are ok , but the only time I think I 'll be able to use them is in my snow boots , and that 's not why I bought them .
 Just another product that says it does something it does not . I wish there was some regulation on these products .
 As of this writing , this product is showing up as a silicone lubricant , but it does not contain any silicone . The only silicone Astroglide product currently is called Astroglide X.
 Is it warming liquid or burning liquid ? My gf and I both agreed it burns .
 This lubricant is entirely too hot . Once things have already gotten started , application of this product is unbearable . We threw it away after the first use which was a very brief moment before my girlfriend went screaming into the bathroom to relieve the terrible burning sensation caused by this product . Just to give you an idea of how bad it is , I was wearing a condom and I still felt the burning sensation through the condom . It was bad.My experience with this product is of very limited use ; however , because of the severity of the discomfort caused by it , I have trouble recommending it to anyone . Maybe this product would be an exciting part of foreplay or what have you , but I highly discourage the use of this product for any sort of high friction activity.Be safe out there ! - Unofficial Reviewer
 While this book compiles information in an easy-to-use format , I am concerned about the lack of some very important information . As noted in the other review , there is no dosing information . The authors also do n't list botanical names , which can lead people to use the wrong plant , or a species of the plant with little medicinal value . Lastly , none of the recipes or herb descriptions explain which part of the herb to use . This will make a good quick reference once I know a bit more about what I am doing , but is not a good beginner 's book .
 My husband hates it . . that too i got 4 of these . . he feels constantly uncomfortable wearing these . . waste of money .
 Had these for a little over a year ... Some of the covers in my order fit , some were too small . As you probably know , face cradle covers have to fit correctly or the client gets very uncomfortable . The company needs to work on quality control . The fabric was ok but I 've seen better flannel , it wore out relatively quickly.Basically you get what you pay for - a cheap product . I 'm looking for an alternative source .
 Fabric is coarse and kind of cheap canvas . Also , Stitching on inner curveis hard on forehead / eyebrows . Have has several clients mention this.Price just does n't reflect quality . Think burlap bag type canvas material .
 After using these for 6 months , I have to downgrade my review . They 're okay , but I wo n't buy them again , and I ca n't really recommend them . The fabric is soft , thick flannel , but it has begun to `` pill '' in the wash . Also they 're not as generously sized as some covers out there . They 've shrunk to the point that they no longer fit my memory foam face rest . However , I imagine they 'd fit fine if you used one of those smaller face rests .
 These items were advertized as fitted face rest covers for massage therapy . All massage linens must be properly sanitized between uses for health and safety reasons , the face rest cover in particular . The care instruction label says , `` Use only non-chlorine bleach when needed ; Machine wash COLD ; Line dry , do not tumble dry . '' Therefore , these covers are not made of material suitable for the advertized use . A company that makes a product specifically for the massage trade should know this . They are not even usable as a one-time disposable , since they would need to be properly laundered before being used.In addition , the material is thin and of poor quality , even if they could be sanitized they would not wear very well . I am very disappointed that Amazon should sell such a shoddy product .
 I am completely disappointed with these cradle covers !! I thought the price was good and now I know why . They shrank so much at first washing that they no longer fit . Buyer Beware .
 They are WAY too small to fit on the pillow . My husband and I were pulling on them like Olympian athletes and finally gave up . What a waste : -LRB-
 this stuff gave me hprrible heartburn . d not buy if you value your chest being normal . I do NOT reccommend .
 Why waste your hard earned money ? Just mix a 1/4 teaspoon of cayenne powder in with your protein drink and save your cash !
 This purchase was a waste of money . They did not magnify any better than a magnifying mirror . The design is flawed in that I had to hold them in a adjusted way in order to put on my eye make up . I used them once . They seemed to be designed by someone who did n't use them . I was very disappointed especially for what I paid .
 Horrible experience . Took a month for my order to arrive . The company never responded to my messages and I could never reach anyone by phone .
 I gave it 2 stars because it does n't hurt , does n't give you weird reactions or allergies , which is always good , but it does n't really help either , I did n't feel any difference taking it , after it I still got sick several times , I finally found another product that help me better with my immunological system but I guess I should n't write it in another product review ...
 I love Now products but for what ever reason every single time I take this Omega I get a nasty headache and stomach unease . I tried it 3 times and on the third time I gave up . No other Omega product that I 've tried has ever done this to me . Very disappointed .
 It 's only my opinion , but NOT a GOOD BUY . Cheaply made and overpriced . The `` Single Syringe 1 Piece '' for $ 2.95 is a better deal . Or better yet , just buy a toothbrush holder .
 These items probably cost the seller about 10 cents each and are worth less . Cheap plastic , difficult to open and poorly designed . Do n't throw your maoney away !!! I tried to give it zero stars but amazon insists on at least one star .
 Hawthorne leaves and flowers are used to treat heart ailments and not the berries . The berries have very little or no effect on any heart related illness . I am giving this product two stars not because Swanson is a bad company but rather wrong ingredients are used here . If they started selling a product made with Hawthorne leaves and flowers , then I 'll be the first one to buy it . I hope this help .
 Ask yourself ... Why Parisi 's reviews are always the first and the oldest review on hundreds of supplements , few years ahead of any other review written by anyone else and that is the same situation not for one review but for hundreds of review and all those reviews with high scores for the seller and the product itself.READ THE COMMENT BY GREAT COOK IN PARISI 'S REVIEW ... Astonishing ... Parisi 's review is dated 2006 and the next review is dated 2009 . I guess no one ever purchased any of these supplements for few years in between or if they did , they had no opinion at all . Parisi even claims that he/she has been consuming all those supplements for years before writing the review . Majority of Parisi 's reviews are set like that and even though in many of his/her reviews Parisi is reminded that his/her review is misleading in Perisis 's comment section by other individuals , Parisi fails to respond or update his/her comments for some seven years . Meantime Parisi claims in many of his/her comments -LSB- I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY -RSB- ... No one can afford to swallow down that many supplements a day . No honest individual would let his/her review go so many years without updating such review if they are reminded by others that is misleading time after time .
 Being a migraine sufferer , I was really anticipating trying this item BUT the product has an EXTREMELY strong perfume/soap ODOR that is from being on a shelf next to strong smelling items or possibly being packaged w / them . Therefore , once I have a headache , it is not possible for me to even try the product because strong perfume smells ALWAYS make migraines much worse . So , I am extremly disappointed that I ca n't give it a fair shot . I used to work in a natural foods store so I am very familiar w / this smell . A lot of the natural soaps have a very potent smell . I 'd like to try one right off the production line !
 Works on basic chemistry . Salt water reacts to the electrodes , and produced iron/rust . Lab test have proven it with testing the water after a so called treatment . The water will change the same color with or without feet . This is just old fashion smoke and mirrors , snake oil . The fact is that if someone spends money on an item to make them feel better , the mind will tell them it does .
 Shoe is not well secured around the heel of the foot and would frequently fall off of the foot . With diabetic neuropathy I am not always aware of when it does this and several times and to look around the house to see where the shoe fell off at . There needs to be a strap towards the rear of the shoe .
 Shoe is not well secured around the heel of the foot and would frequently fall off of the foot . With diabetic neuropathy I am not always aware of when it does this and several times and to look around the house to see where the shoe fell off at . There needs to be a strap towards the rear of the shoe .
 I purchased two pair of these braces and they are not worth the money . The material is cheap and the brace is poorly constructed . My attempts to contact the company were unsucessful . We 're switching back to the McDavid braces which are Podiatrist recommended .
 Hello , The BP cuff worked for a bit ... First the stiching that held the Guauge on became unravled . And then the Valve on the bulb snapped off , when I was closing the valve . I ended up buying another one locally for 4 dollars more ... and it was of much better quality.Sorry , But i would not recomend this ... but maybe i got a fluke . _ trv
 The Mabis BP monitor that I ordered arrived in timely fashion today , but that was the only good news . The monitor gauge itself was cracked , and the warranty expressly does not cover `` broken parts . '' As it was relatively inexpensive and not worth the hassle of returning -LRB- marginally , if the warranty were honored -RRB- I considered it a part of life 's little learning curve and placed it carefully in the dumpster .
 Needed a cheap BP cuff , but when it arrived , the sphygmamometer would not register the pressure inside the inflated cuff until the bladder was about halfway inflated , making this device little more than a flotation device for small animals . Maybe I just received a dud , but duds are not acceptable for a diagnostic medical instrument .
 This product is n't worth the money . The gauge broke within 6 months and is impossible to fix ; even before breaking , it did n't read properly until the cuff was half-full anyway . The cuff itself wo n't stay around a larger pt 's arm . Do n't waste your time and money ; buy a good quality cuff from someone else .
 the meter didnt work , nor did the pump ... if I could give it less than one star I would . This bad and cheap product interupted my nursing course .
 Mine worked okay , but the stitching on the little band -LRB- that holds the gauge -RRB- broke after 20-30 uses .
 I bought this cuff for my daughter who is attending college for nursing . After the first time of use , it stuck on 25 and was inaccurate . When looking at returning , it would cost more to return than it was worth . Very disappointed in Amazon on this product ...
 My girlfriend and I had a very bad experiance with this product . I applied the lube and noticed , yes it got warm . . not too bad.I used some on her and we started our fun but almost immediatley she starting screaming `` Ow ! '' It started to burn her and she was in a TON of pain.I had to use another lube just to cool her down , and I forced her to go take a shower.I am guessing that there is a posibility of people having sensitivity to the ingrediant Methylparaben.This is a preservative and anti-mold chemical used for the honey in the product I am guessing.I would highly suggest IF considering this product , use a very small ammount on your arm or a sensitive skin area that is not down below . If it feels ok then try a small ammount first off.I can not reccomend this product , especially after reading a lot of other people had horrid experiances similar to mine.The warning `` if this causes discomfort stop using and seek medical advice '' is not enough I think ... they put it on all of their products .
 Be wary of K-Y Warming Liquid or other warming liquids . I have had experience with this product alone and with a couple of partners . The liquid does indeed feel warm when applied , though I only sometimes found it enjoyable . The consistancy is less than stellar , and the taste is absolutely god-awful . But the worst part is that one experience left my girl running to the shower in order to get rid of the `` burning '' sensation that she felt.Overall ? Do you really need a warming sensation ? Think carefully , and make sure you test it in a small quantity to make sure there are no unexpected problems .
 I bought this as on of the first lubes I 've ever bought , and it was nothing more than horrid . It burnt so badly ! I know other people -LRB- girls and guys -RRB- who have had this exact experience . I would never , ever use this , and would recommend that no one ever does ,
 I have tried twice to use this product . I will put on a little , and it will feel good . As soon i will start the intercourse the burning sensation and pain was unbearable . I have never felt so much PAIN in my LIFE !!! Do n't know what kind of ingredients it has but will not recommend this product to any one . J
 This was the biggest waste of money ever . It did n't warm the slightest bit , and was quite pricey .
 I purchased two pair of these braces and they are not worth the money . The material is cheap and the brace is poorly constructed . My attempts to contact the company were unsucessful . We 're switching back to the McDavid braces which are Podiatrist recommended .
 I purchased two pair of these braces and they are not worth the money . The material is cheap and the brace is poorly constructed . My attempts to contact the company were unsucessful . We 're switching back to the McDavid braces which are Podiatrist recommended .
 If you want to use this for study -LRB- reading while typing , etc -RRB- it is horrible . It is not big enough for my statistics book which is smaller than the average cookbook . It is not a natural setup . I 'm not sure of how to explain other than to say using it compares to trying to open your car door with your back facing it ; it 's easy to do but much easier if you just turn around.I recommend this item
 Does n't quite work for Seniors -LRB- my Mother is 84 -RRB- , the initial ad showed it used by someone lying on their back but when she received it the instructions said to use it on a table or side of the bed .
 La Mer Lip Balm costs $ 45 at retail stores . dont pay these fools the money they are asking . this is an AMAZING product at a horrible price . you could buy 2 or 3 for the price these thieves are asking .
 Usless without a top . Can not get a top . Must have been designed by a man and should be used by same .
 Must have for camping.A No spill cap was included -LRB- not shown -RRB- was a nice plus and makes carry/clean up easy.Only downside is the contact edges where the plastic mold seams come together are very sharp and can cut you , if you press it against you , as the instructions state.Would have given 5 stars if the edges were smooth .
 I tried this product over a year ago and it scars the healthy skin around the corn and leaves a white spot in the middle of the toe from where the corn has been removed . If you are a person with fair to caramel skin tone DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . This product will leave dark scars on your skin that will be there for years . I 've been using a bleaching cream for these dark scars and it 's been working slowly . I really wish someone had warned me of this product . Stay away from it please !!! If only I can rate this product on a level of zero `` 0 '' because it gets no kind words from me .
 i tried this product b/c i have really long toes & had a small corn on my second toe . i thought that this name brand would solve the problem quickly and be painless . i havent been this wrong in a while !!! i did my best to give the product a full 14 days thinking i was being a wuss b/c there is an incredible burn . i am no wuss , i have a high threshold for pain but this burn is like the acid is making its way past the layers of epidermis to your bone . while i still functioned at work -LRB- somehow -RRB- , the 1st few minutes after applying the product , i had to fan my foot to make the burn more tolerable . to make the situation worse , i am a carmel color black woman and the corn that started off tiny doubled in size and then all of the area around it turned darker than any other skin on my body . when i looked at my toe , i felt like i was kissing all my flip-flops good-bye b/c it looked like my toe had died . please dont ever use this product . spare yourself the time & pain that i endured . i write this review b/c i usually read reviews with a grain of salt , but please trust me ! after this horrible experience , i did what i should have initially done & googled `` best , natural corn remedies '' and everything worked to correct the damage dr. scholl 's caused ... i 'm just waiting to see if the corn will be completely removed as i hoped in the beginning . i 'm using vaseline , aloe vera gel , crushed aspirin , lemon peels , apple-cider vinegar soaked cotton pads -LRB- in that order on top of the corn -RRB- and then wrapped up for a day -LRB- on repeat daily :-RRB- . best of luck !
 I have very thick calluses on the balls of my feet and was very excited to try this product but was sorely disappointed . Did everything the directions said and more , yet my thick patches of skin are still with me . Wish there was a cost-effective solution out there that actually worked !
 This DID NOT WORK . It actually made the callus MORE NOTICEABLE AND WORSE . It 's not worth it . For days ... weeks ... I walked around with an OVERLY DRY , WHITE toe because of this product .
 i got my container and all the liquid was outside of the bottle . i had to throw it away , was a waste of $ 7 .
 I had used this product in other packages and it was ok , but this tube dispenses a large amount of product each time and is uncontrollable . If you really want this product I would get a different package . I went back to using Perrigo Trolamine Salicylate 10 % as it has no odor and works better .
 Despite what it says , 8 % H2O2 is not food grade hydrogen peroxide . Look for 35 % H2O2 . If you 're looking for water storage peroxide like I am , do not get this .
 This vendor 's ad does not state what the size is of the product that you are ordering , and when the product arrives , it is half the size of the -LRB- same brand -RRB- comparable priced product .
 I find that these spacers create too much of a gap between my toes . The only thing the spacers appear to do is push over all of my smaller toes . It does nothing to move the big toe . My feet also felt very strained after wearing the spacers all day , so I discontinued using them . Since these are so cheap , it 's worth a try for yourself , but I would n't recommend them .
 I bought these to supplement a pair I bought a few years ago . I think they may be made out of latex , because they caused my toes to become red and itchy wherever they made contact with the product . I tried washing the spacers off to remove the factory powder , but the itching returned upon use of this product . I have had good luck with the Therasteps brand . Therasteps did not cause topical skin reactions .
 These are far larger than I anticipated and did n't fit for me . I found them to be uncomfortable and an unsuitable replacement for ones I had used for years .
 It took a few days to get used to them , and it made wearing most of my shoes unbearable . They did put some strain on my smaller toes rather than relieve my bunion as well . No sooner than I got used to them did they no longer hold their shape , and on the last day I wore them I had to laugh when I took them off to find that they were squished like little slivers and did nothing to hold my toes apart ! They were cheap enough to try . Maybe they would work better for lesser bunions .
 I have a bunion on my left foot and use toe spacers regularly in my shoes and boots - necessary as I live in a big city and walk alot as well as work at a restaurant ! I have used both foam and silicone spacers in the past to general success . This brand did have a strange dustiness to it that was unpleasant and the spacers themselves did not stay in their correct place during wear . I am simply not a fan of this brand and will look elsewhere for a similar product .
 The product name is listed as Extended Release , but the photo shows a bottle that is NOT extended release . BEWARE ! This vendor does not always write accurately . Read the reviews of their other similar product with fewer pills . There I learned that the pills are mini pills . Not mentioned in the description or title there either!You may not get what you think you will . I will not order from this vendor and then worry about the hassle of returns at my expense , etc. . Shame on you , Amazon , for letting this slip by !
 When I received these vitamins in the mail there was a warning message on the bottle that stated
 I was a fan of this company 's food bars at first but tired of them quickly . I think the green label is misleading . If you look there is no vitamin A in these which tells you how little wheatgrass spirulina etc is actually in them . I call these nut butter bars because that is the number one ingredient on most of them and there is actually little nutrition as far as your rdas if you look at the label . On this particular formulation the # 1 is almond butter , so if you think almond butter is super yummy and you ca n't get enough this is the bar for you . Of course they also include the flavorful brown rice protein extract . I 'm really not into these bars anymore but will continue to eat one every other week or so until they 're gone because they 're paid for . Athletes might think they are the shiznit I would n't know
 great ingredients , but tastes odd , kind of rancid even though the exp date is next year . I do n't know if it has n't been stored correctly or this is just the way it tastes .
 Having tried the Green + bars and been disappointed , I was excited to try these Active Greens bars based on the positive reviews here on Amazon . Boy , was I let down . These bars have the texture of paste , and a lingering aftertaste that is reminiscent of aspartame or splenda . They are also loaded with fat and calories , making them the caloric equivalent of a personal lasagne or half a pizza!For the price , these bars are a total rip-off . If you really want green foods in your diet , take Green Vibrance powder in the morning like I do . It tastes wonderful and mixes easily with rice milk . In the meantime , people should actually taste one of these before buying the box . Because these Active Green bars are pretty deadly.I would describe them as slightly better than astronaut ice cream and comprable to play-dough . Avoid these and try the Pure Bars or Larabars , which are delicious and have 40 % less calories.Or buy these and reget it ... It 's your choice .
 The problem is the taste . It 's very bad . I and everyone I 've shared them with agrees . I have had Organic Food Bar 's blueberry and other varieties which I liked v. much . This protein variety just does n't taste good at all -- the rice protein flavor is in full force . Try one before you buy a box , or you 'll be counting down the days till you 've finished of the $ 2 bars ! The nutritional stats of course are great.That said , I do n't know of a good soy-free vegan bar with so much protein . Let us know if you find one !
 i kept this thing too long and now i ca n't return it . i really wanted it to work , watched the video , did the exercises . honestly , i got more out of my cheap smaller ab wheel from academy . i mainly use mine for upper body , maybe strapped it onto my feet twice.even just using it with my hands made my back hurt after awhile and i do n't have a history of back problems . i thought this big nice looking wheel would be a great experience to use . not really . go with the small one unless you totally need to strap this thing to your feet.i wish i could return it .
 Ordered This product from Allegro on the 20th , supposed to ship from the 23rd-24th , It was supposed to be delivered from the 26th-31st . Nothing received so far . I receive an email on the 31st informing me that the item is backordered , and will not be SHIPPED until the 16th of the NEXT MONTH . To this date Allegro still has this item marked as `` in stock '' on the amazon site and their own website . Unacceptable for this to be labeled as such and for it to take over 26 days for an item to ship.I ordered it from a different company , Should be a good product but do not buy from Allegro . Their customer service did n't seem to have a concern about this either .
 My dermatologist 's nurse used this dressing following removal of some skin cancer . By the third day my skin had turned bright red in the exact shape of the dressing . My husband thought it was because the coverlet adhesive dressing trapped moisture inside with no way to escape like with a regular band aid . This coverlet dressing has a gauze type strip in the middle with adhesive all around . So I stopped using it and my skin is gradually returning to normal.My recommendation ? Avoid this product . Adhesive dressings MUST have an edge where moisture can be wicked away as in band aids .
 Well it definitely makes you feel more `` awake '' but I felt like I was breathing heavy every time I took this . As if I was excited or something . Not sure if it works or not . I certainly didnt lose any weight , which is why I tried it after reading about it in a magazine . Maybe ya have to stick with it longer than I did or something .
 These slippers are a total waste of money . It 's too bad because it 's a good idea and could have been effective . A few more cents spent during manufacture could have made the difference . Talk about quality control . I wore the slippers for approx . half and hour while walking on a tile floor in my house . The cheap plaid material used for the sllipper 's top quickly pulled loose from the stitching to the bottom mop section . It appeared to be a combination of slippery fabric and the material being too close to the stitches so that it EASILY pulled out . Buyer beware .
 I DID NOT LIKE THIS SLIPPERS.THEY DO NOT LAST , THE BOTTOM IS KIND OF SLIPPERY AND MAKES LIKE A PLASTIC NOISE , THE BOTTOM CAN NOT BE REMOVED FOR CLEANING.I BOUGHT THEM TO COMPARE WITH THE SLIPPER GENIE . THE SLIPPER GENIE IS BETTER AND THE BOTTOM CAN BE REMOVED FOR CLEANING.I WILL ORDER SLIPPER GENIE FROM NOW ON .
 the last two bottles I purchased of N-AcetylCyceine pills were a huge disappointment . I had to throw the one bottle away because the pills smelled like rotten eggs . So I opened up the new bottle just sent to me and they too are starting to smell like rotten eggs . Do not know why this is happening but I will never purchase this brand again .
 I bought 2 10-pack of Tianqiu brand ag5/393 16.4 cents each . the good news ends here . I intended to use them on a laserlyte subcompact rail laser system . The battery is very under powered and do not sustain power level at all . I know this because Laserlyte generic factory batteries lasted over 90 mins -LRB- as advertised -RRB- before losing brightness . BUT when I used this brand , the laser was very dim , less than half strength when new and immediately started to lose brightness in a extremely fast rate , it took only 15 mins to drain all power , I ca n't even see the laser unless in darkness last 5 mins of the 15 . The specs of batteries are n't accurate , not even close . 75 mAh ??!!? more like 7.5 mAh/near dead batteries . I can see them in calculators and cheap digital watch that 's about it , if you use this in a analog watch , your watch might not keep time correctly after couple weeks at most . put these in flash lights would be a joke . DO NOT buy these if you intend to use on gadgets with movable parts -LRB- motor/gear -RRB- or lights you will be very disappointed . Frankly , unacceptable .
 Product is not the one pictured . I received the wrong item when I wanted the one in the picture . Plus no returns .
 Unfortunately I did not read the one-star reviews because I already knew I loved Burberry Brit and I figured why do I need to read about how people do n't like the scent . But if I had read the reviews I would have found out that the perfume is not legit . It may be an old bottle of Burberry , but either way the scent does n't last long at all and it does n't smell right to begin with . And as I have been reading after the fact , returning is not possible , even though it does n't say that anywhere on the ad.So do n't buy this product . Honestly , do n't by perfume online unless it 's directly from Macy 's , Sephora etc. . Just pay the big bucks for it .
 The price is too good to be true for a reason ! The packaging is all wrong , and most importantly the perfume is n't burberry brit either . It 's the perfect scam , too , because the product is not returnable . AMAZON.COM PLEASE BAN THIS VENDOR !
 I received a fake Burberry Brit Eau De Parfum -LRB- 3.3 oz -RRB- from Amazon LLC . How do I know it was fake ? I went to a brick and mortar store that sells Burberry Brit , and they showed me all the details that were different between the authentic perfume and the one that I purchased . Not only was the perfume packaging fake , but the bottle was also fake , and the scent was similar to men 's cologne . So be careful , it might be safer to buy the perfume elsewhere , even if it costs more . And when you do receive your order , do n't hesitate to take it into a store to compare it with an authentic one .
 There are reviews that warn this is a counterfeit product , but I trusted Amazon . This was a true counterfeit of Burberry Brit Eau de Parfum . The inside packaging included the bottle being wrapped with a picture of a girl , which is n't normal . The spout smells like body odor , and the scent does n't seem to last more than a few minutes . BIG MISTAKE that I did n't see the note underneath the picture on Amazon 's page that this ca n't be returned because it 's hazardous material . They have no problem mailing fragrance to customers , but ca n't receive it in return ? Can I sue Amazon for selling a counterfeit product in which they refuse returns ? Time and money lost . Previously , I bought Burberry on eBay and it was counterfeit , but at least the seller issued a refund after I contacted eBay . Expensive perfume is expensive for a reason ! -LSB- UPDATE
 I was so excited ordering my first fragrance online , thought the price was great and had smell this scent many times in stores so I decided to buy it . I got it 2 days later and since I opened it I noticed it was weirdly wrapped , like re-sealed and the front tag was falling apart . The bottle design looks weird and I could confirm my suspicions when I sprayed it and the smell lasted less than 20 minutes . After that , it is completely gone . I tried to send it back but you can not since it is considered `` hazardous material '' . So dissapointed I spent that money , I will never buy fragrances online anymore , maybe it was bad luck . I never had a problem with Amazon with any other products I must say .
 I purchased this product assuming that the title was accurate and that it was in fact eau de parfum . However , upon receipt it was toilette spray -- there is quite a difference between the two . Do n't be deceived by the description , you are not getting the real thing .
 I ALWAYS buy Burberry Brit , however this is the first time I bought it on Amazon . I was so excited because it was so much cheaper on Amazon than it is anywhere else ... well there 's a reason ... the perfume I received did NOT smell like Burberry Brit at all and I 'm pretty sure it was tampered with because it does n't smell like any perfume I 've ever used . Very disappointed .
 The title says its Burberry for Women -- but my wife handed back to me Christmas morning with a smirk - Thanks Amazon ... J
 This seller delivered a fake perfume to me , some people may not realize that perfumes are fake but I could tell the minute I opened the packaging . The perfume bottle and the perfume were definitely fraudulant which is very upsetting since this was supposed to be a christmas present . sellers who promote false advertising and believe they will be getting a `` one up '' on their customers deserve not to profit from deceptive business practices . Please do not buy into this scam .
 I thought I was getting a good deal . The fragrance does n't even last an hour !!! Beware . GO ahead and get your perfume from the department stores . THe fine print on this is that you ca n't return it !!!
 not sure what is in the bottle but there is a smell that last 30 minutes only and not the perfume , I have bought before and it is great bought from Macys.Did not keep packaging as was excited and now stuck with it and out 46.03
 I ordedred this perfume Burberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 OuncesBut to my surprize whenever my wife would use this perume its fragrance will just vanish in two hours . This is the worst Burberry perfume I ever got.I think its always better to spend some extra amount on Genuine perfumes at shopping malls rather then buying FAKE/DUPLICATE perfumes from vendors at Amazon.com . Its is total waste of your money .
 I have owned Burberry Brit before and was excited to get it for such a low price on amazon . It got to my house a few days ago . I opened it up-cheap packaging . As soon as i sprayed it i knew it was fake . SO MAD I SPENT $ 40 !!! PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS !
 I have used this perfume before and that was the reason I ordered it . This one is a complete fake , it does not even last for 60 minutes . Will not buy perfumes from Amazon .
 I did n't read other 's reviews before I ordered this product and I should have , the stuff I got I do not believe is real it does not smell the same as my other Burberry Brit , I 'm not happy I wasted my money on this ! Amazon should really stop selling fake stuff unless they want to be straight with consumers and tell them they are not getting the real deal ... should have known for the price I guess : -LRB-
 Product was smaller than the size indicated by Tuccini , and when I registered a complaint , the Tuccini customer service representative inappropriately requested that I remove my negative review from Amazon , rather than addressing the issue at hand .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She has always used this perfume and I thought this would be a nice gift at a little better price than perfumania or other retailers like Macys.But , the bottle to begin with looks fake . Cap doe n't fit nicely as compared to our previous purchases for the same item from other retailers . The price was not much lower , but the product seems to be inferior . Also , the perfume smell would n't last even couple hours which tells me that Amazon receives a different shipment from Manufacturers which is not the same as what Macys or any other retailers would receive for Fragrances.I would never buy perfumes from Amazon in future . Spend a little extra money to get the full worth of your hard earned $ $ .
 No long lasting ... worthless ... instead of this choose something else ... it 's not recharging tooBurberry I strongly do n't refer to anyone ... I used a degree sport it 's really worthy ...
 Smelled this perfume as a sample in a magazine and liked it . Unfortunately , when I bought it and tried it on -LRB- in addition to the sample from the mag -RRB- , I began to smell like an old woman . Too bad I ca n't return it !
 When i purchsed this cologne in here had a high expectation for it , i smell it before in macys and loved it but the price was a bit out of my buget so i decided to give a shout and buy it from here and save 40 % of the price ask macys . Big mistake !!! the scent is definilly weaker and not last more than 1 hour
 Do n't buy this product ! You wo n't be able to return it because it 's considered `` hazardous '' by Amazon , and I do n't think they mean the smell!I bought this perfume as a gift for my daughter , who loves Burberry Brit , but when she opened the box and sprayed some on her wrist , she knew immediately that this is not the same fragrance she has used for years.The product is not returnable to Amazon , so I have now spent over $ 41 for a musky stenchBurberry Brit By Burberry For Women . Eau De Parfum Spray 3.3 Ouncesperfume she wo n't ever use . This is the last time I 'll buy a fragrance from Amazon , that 's for sure !
 I went to my Doctor with this product . He advised me to not use the product because it causes a female hormone to occur .
 I am certain this is ordinarily a good product as it was reccomended by friends . I received the product quickly in a few days after ordering , but the product was damaged , having a bent battery clip problem and the batteries were completely dead . I attempted contact with Hollywood gadgets on several occassions unsuccesfully . No email answer , no return of my phone messages . I discovered the batteries were dead straightened the clips and bought new batteries , which are a bit pricey , now the product works , but the aforementioned clips are not very secure.I am still not receiving any response from the company at all.So we are hopeful it will continue to work as it now is.John
 I sent these back because it only has one small pouch of lavender filling that only heats one side of the hand . Not good enough ! The mitts I had before surrounded the entire hand with filling but they 're worn out and I ca n't find another pair like them . Too bad because the outside is really nice .
 This is a duplicate review , as this device is listed in a couple of places on Amazon . I had high hopes for this thermometer , after reading a medical article comparing it with standard mercury -LRB- Hg -RRB- thermometers in a clinical trial . All the accuracy , but without the significant health risks if it breaks . Well , I still have an `` old fashioned '' Hg thermometer , in addition to an electronic probe and an ear device from a major manufacturer -LRB- for the home , not professional market -RRB- . When I purchased this , I compared it to the Hg thermometer , since I have one and I was curious about the new Hg substitute . First , I put them both under my tongue simultaneously . This one read about 2 degrees lower than the Hg standard . I thought that its larger size might have allowed air to get by my lips & cool it . I then did two back-to-back measurements ; Geratherm , Hg ; Geratherm , Hg . Four minutes each , all at rest , one immediately after the other , and always placing them in the same location . Both devices were `` internally '' consistent - that is the Hg gave the same temp both times , sequentially , as did the Geratherm . So far , so good . Consistency is necessary in a measuring instrument . HOWEVER , on both occasions the Geratherm now measured a full two -LRB- 2 -RRB- degrees HIGHER than the Hg ! NOT good ! I then checked my temp using the oral electronic probe ; it was 0.2 degrees off from the Hg . I then used the ear probe -LRB- both ears -RRB- and surprisingly it , too , was actually very close to the Hg -LRB- 0.2 degrees difference between the 2 ears ; average 0.3 degrees off from Hg , just a bit lower otic -LRB- ear -RRB- than oral -RRB- . For this reason , I 'm returning it , and I 'm going to try another one . I suspect that it 's a manufacturing defect explained by the construction of this thermometer - it 's a glass tube within a second glass housing , and there 's a paper scale behind the capillary tube containing the liquid . If that paper is not placed properly , the reading will be `` off . '' The device 's consistency suggests that the liquid expanded properly & consistently in response to my temp . My old Hg thermometer has the typical printing on the glass . Sure , that could be off , but those devices have been standardized over decades . And the good correlation with other devices -LRB- particularly the electronic probe , which I 've calibrated against known standards - freezing & boiling water , & it 's accurate -RRB- suggests that my old thermometer is the correct one.Other comments - I did n't find it particularly worse than the old standard to `` shake down ; '' each took the same # of shakes to return to baseline . If one does have arthritis , neither this nor a mercury thermometer are easy to use , and you 're probably best off with a high rated electronic probe . Also , the outer glass housing is much larger -LRB- about 3X -RRB- the size of the Hg thermometer , which made it a little more cumbersome to hold under the tongue , but not impossible . Because of its size , I do n't think it would be particularly good for a child under about age 7-8 . Hope this helps other users . I am concerned about this , especially as a medical professional , because not everyone has a mercury thermometer to compare against . This 2 degree difference could mean a LOT if you 're using this in a `` sick '' situation -LRB- e.g. deciding if your older child can go to school or not -RRB- . I plan on contacting the manufacturer about this .
 Walmart sells this for a buck and a half and even at that price it 's a rip off . As noted by another reviewer , the `` marker '' on mine is stuck at the top of the range and has resisted all efforts to bring it down to room temperature . I 've even placed it in the refrigerator to no avail . Even if it worked it 's uncomfortable to keep in the mouth as it always feels like it 's slipping out , hence you tend to grab it with your teeth which is probably not a good thing.It 's now almost impossible to find a standard glass mercury thermometer as an alternative to the junk currently in the marketplace . I know mercury is poisonous , but I also know that generations of families used oral mercury thermometers and I do n't remember an epidemic of broken ones poisoning the population or polluting the environment . I would contend more environmental damage is caused by the production of digital thermometers than all the standard models ever produced . Most of us have or have had `` silver fillings '' which are infused with mercury . No one dies of this type of stuff with any more frequency than the rare household products poisoning . Society needs to be more responsible and willing to accept some miniscule risk in order to keep proven products in the market place , otherwise we 're going to be continually inundated with useless pieces of junk being pawned off on the public at inflated prices .
 I work in a laboratory and take temperatures of things all . day . long . Since they 've gotten rid of mercury , I have yet to find an at home thermometer that works . This thermometer is impossible to shake down . I actually brought it into work and put it in a centrifuge -LRB- 12,000 rpms -RRB- and it STILL has the blue what-ever-it-is throughout the entire tube . What kind of thermometer wo n't ` reset ' when spun at 12,000 rpm ????
 Bought at Walgreens . After using it twice , no amount of shaking will get it off of 102 degrees . A complete waste of time and money . Avoid .
 1 . It 's supposed to be oral ? Then why is the shaft of the thermometer so short ? You 'll be lucky if it reaches your frenulum .2 . It 's hard to shake it down so that it goes below 98.6 . We were never able to achieve this
 Based upon my experience , I can not recommend this thermometer because it is too difficult to shake the silver column down . The shipping carton in which I received the thermometer was quite hot when it came in the mail and the liquid silver had risen to the top of the tube , past 108F . This is when I discovered how tough it was to shake the silver down . Over a period of days of snapping the thermometer with my wrists , I finally lowered the column to 97.2 F , but could n't budge it after that . However , I 'm still trying !
 This product was shipped to me not in working order.There is a little bubble in the glass that does not allow the `` non-mercury '' liquid to rise.Waste of my time & money ! Wish I could have given it ZERO stars !
 The instructions say it has to be stored upright . If it is stored lying down for more than a day -LRB- like , say , if you are sick and can barely reach to put it on your bedside table -RRB- the liquid will ` freeze ' in place and not move or become fragmented , rendering the thermometer useless . I went through two before wising up . It is also uncomfortably shaped and hard to keep in your mouth . Skip this one .
 It deserves no stars . It simply does not work . You shake it down . Place it in your mouth and it goes up to the same temperature , 98 degrees , no matter who uses it . I bought it to manage my low thyroid . It is worthless . It was packaged nicely upon receipt and I have not damaged it . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 I took this thermometer with me to Africa since it reads celsius and fahrenheit and does n't require batteries - should have been ideal . Unfortunately the first time I got sick , it would not work . This was additionally bad since I was coming down with malaria and desperately needed an accurate temperature . Needless to say I threw it away as soon as I returned from the hospital . It is absolutely not dependable making it a complete waste of time and money .
 You can use this thing the right way and it will not give you an accurate reading.You can stick this in your mouth for minutes on end and it will not be accurate.It is cheap and a step backwards from the mercury thermometer . I have checked this thermometer -LRB- I checked two . Returned the first one and bought a second one and guess what , the second was off by more ! -RRB- against an expensive reference and it has come up short of my real temperature by as much as 1.5 degrees . I do n't know about you , but I want to be exact and know I have a fever . Would you trust your child 's health to a cheap , inaccurate thermometer?I know I would n't . Save your money and get a more expensive thermometer that is accurate .
 I bought this thermometer at CVS a few weeks ago . When I first used it , I was impressed . Temperature 99degrees . For the 2nd use , I could n't get the `` mercury '' to go lower than 99degrees of the earlier reading . Still , I tried it again . 101degree temp this time ; that 's about how I was feeling , so I think it worked okay . Still , I could n't get the silver stuff to go down ! I shook it for about a total of 5 minutes , but no movement . I am used to shaking down a regular mercury thermometer -LRB- which my husband recently dropped -RRB- , so I know I used enough force . We put in ice water for a while , but no movement . I put it in hot water , and it still moved upward , it just wo n't move down . So , for a one time use , it was fine , but not for long-time use . Perhaps it was just this particular item , but it is going back to the store .
 Not even worth this inexpensive price the liquid was `` frozen '' in place no matter what I did to it I could not get it to move just a complete waste of money and resources .
 The one I bought is a whole degree off . On the package it has environmentally friendly , mercury-free , no where does it mention the accuracy , good reason , it 's junk .
 I purchased this thermometer at the recommendation of my naturopath . It is awkward to keep in your mouth because the portion you place in your mouth is quite short . Also , the rather wide body of the thermometer makes it difficult to get the thermometer far enough under the tongue to get a good reading . I used the thermometer several times and could n't get the substance in the thermometer to budge , no matter how much I shook it . It also takes forever . 4 minutes seems like an eternity when you have to use a hand to keep the thermometer in your mouth . I get a much better and faster reading on a digital thermometer I got for free from my PCP . Do n't waste your money .
 I could n't get the non-mercury thermometer to go down to a below-normal level so that I could register a proper temperature . Shaking it down like the instructions said only made it separate and get all patchy inside , but would n't register a temperature . Then it broke and got silver goo all over everything that stained my carpet and my fingers . Sucks .
 I have been using DGP for several years for my dog who is in severe pain because of a congenital abnormality in her hind leg . It helps her immensely . The stuff that this company is now calling DGP -LRB- ImmPower -RRB- is n't DGP , and has nothing to do with DGP , or dogs , or pain . It is a bunch of mushrooms for people . The bottle is n't even what is shown in the picture -LRB- which is the real DGP bottle -RRB- . I ordered some DGP for my dog , and was sent the stuff they are trying to palm off as DGP . Now I must locate another seller and order ... in the meantime , I have just run out of DGP and my dog will have nothing to help her until another order can be delivered . Please , if you are trying to get DGP , this company is no longer selling it ... but something they are calling AMERICAN BIOSCIENCES -LRB- IMMPOWER -RRB- DGP . No DGP , not for dogs , not in the bottle that is shown . I 'm completely disgusted with their false advertising , and terribly upset for my dog .
 Unfortunately , I did not notice any improvement at all after I gave this product to my arthritic dog . I tried it for several months and found that it did not offer any benefit . In fact , she seemed to improve when I took her off of this product . I 'm very disappointed and would not recommend this to anyone.I wonder of many of the positive reviews are written by the company ...
 This product did n't do anything for our dog . He 's an 8 year old , x-tra large breed dog with hip and joint issues . DGP did n't seem to help with either his pain or mobility . I do n't think it did any harm , but I did n't see any improvement .
 Our dear dog was on Zubrin and we talked to a friend who suggested switching him to DGP . We had high hopes , but after a month of using DGP , we are going back to good ol' science and putting him back on Zubrin . We saw no improvement and I am afraid it might have caused him a little more pain .
 I have a sheltie with osteoarthritis in one elbow that severely limits his activities . I carry him around a lot , use a pet stroller , etc. and so far have only found a combination of Synovi G3 and Rimadyl to be effective in treating it . The glowing reviews for DGP gave me hope that we could get him off the Rimadyl which of course is not ideal for long-term treatment . I gave this product a good month-long trial but unfortunately it just did n't work for my dog , and after he had clearly gotten worse on it , I had to switch back to the Rimadyl . Still , while it did n't work for me , I still would recommend people try it , the price is a tad high , and it would be nice if they gave some kind of guarantee on it , but if there is even a chance that it might work for your dog versus using NSAIDS , it 's worth a shot . I just wish it had worked for us , but I just did n't see any improvement with it at all .
 This product was brought to my attention by a friend who had seen the glowing online reviews and information on the distributor 's website . I have a 10 yr old male border collie cross with a severely arthritic left hock due to an old traumatic injury sustained 5 years ago . The joint is permanently unstable because the colateral ligaments were torn , hence the secondary arthritis , and we 're trying to put off ankylosis -LRB- fusion -RRB- of the joint as long as possible . He is usually 2-3/10 lame intermittently , but copes well and runs happily most of the time . However , when the cold damp winter weather set in , he got a lot worse , and was clearly much more uncomfortable , probably 6-7/10 lame . He is already on the maximum safe dose of meloxicam -LRB- a conventional NSAID -RRB- that he can have , and has been for about three years . -LRB- Note
 Please be aware that DGP and American Bio American BiosciencesAre not being entirely truthful about DGPPossible side effects of Feverfew
 I was SO hoping that this product would work for my dog , but after one month , I saw no change . I was disappointed alsobecause I think it costs a lot . I am going to try Cosequin next -- it 's cheaper and worth a try . I feel like I wasted my money on DGP . I did n't see even the slightest improvement for my dog .
 Tried this for six weeks for my arthritic dog . Product claims to reduce inflammation and ease joint pain . My dog showed no effects of any improvement .
 We have an old Border Collie who is experiencing arthritis in his foot joints both front and rear . We found that a single aspirin would give him some relief . When I read the glowing reviews of `` Dog Pain Pain '' I thought `` at last , something that really works ! '' . When it arrived I gave him the recommended three tablets a day . The next several mornings he was hurting far worse !!!! I even bumped it up four tablets a day -LRB- two at each meal -RRB- and still the same morning pain for the old guy.I decided to try glucosamine after a week of trying DGP and the very next morning he was back to his happy self . Glucosamine is very inexpensive compared to DGP and seems to give the results that compare to some of the positive reviews of DGP.While I 'm glad it works for some , in our case DGP was a waste of money .
 love them , could not wear earrings for years but now i can , thank you
 This stethescope was advertised as new . It was not . It was a used stethescope in an unwrapped box with no extra ear peices or other paraphnelia that comes with a new stethescope . I will buy one in the store . That way I wo n't be affected by `` false advertisment . '' This item is definetely being returned .
 I ca n't see anything in the ear , even after reading and following the instructions in detail . I thought this would be better quality with a better view of the ear ... this is very cheap/basic .
 I ca n't really see anything when I look in my son 's ear - or anyone else 's ear . Would n't buy this again . I think you need a lesson from a doctor or nurse to make this worth anything .
 Ca n't decide to give it a 2 or 3 star rating . I did n't find the instructions clear enough to get a decent view of the eardrum on any of my 4 kids . They all complain that it hurt , and my husband and I tried it on each other and it actually does kind of hurt . Also , I hate that it comes w / nothing in the way of a case - pretty inconvenient . Tonight my 3 year old complained of ear pain and has had a cold . For the first time , I saw clearly enough to * think * I may see some redness in there . We 'll see if I 'm right .
 I purchased this for my infant son , could n't keep it in his ear long enough to get a clear look , and gave up . Not the product 's fault , and not a big deal . The light was good and bright at that point , so I took out the batteries , and put it away . I tried again about a year later , and the light would n't come on at all , even with new batteries . Meant to toss it , since it was past any sort of warranty period , but it ended up in its drawer again.I tried it again tonight , out of curiosity , and saw no light , but closer inspection did show a crack in the one capacitor on the wee circuit board , and the plastic wrapping on it had peeled up at that point . The otoscope had never been dropped or banged on anything . I assembled it to keep the parts together , picked it up five minutes later , and it was noticeably warm . I 'm not sure how hot it would have gotten if it had been left longer . I do n't think our Radio Shack carries electrical components , though if they do , I may attempt a repair . Either way , there 's NO reason using an otoscope should require being both Nerd Mom and possibly Firefighter Mom . I will be looking at models from other manufacturers .
 I cant really see into the ear of my kids . I can see my husbands ok , but their ears much just be that much smaller its too dificult . not sure if its product or user error .
 I had really high hopes for this product based on prior user reviews . Have a baby who has had chronic ear fluid and infections for past year and was hoping this would give me visual confirmation of what is going on so I have another validation point before rushing to pediatrician every time the little one starts tugging on his ears . I tested it multiple times on my husband and honestly have no idea what I 'm looking at ; needless to say it I was even more clueless when looking at the baby 's ears . I referenced the pictures that came with the package as well as the product website with additional pictures . I even looked at many youtube videos on how to check ears but I still have no idea what I 'm looking at . I 've see wax , the walls of the ears but have no idea whether I 've looked at the ear drum or not . Per other user feedback I did bring to the pediatrician and shared with him my difficulty and asked his opinion of the product and any suggestions . Not only did he not offer to show me how to use it , but he said he 'd never seen or heard of the product and made a point of saying thats why they go to years of school etc. . He certainly did n't rush to give me a crash course in ear checks .
 Everything looked pretty good after I opened the package , realized that the electronics were loose , install the batteries and not having any light coming from the otoscope . I guess I 'll have to spend a little of time just to try to fix it . I am a little disappointed since I paid a little more and bought this item because of the better reviews in comparison with similar ones , however I just realized 4 buyers complained on the lack of quality . I 'll be the fifth .
 I bought this for my daughter several years ago to help her in heading off a bad ear infection . She has three kids . I visited her recently and one kid was home from school complaining of an ear ache . I asked her about the otoscope I had given her and she said she was never able to see anything with it . I replaced the batteries and gave it a try . I could n't see anything either . I then tried to look at the back of my hand and could n't see it either . There was no light passing through the observation tube ! Inside was a plastic tab with a mirrored surface that is supposed direct the light beam down the tube . It was misaligned , rendering the device useless . When I tried to adjust the tab , naturally it broke off . This is a piece of junk . If you get one that works , you 're lucky .
 This was a lifesaver on multiple occasions but after a simple drop off the counter -LRB- only a few feet on to carpet -RRB- , a piece that is used to reflect on the inside broke . Super disappointing and now it 's useless ! Wish it was made a little sturdier , especially because it 's made for home use .
 I 'm a little disappointed with this otoscope . I know it is a cheap one , but if the tips would not fall off so easily , then I might be able to see in my son 's ear .
 I 'm not sure why this otoscope is getting such great reviews . As soon as I opened the package , I knew it was going back to Amazon . It was light weight ... so light weight that if my kids got a hold of it , it would break in a moment . I put batteries in to see how it worked and the light would n't even turn on . They were brand new batteries . Needless to say , I returned the item and had no issues thanks to Amazon 's awesome return center . I 'll be investing my money elsewhere .
 i recommend spending a few extra dollars and getting an otoscope with some magnification , this one is very low quality
 Do NOT get this otoscope ! I am a physician assistant and bought this otoscope so I do not have to take my boys to the pediatrician every time i suspect an ear infection . I do n't know if I had a defective product but I could n't see ANYTHING ! never mind their tympanic membrane , i could barley see their ear canal . the light was so dull and dim . I 'm searching for the perfect otoscope for a cheap price . I used to have a welch allen but lost it . do n't think anything will compare to that but at least something to see the ear drum . totally disappointed .
 I am only giving this two stars because this item does not really come with instructions . I used it on my daughter and ended up scratching ear canal pretty badly . I had to take her to the ER . I 'm a pretty intelligent person and I used to work as a Vet Tech in an animal hospital so I know how to use an otoscope , but the specula that come with it are pretty long and can obviously do harm to the ear . Beware . You can see into the canal and the eardrum pretty well , but the manufacturer could do a little better with the instructions -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- that they include .
 Purchased on 30 December 2012 . Just went to use it and it does n't work . Return policy expired yesterday :-LRB- This did n't last for one month . Not to mention the tips do not stay on . When I used the scope I had to hold the tips in place with my fingers . Do n't waste your money !!!!
 well , product may be good but to try to use it is not very easy . I feel that you have to have some kind of professional training to know how to use it . I cant figure out anything from it .
 THIS REMINDS ME OF A `` LETS PLAY DOCTOR '' TOY SET ITEM . OVER PRICED . SPEND A LITTLE MORE FOR A OTOSCOPE .
 I bought this because of the great reviews but I honestly ca n't see a thing with it . I 've tried it on everyone in my house and used the different tips and I am so disappointed with this product .
 I ordered this item and it arrived on time . But it was defective . No light from the LED . This can only be possible and get through to the market if there is no QC for this product . Childish design and poor quality . Manufacture claims that there is a patent pending . I wondering patent for what ??!!!! I had to pack it and return for a refund . All waste of time Do n't try your luck and waste your time . Go for something else .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Visualization with LED is not that bright . Regular light is probably better . The mid-sized speculum -LRB- child sized -RRB- had a rough edge , and I am unable to use it on my children 's ears . Actual visualization of the TM is decent . I like the stainless steel handle , makes it easy to clean . Would be better if it came with some sort of case.Great for home use . Absolutely not good for clinical use - and I am a Nurse Practitioner with experience looking at ears , and do n't understand how some compare it to more expensive otoscopes . While this is OK , it is no Welch-Allyn .
 The light is n't very bright . The magnification is n't the best . It 's decent for seeing if there 's an object lodged in the ear , but does n't provide the best visualization for the tympanic membrane . I suppose for the price it 's useful though .
 It 's cheaper at Walmart -LRB- $ 18 -RRB- ! I bought this thinking Amazon was offering a better deal !! boo ... I needed a cheap otoscope to look into my husband 's and son 's ear . I am used to using the Welch Allyn otoscope that I had while on my clinical rotations . This otoscope does not even compare to the quality WA offers , but it will do for now . I 1st used Dr. Mom to look in my husband 's ear after he could not hear . The otoscope worked fine for him . I was able to see his eardrum & all . However , since my little one started having a cold , I wanted to make sure he did not have an ear infection . I could not see anything in his ear even after switching to the smallest and medium sized speculums.Needless to say , I will be investing in another Welch Allyn otoscope in the near future .
 I did a bunch of research before purchasing an otoscope and decided upon this one based on all the good reviews . I 'm not in the medical field , so I ca n't speak on this topic from a professional standpoint , but as a mother who just wants to have a preliminary look in my kiddo 's ears before hauling her off to the doc for an ear infection , I was disappointed with this product . The light is not bright enough for me to see her eardrum clearly , despite the fact that she still has little ears . I know I was using it at the correct angle because I could mostly see in there , but it was too dark to tell if there were any issues .
 I put the batteries in , got a little light and they went dark . I will have to return them soon .
 As an ENT doctor , this thing is n't great . I wish it had a better lens that does n't fall out with minimal carrying in white coat . Also , usual ear speculum tips do n't fit it well at all - you have to buy these specific ones .
 Its not was i was looking for . . based on the reviews it seemed ok for using at home . . i am a nurse and i really didnt like the quality . you can not see clearly inside the middle ear .
 I purchased this model -LRB- 3rd generation , with LED lights -RRB- . Happy that it has LED . Was not able to see my kids ear drum . I think the focus for the lens is very short . You can see about 1cm in front of the specula , but the ear drum for our kids seem to be about 2-3 cm away from the tip of the specula.Consequence ? -- I have to shove the specula deep into the kids ear to see anything & that 's no way to try & relieve ear pain.If there was just some way to improve or make the magnification variable . What a difference that would make . Oh well , now using the device as a way to see things in dark holes , or just as an expensive LED torch .
 I am a RN . I ordered this because my son has frequent ear infections . This otoscope does not come close to the ones used in a doctors office . I understand you get what you pay for but this scope does not allow one to even get a decent look into an ear that may be infected .
 After reading reviews , I decided I would try this . My son has had recurring ear infections the last two winters . By no means did I purchase this product to replace a visit to the doctor . I merely was hoping I could catch the infection earlier . My son is n't talking yet and seems to have a high pain tolerance . He does n't give us any signs that he has an ear infection , until it 's severe.I took this product in with me to our regular visit with our doctor to get a crash course . I was shocked ! We used the doctor 's otoscope and then mine . I could n't see what he could see ! I can only see ear wax with this thing . Do n't buy it ! I 'm not impressed.If you still want one , I 'll give you mine . For FREE . It is n't worth any more than that !
 I am a licensed nurse , and own a licensed daycare . I usually keep an otoscope on hand to help with early intervention of ear infections . When my medical grade scope 's light burnt out , I had trouble finding a replacement bulb . Dr. Mom was much cheaper than the Prestige otoscopes I used to use , so I thought I would give it a try.The tips just fall off , making this thing worthless as a scope . I ended up turning right around an purchasing a Prestige instead.Update 2013 : I got a note from the company about the above review . They blame the customer for jamming the otoscope into the ear improperly . As a nurse for the past 20 years , I know how to properly position an otoscope . The company seems more concerned with getting more stars than evaluating the issues consumers have experienced while using their product . The company stated I am the only reviewer that has ever had a problem with loose specula . However , I read through ALL OF THE 1 , 2 and 3 star reviews on Amazon , and found that several people reported the same issue . Additionally , MANY people report poor visualization , which I also agree with . As I mentioned in the original review , I purchased a Prestige scope - and it works great . I have owned several Prestige scopes over the years and been happy with each and every one . I lost one or two , and had a couple where the bulbs burnt out after several years of use , which is the only reasons I have had to buy replacements . I have good visualization and the tips NEVER come off . So Dr. Mom 's , I know you may not like my review , but it is an honest one . And it does come from an experienced medical professional .
 This was suppose to measure PH accurately , but it does not . I measured my urine and got a reading of 8 , and then headed to the Doctor . He measured my Urine which was 6 . I repeated this several times and had similar results indicating a higher PH reading with these strips compared to the Doctors PH strips . Make believe test strips ... maybe!Biomedical Engineer , Norm
 This product may be what I need but there is insufficient information to make a buying decision . There is no mention of size . How do you determine size ? Waist or hips ? What material is it made of ? Is it adjustable ? If so , how ? Is it washable ? What type -LRB- s -RRB- of hernias is it appropriate for ? I do n't imagine this is a returnable item so the answers to all of these questions need to be in the product description .
 I have needed a prostate supplement for at least 20 years . Given the positive reviews and a lower price than the Beta Sitosterol based supplement I had been using , I decided to give it a try . After about 3 weeks of use , I went back to my former supplement . I had gone from 0-1 trips to the bathroom at night to an average of three . Flow was substantially reduced as well . One week back on my old supplement , and I now sleep through the night , or one trip at worst.Given that we are all different , this product may work very well for some people , but not for me . It is cheaper than most I have tried .
 Didn &#8217; t notice a difference , ended up just biting the bullet and seeing a doctor and got a prescription for a real medication .
 Just exactly what strength ? 81 mg or 375 mg ? When is the expiration date ? This description is not adequate for an informed purchase .
 The sizing on these seems to be done for dolls or something . I wear a girl 's size 4 and a large cuts off circulation .
 Product worked well for a few weeks , but began to fall apart at seams , allowing pieces of rubber to show , making brace ineffective .
 I did n't see a difference in weight loss . i would take it before i worked out.I only used it for a week though .
 Item is very poor quality , container had already been sealed on arrival , so it is pretty useless . Item arrived 2 weeks late
 We have a child who suffers from lazy eye , we were given these patches to try ... we found they very irritating to the eye and our son was always requesting the patch be removed . In addition they are very adhesive , infact after wearing the patch some of the adhesive would also be left on our sons skin . I would not reccomend these patches , we use the opticlude patches , they are gentle they stay on well and our son rarely complains .
 The Coverlet Eye Occlusor patches we purchased are made of natural rubber latex and many people have latex sensitivities or an allergy -LRB- we found this to be true with our daughter -RRB- . Our daughter has been patching an eye for vision therapy for 3 years and never complained about it until the itchiness occurred when she used the Coverlet patch . We 've always used 3M Nexcare pediatric patches which work very well and I would highly recommend to any other little patchers out there !
 The produce I ordered was exactly what I expected . However , I had ordered two of one size bandage , but received one of the correct size and one of the incorrect size . After trying to get the problem resolved , I was told first that I would receive the correct size , then I was told that my account had been credited with the one I did n't receive . I really wanted two of the same size , but at this point I do n't have the time or energy to pursue this further , and am not happy with the outcome ; I will find another method of obtaining the desired bandages . Most unhappy with this particular purchase .
 Good bandages that were exactly what I expected . The size and shape were exactly as advertised . Strong fabric is comfortable and lasts . WARNING ! Do NOT buy from Medical Products Depot !!! They collect your money WEEKS before bothering to ship , and then are VERY rude in their email replies when you inquire about your shipment offering NO response until after the product was finally delivered , no apologies , no excuses , no compensation . By the time I received the product , it was no longer needed .
 If I could give this product no stars I would . I used it on some cookware and had no results . It was like cleaning with white water .
 The numbers on the dial are small and hard to read with normal lighting . Digital and/or luminous or lit dials would be helpful .
 Last year I was taking the regular Isatori L7 so I figured why not try the maximum strength . Well after a month of having a racing heart rate I 've decided not to reorder these products ! The only thing different in my opinion is the extra caffiene they throw in to make `` max '' I suppose . With the regular L7 I was never hungry , that I could remember . However , with the Max , I 'm always hungry and have n't lost a thing , I think I actually gained a pound or two .
 This product did not touch my appetite at all . I am preparing for my first figure competition . I was attracted by the reviews and a friend who is a bodybuilder told me it was the best for the price . I realize everyone is different , but I did n't see any energy change or any appetite control from it , even taking the maximum dosage . I 'm only 5 ' 0 '' tall but have a very high caffeine tolerance . It may work for some but my experience was n't great .
 Been taking 2 caps 2x a day for the past 2 weeks and besides having a faster heart rate and getting more anxious I have n't lost any weight . I eat around 1850 calories a day and was really hoping that this would push me over the edge to lose weight . . but sadly no results to date .
 this thing makes me too jittery and unable to fall asleep at night , I did n't bother finishing it . I feel sick to my stomach and slight headache every time I take it , even at less than the recommended doses .
 The effects of this fat burner are barely noticeable , I follow a diet combined with a cardio routine and there is no results ... the `` mental focus '' is false ... make your conclusions ... -LRB- I take it for 45 days aprox . -RRB-
 im an athlete and i tried this while i was training hard for the whole time , i didnt feel any type of affect , they say it heats the body but its not . does not wake u up , they say do not take before going to sleep cause this will not let u sleep ... i was getting more sleepy after noon after on hour from taking the pills.bottom line dont try this before u try some other products , if nothing help and u got the money give it a try ...
 I HAVE PRODUCTS LIKE THIS BEFORE AND THIS ONE DOES NOTHING . I WILL NOT BUY AGAIN . I FOLLOWED WHAT IT SAID AND STILL NOTHING , I GO TO THE GYM 4TO5 DAYS A WEEK AND I EAT A GOOD DIET . I WOULD RECOMEND TO LOOK AT OTHER PRODUCTS .
 While there was some boost not near as much as with Stacker 's . Its claim to be the most powerfull I think was a poor choice of verbs . I will moy purchase product again and have no doubt this review will also not be posted .
 Unfortunatelly , the two people who used the product reported liver problems , and had stop using it after a few days .
 I 'm a 38 yrs old male 6 feet tall in the construction field , I weight 242 and felt like I can shed some of the pounds off by using this product , well let just say this flat out . THIS IS A VERY BAD CHOICE OF SUPPLEMENT if you 're trying to get a boost and lose weight at the same time . First day I took it , it put me in a daze and I 'm not saying a mild one , it was bad where I questioned myself of how stupid I was for trying this crap . a week later I decided to give it another try before going to the gym , and boy was it a mistake . during my normal workout I felt my heart was about to jump out of my chest then came the nausea and had to stop and sit down because i just could n't control the effects.People listen to your body NOT these stupid fake reviews sales people write . I hate to waste my money but my health is worth alot more than this poison so its going in the trash .
 I only felt a difference the first couple days , but nothing after that . I felt a little too jittery on this , too . There are much better options .
 I run , cardio , weights , etc. . I 'm in fairly good shape , but wanted to see if it would help with the love handles . No changes or assistance beyond what I already do in the gym .
 I was sold on the hype of the videos I was receiving from the CEO . I work out 6 days and a week and a balanced meal and I gain weight instead shredding the fat like they would say I would get ripped . The 1st week it gave me a burst of energy and after that no energy level diminished . On the 3rd week my head was feeling uncomfortable with a lot of pressure , it was really uncomfortable , but managed to take the rest of them . After taking them I started to feel normal again . I 'm sorry , but it did n't work for me maybe it 'll work for you at least I gave it a chance .
 I tried your product and had some problems , I called the number on the bottle and received no help what so ever . The problem really freaked me out .
 I thought this would be better than the regular Isatori but I did n't notice any increased energy . I do not recommend this product over the regular Isatori product -LRB- blue tables -RRB- .
 Well I was taking LS7 for a while with good results , so I figured I would bump it up a little with this version . It was a bit of a disappointment , I would suggest the original formula but this one was missing some of the thermogenic effect I enjoyed from the original formula and was packed with too much caffeine . I would n't waste my money on this version .
 Ok , today was my first day of taking MX-LS7 and it has made me feel spaced out for quite a few hours this evening.This product was recommended to me but after todays use , I decided to pop online and research what the heck was going on and I found other with very similar symptoms.Seems a little too much caffeine and also gave me slight palpatations.Not something I want to keep taking at all and especially if it leaves me feeling all spaced and a little dizzy.Sorry , I just ca n't rate this product well at all and can only say that if you want something that works and does n't leave you feeling like this , then try Maximuscles Thermobol . Took it years back and only wished i 'd bought that instead as I now have two tubs of this trash .
 Maybe it was just me but I tried taking 2 capsules instead of the recommended 3 and still felt like I was hyped up on amphetamines . Nauseas and jittery are the most appropriate descriptions of how I felt on these.Needless to say I stopped taking them after 4 days . Maybe you 'll have better luck .
 Isatori Maximum Strength Lean System 7 , 120 CapsulesWanted to give this a try since had used the regular Lean System 7 . The regular one is n't a miracle , but it did help give you a boost for exercising and increased overall energy.Sadly the Maximum Strength did not work at all for me . It actually made me sick . I tried taking 2 pills in the morning with breakfast , and within an hour , I was suffering food poisoning like symptoms which only slowly got better over a 36 hr period . At a later time I tried 1 pill in the morning and had a less severe reaction but one that was very unpleasant none-the-less . Although I do like the regular Lean System 7 , I can not recommend the Max one . If you are interested in trying , I would suggest getting a small qty , and make sure it works for you , as would be smart for any supplement . I may have an allergy to one of the additional ingredients , but it is definately something to be more thoughtful of .
 They are very hard to reuse since you have to boil them and they do n't work very well or last very long in the first place . Mine also came in a box with a different type of heating pad depicted on the front leading me to believe the product was n't actually `` new '' as advertised .
 This is not worth the money . When you boil them they are too hot at first and then when you can touch them they cool off t9oo quickl ; y / My husband is disabled and has a problem with his hands . This was not the answer .
 This worked once - when it first arrived . I have never subsequently been able to make it work afterward . I boiled the item as instructed , and it liquefies again , but immediately hardens as it cools and does not appear to be able to be stored in it 's liquefied state for later use . I even extended the boiling time just in case I was not boiling for long enough . The vinyl enclosing the red material began melting when it touched the bottom metal of the pan I used to boil with . This was probably my error , but BE CAREFUL .
 1 . You advertisement of the product as Olbas Oil Inhalant Decongestant is misleading.It is actually an Aromatic Inhalant Therapeutic Body Massage.This is a complete different matter . So I feel that I was misled .2 . Your `` Olbas Oil '' is the lowest quality I have ever experienced . It barely has a scent to it and it does nothing to for relief of bronchial and nasal congestion and hayfever . It does not either work for symptomatic relief of muscular pain . The latter is what the lable on the bottle reads that it should be used for.I do n't think that I will buy from your company ever again in the future , because I can not trust your adds .
 I only received ONE VERY SMALL TUBE of the ointment and was dissappointed with the amount I got for the price paid ! You would be better off buying a similar larger product at a chain drug store !
 This was a good deal the first time I bought it from amazon . There was free supersaver shipping and I was able to get it at a good discount compared to my local drugstore . Now , with the shipping costs , it is virtually the same . What 's up with the change , Amazon ?
 They asked me to review this after I bought the 1 Oz from Amazon including shipping at 31.70 . Twice the volume at nearly the same price . You figure it out .
 they sent the package in a an envelope when it should 've been sent in a box . by the time i received the package ... the -LRB- envelope -RRB- was torn open and what i ordered was gone ! so bottom line i did n't receive anything but an envelope . they should take better care of their customers and spend the extra 50 cents to send their products in a box !!!
 OUCH ! Literally , the MOST intense pain that I have ever experienced . As irrational as it may sound , I 'd trade for a broken arm at times when the pain was beyond excruciating.The gel itself definitely does a good job -LRB- actually , a great job -RRB- whitening your teeth - no question . However , it comes at a high price - pain , pain , and more pain . Initially , I was under the impression that the pain would go away . When I woke up , the pain was even more agonizing . No , wait ... I did n't have to wake up ! I never fell asleep.I have semi-sensitive teeth - really nothing out of the ordinary . I would not recommend this product , UNLESS you plan on taking some sort of a pain killer prior to its use . That , or some morphine - I am NOT kidding . Currently , I am stuck with 8 unused surringes , so I 'm seriously considering my own proposal.These are 20 % peroxide , which may explain the extreme discomfort . Perhaps the 15 % -LRB- or less -RRB- will hurt less .
 I have no problem with the product or the price . However , this seller clearly makes their profit on the shipping costs . I was charged nearly $ 10 for shipping this product which is way out of line given the product size and weight . I ordered to large boxes of Crest White Strips that are each at least 4 times as large as this one package of whitening gel . The two boxes of white strips was under $ 4 total -LRB- for both boxes -RRB- as compared to nearly $ 10 for one small package from this seller.I contacted the seller about their shipping fees ... they never responded.Good product , however , I would look elsewhere for a company to purchase from .
 Bottom line is I did not achieve the whitening results I had expected . I experienced some mild irritation , but nothing bad during some applications . My dentist told me I would have sensitivity to hot and cold , but I did n't . Overall though the product was supposed to whiten my teeth and it did a little bit , but just not as good as expected . My dentist told me I probably would n't use all 8 syringes . I did and am now considering trying a different product with these trays .
 I 'm using the 15 % - my dentist dropped me down to 15 from 20 because I went back after the first night with stabbing pain in one of my teeth . Stabbing has not gone away -LRB- it 's weird , I wear the trays overnight and am awakened by a stab around 7 or 8 am . -RRB- It recurs somewhat during the day randomly , and is also bad when the teeth are exposed to cold . I would stop using it , but my teeth are not whitening evenly - only the bottoms -LRB- part near the gumline is darker . -RRB- I skipped a night after doing it 2 nights in a row , but tried it again last night and this morning - STAB . -LRB- That was after taking 1/2 a Vicodin as a precaution , last night . -RRB- This is NOT WORTH IT . I have had 2 stabbing pains in the time it took me to write this .
 First , it did n't work and second the content of the last syringe was almost dry . I have used Opalescence in the past.What BRIGHTERSMILE is selling is totally different with what I got from my dentist in terms of whitening effectiveness . In my opinion it is better to buy from dentist at higher price or a reliable source rather than this company that provides a useless/defected but cheap product .
 I tried this product , but it got my teeth feel uncomfortable for the first couple days -LRB- I used this every other day -RRB- . Up to the third time , I could n't stand it . My teeth feel very very sensitive after a few hours . Maybe it is just for me , but I had a very bad experience with this product . I suggest people to be careful when they use it . Stop it right away when you do n't feel very well .
 I was n't pleased because the company was selling the product with $ 24 and the shipping was $ 35 . I was n't inform about the shipping cost until the item was shipped and was to late to do something . I could refuse the package when arrived but i did n't because I really need it .
 I do not like this wheelchair because it is not a self transport . The wheels are not large enough . The footrests is sketchy and uncomfortable .
 I have been using this product for many years and it works well except for fact that tip clogs I need to use needle to unclog . This usually happens when bottle is half used and can be difficult to use remainder of solution . Last time I unclogged tip the cap flipped off and I lost the solution .
 Amazon is the CHEAPEST place to buy Muro 128 5 % solution . NOT from the two Canadian sources quoted above NOR from drugstore.com . You can check them out yourself , which I have done recently . Check the shipping costs ; buy two or more from Amazon and the shipping is FREE ! Not so with the other sources .
 Thought it was too good to be true and it was . The artificial sweetener taste is so sweet and it just overwhelms the whole drink . Regular Slim Fast tastes fine to me , but I am trying to go low carb ...
 I could not get past the taste on these ones , I literally gagged . It 's supper sugary sweet in that unnatural way . I do n't know what I am going to do with the other cans & I wo n't buy this product again . I do n't think it 's the flavor because I like the Creamy Chocolate flavor in the SlimFast Optima cans .
 Item was still to small for customer . . could not get it over the foot!Received the product in a very timely fashion , just not large enough for feet .
 Really , the 5 star reviews for this item , must be from people who work for the company , or have gotten paid to write favorable reviews.I purchased this because one of the reviewers said it helped them when they were on Accutane . I , too , am currently taking Accutane and this product is absolutely worthless . It does NOT moisturize any better than any other lip balm on the market . Sorry I paid money for this , I would n't get it again if it was free.I did find , however , at Whole Foods -LRB- can also be purchased here on Amazon -RRB- Weleda - Everon Lip Balm . While it does n't do a perfect job either , it 's a LOT better than the Labello.Most importantly , look at the active ingredients . Most of these only have two ACTIVE ingredients
 If you are looking for count , i guess this works . However , you are better off doing the exact same thing , but for a DR. So you can get full reads -LRB- movement , etc -RRB- . For instance , this said i have high count , but it took us a while to conceive . I am guessing motility was a factor -LRB- we used preseed lube , got preg next try -RRB- .
 My husband and I used this fertility test because my husband suffered testicle torsion as an adolescent , and we were concerned about its effect on his sperm count . We were sad , anxious , and concerned when it showed a negative result twice . Consequently , we spent nearly 300 dollars on a lab test and are still waiting for the results ; however , I just found out this morning that I am pregnant after our first try . This leads me to believe that his sperm count is fine and that we just endured three weeks of stress and heartache at the idea that we might not be able to conceive . Also , my husband and I both spoke with two doctors -LRB- an ob-gyn and a general practitioner -RRB- and both had never heard of the product and doubted its efficacy . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this to use on my heels which have very thick , callous skin . I like to go barefoot mostly so had built up a lot of callous . I have yet to get to the bottom of it . It looked like a good idea but was so wimpy I could get the same results by gently brushing a nail file against my foot . And if you apply enough pressure to actually get some skin removal going the motor stops . I turned it off and tried manually sanding with it but still not too effective . I can at least say it gave me an idea . I went into the garage and got a power hand-held sander and some 120 grit paper . After 20 min they are smooth but not perfect . I 'd use coarser paper next time , but my skin is really thick . It makes your feet and legs tingly afterwards , which feels kind of refreshing , like minty soda water , or a mojito , but it works . I 'd never go back .
 I bought this Item and with shipping it was just under $ 20 . You could rub a $ 20 bill on your calluses and get better results . It 's way to under-powered for anything other than gluing feathers on it and using it as a duster -LRB- you want to use `` very small '' feathers or the wind resistance might stop the motor -RRB- . Sorry about the 1 star rating but there was no -3 star ratingS Hayes 12/19/08
 I was not impressed with this item . I do not recommend it . It stops spinning when the slightest pressure is applied . It did not work as I expected it to .
 Item was still to small for customer . . could not get it over the foot!Received the product in a very timely fashion , just not large enough for feet .
 I bought this instead of the real Muro 128 . We have the generic Muro 128 gel and thought that a generic eye drop would n't matter . At least with this product , getting a generic did matter . It created a burning sensation in my husband 's eye . I think whatever residue is left behind -LRB- what the one reviewer mentioned -RRB- was the culprit . Every brand has different inactive ingredients I guess and whatever inactive ingredient is in this one did n't work well for my husband .
 barber injector blades not worth the money . TOO DULL AFTER ONE USE . SHICK BLADES WERE GOOD FOR SEVERALSHAVES .
 not a good product . company need to discontinue product . blades dull and cuts skin while shaving.need refund for product . not worth anything .
 I 've been taking these pills every night for the past six weeks . There has been absolutely no difference whatsoever . No change in breast size and no reduction in acne . I bought it after reading all the raving reviews but unfortunately , I guess it just does n't work for everyone . I 'll keep taking the pills until my supply runs out but I have lost faith that it will work .
 I 'm afraid that as much as we all wish products like this would work they really do n't so save your money . I have been taking these for over 2 months now and there has been ABSOLUTELY NO CHANGE to my breasts whatsoever .
 I bought this product hoping for an alternative to the aluminum based ones normally used . It worked fine for wintertime when I only had desk work to do . However , with any amount of activity I found myself needing a deodorant . I ended up throwing the stone away in search of something different .
 I 've used crystal stone deodorants before with success but this one just did n't work at all ! A shame because it has such high ratings and i was really hoping it would work .
 This crystal did not work at all for me . I think it might work for someone who is primarily sedentary , but its surely not an athlete friendly product . I am disappointed to say this as I was very excited after seeing all these positive reviews . But hey , maybe I 'm just a really smelly guy.Anyway , I 'm back to axe !
 I am trying to go natural . But I do not want to smell like the zoo . After a week of using the Amazing Thai crystals , I gave up . My smell was horrible . I smelled like someone from Europe that does not use any deodorant , Asia , from all those crazy countries that like the natural barnyard smell . I am so pissed I am writing this review . Why does natural meaning smelling like the packaderm house at the zoo ! All you natural smelling people tell me ? What am I missing here . Please .
 I decided to give this product a try because it was hypo-allergic . I still do n't know how to figure out if it even works . It 's a crystal stick that you wet and apply under your arm . It 's suppose to keep you dry , but that did n't happen for me . It may work for others , but I ended up switching back to my normal brand . If you are looking for an organic deodorant , you may want to look into other options .
 This is like using nothing , I feel like I abused my armpits but it does nothing for me.Great idea , and maybe it 's made for a woman and the hair stops it from being effective.Maybe it 's made for people who just do n't ever smell.This crystal did not work at all for me . I think it might work for someone who is primarily sedentary , but its surely not an athlete friendly product . I am disappointed to say this as I was very excited after seeing all these positive reviews . But hey , maybe I 'm just a really smelly guy .
 After I stopped using deo with aluminum , I tried switching to this salt stone and stuck to it for several months hoping I would n't have to keep looking for more aluminum-free deos . But after the first few days , I could swear it was causing me to sweat randomly in my armpits during the day . It was pretty gross . I started developing slight BO too , which I 've never had in my life . I think it depends on the person and how their body reacts to it as to your level of success with it .
 These crystals do work , but you may notice a bit of a smell at the end of a long day . Not obnoxious , but the way to combat that as some readers have suggested is to do a large area of the underarm repeatedly.The price went up by over $ 6 , shipping is hefty , so at a total of $ 14 for this item , I am classifying this as a huge rip-off . Walgreens and CVS sell the same deodorant crystals for $ 5 to $ 6 , so save yourself some money if you are just testing . I bought `` Naturally Fresh '' with Aloe Vera and have been using it successfully for almost a year.Don ' t be fooled by the Thai or any other label . Mineral crystals are all relatively the same thing .
 Haha , I can tell already I 'm going to get low `` usefulness '' because this is a negative review . Lol.Anyway , if you are like me and you have BO to high heaven and you sweat substantially -LRB- I actually do n't sweat too much I just have insanely pungent smelling BO -- I 'm female btw which makes it more embarrassing -RRB- and you try this it def . wo n't work.Rocks and crystal sprays last a maximum of 2 hours for me ... with no physical labor ... working out , less than an hour . Even during that active time , I still have slight lingering scent of BO . You 'd probably be better of slathering anti-bacterial hand sanitizer on your pits -LRB- which actually works , believe it or not ... good for those super bad days -RRB- . Yet to find an organic/natural deodorant -- and now as my BO has gotten worse -- a regular deodorant/antiperspirant that works well -LRB- that lasts at least 10 hours ... my current d/a wears off at 2 pm -- 6 hours later -- very VERY annoying ... and I 'm a student and I have a desk job ; I do no physical labor -RRB- . If you sweat and stink only a tad , this is all you need . No need for any of the hardcore stuff .
 If you want early-onset Alzheimer 's and a lowered immune system , then by all means spread 61 % Alum on your body every day.Note the label does n't tell you exactly what is in the product . That is a huge red flag ! The company faxed me their ingredients and lo and behold it contains 61 % ` potassium alum ' which is aluminum , which is toxic to the body . They claim the crystals are too large to be absorbed but they provide ZERO scientific evidence that this is the case . -LRB- I had to get them to fax ingredients because they sneakily omit the ingredients from their label ! -RRB- google the following words `` Mercola aluminum lurks deodorant ' and see what Dr Mercola , MD has to say about these products.The label on the product is so misleading ! Another red flag ! It says ` contains no aluminum chlorhydrate ' , as if that is the only form of aluminum to worry about.Aluminum is extremely toxic and is absorbed by the skin . They say it is n't absorbed but then how do they think it blocks the pores on your skin ? By magic?Use this product at your own risk .
 I Purchased the Thai Deodorant Stick for my daughter and it truly did not hold her , her underarms were very smelly and wet
 I have used a crystal deoderant stick for the last several years . -LRB- That 's how long one stick lasted ! -RRB- I 'm now down to a few little pieces of the original , and do n't remember which brand I bought.I assumed they were all alike , and bought the ` Thai Crystal ' stick , which was definitely not the one I bought previously.The Thai product actually makes me smell worse ! -LRB- Actually , ` stink ' would not be too big a stretch . -RRB- It sounds like others have been very happy with this product , so it may be something odd about me . And because I so loved my prior crystal , I 'm going to try another brand ...
 So called `` all-natural '' deodorant crystals make their claim to being `` all-natural , '' yet possess ammonium alum as a principal ingredient . Ammonium alum , or ammonium aluminum sulfate dodecahydrate , is a sulfate of aluminum , and therefore is an aluminum salt , just like aluminum chlorohydrate , the principal ingredient in antiperspirants.The deodorant crystal is actually one giant greenwashing scam designed to take advantage of `` green '' minds with clever marketing tactics . Just like with aluminum chlorohydrate , studies have suggested a link between ammonium alum and several types of cancer , osteoporosis , anemia , headaches , kidney problems , liver problems , gastrointestinal problems , extreme nervousness , bone softening , decreased calcium absorption , muscle aches , and even colic and rickets in babies.In terms of potential toxicity , aluminum chlorohydrate and ammonium alum are one in the same ; as is potassium alum , or any other aluminum salt . Through clever greenwashing propaganda , these crystal manufacturers have marketed their product as being `` all-natural '' or comprised of 100 % natural mineral salts and nothing more.Arsenic , lead , and mercury are also `` all-natural , '' but that does n't exactly mean that they should be applied liberally to your underarms . All aluminum salts are `` natural mineral salts '' as they exist naturally in chemistry . Again , that does not necessarily mean that they are healthy.Yet another piece of propaganda used by these crystal manufacturers is their insistence on claiming that their product is a natural `` African '' or natural `` Thai '' crystal . This can also be filed nicely into the realm of fantasy , as these crystals were all manufactured , and even if they were n't machined the way they were , they 'd still be potentially toxic , none the less.When forced to concede that ammonium alum is indeed a potential toxin that these crystals possess , deodorant crystal manufacturers will rush to claim that although their product does in fact contain potentially toxic aluminum salts , these salts have a chemistry such that the ions in the `` natural mineral salts '' are too large to pass through the skin.Or they will claim that the ions are negatively charged , and therefore can not enter the body . Both of these claims are patently false and have about as much empirical evidence to substantiate them as the tooth fairy . Skin pores , especially in the underarm regions , are millions of times larger than the ions in question , meaning aluminum will get in your body like sand falling through a cargo net.So now that you know the truth about deodorant crystals , do n't let these manufacturers off the hook for their outright , greenwashed lies . Let them know that we wo n't stand for dishonesty when it comes to what goes under our arms .
 Yes it works , why ? Because it 's made of aluminium crystals -LRB- or Alum -RRB- . It 's no better health wise than your regular old stick of Degree . The manufacturers cleverly omit an list ingredients on the packaging but if you do your research , you will learn of the aluminium crystal content . Products manufactured overseas have very little health and safety codes so there 's no telling what else is in this stick of deodorant . You could well be spreading some serious toxins onto your skin.There are claims that Alum crystals can not be absorbed into the skin because of there molecular size which is just completely unproven . Molecular makeup changes upon becoming wet -LRB- you have to wet this stick to us it -RRB- . Want better solutions ? Take a spray bottle and mix some Bobs Red Mill aluminium free baking soda along with lemon juice under your arms . Or fill a spray bottle with Milk of Magnesia and apple that and you wo n't have further underarm problems .
 I 'm slightly devastated because I thought this was the answer to my prayers ! I was so excited to try a deodorant without aluminum , especially in as awesome of a form as a crystal rock . For some reason , it just did n't work for me . I read all the reviews , tried all the suggestions out , but it just got to the point where I was sitting there applying this from my upper waist all the way up to my elbow over and over and over , and I finally just had to accept that this is n't the thing for me . I love how it 's unscented and easy-to-apply - however , I found that my underarms still smelled after the normal course of a day . Less than they would if I was n't wearing deodorant , to be fair , but much more than when I used regular aluminum-chemical-laden deodorant . In fact , my boyfriend had to beg me to switch back to my old Secret deodorant before I finally conceded defeat.Seems like some people love this product , though , so I guess it depends on the person . Just sad to find out it 's not universal!As a tip : Careful if you drop the deodorant - the sucker gets slippery to hold after you are running it under water and the plastic handle part gets wet , etc. . I dropped mine on the floor and the top part cracked and a bunch of pieces broke off - after that , it was like trying to apply glass shards to my underarms .
 The crystal deodorant worked amazingly for a week or two , but then I started to get stinky very quickly . * sigh * I was so hopeful that a natural deodorant would work for me , but my quest still continues .
 I could never wear this and be confident around other people . It just does n't stop the smell as good as I 'd hope . I might wear it around the house , but never out in public because it wears off on me . I 'm not an active person , I stay at home most of the time going to school online , and the most I 'll do is some sit-ups or go around chasing my daughter . I wore it for a few months exclusively but it never got better . Even straight out of the shower , if I put this stick on I can smell some funk . It 's kind of gross , so I rinse the stick and rewash my armpits , but that does n't always work . This could work for some people but I ca n't trust if for long and it 's a hassle to reapply -- take off shirt , wash pits , wet stick , reapply , dry , put shirt back on -- hope it works . I definitely ca n't wear it all day and overnight or I 'll smell like a bum . -LRB- I 'm female btw -- do n't know why it puts my bro 's name on the review -RRB- I have tried `` Life Stinks '' and that covered my smell well , so I 'd be confident going out with it on -LRB- had to apply 2x a day to last though -RRB- but it made huge boils and pimples form under my armpits . I had to quit wearing that since I was getting worried that they kept coming back , and it was painful and ugly . Crystal and plain vinegar did n't work on me either , so I 'm still searching : -LRB-
 This did not work for me at all . I am disappointed and was excited to try after seeing all the positive reviews . baking soda and coconut oil worked better for me than this .
 I purchased this Deodorant Stones of America -LRB- `` DSA '' -RRB- product in early January 2007 in an attempt to get away from the chemicals found in more mainstream deodorants/antiperspirants . It does n't advertise itself as the latter and I concur with that description . In my experience , it does perform admirably as a deodorant . However , two and a half months after purchase , I developed rashes under both arms and have had to stop using the product . I had to return to the mainstream products and the rashes went away in two weeks . I am a senior citizen and have never had an allergy in my life so my reaction came as a surprise and a disappointment . I e-mailed DSA and explained the situation and asked for their allergic reaction experiences -LRB- the product is described as hypoallergenic -RRB- but they have n't responded during the intervening week .
 All the positive reviews prompted me to go back and give this another try before reviewing , but my results were the same even with more liberal application . You have to value the all-natural concept pretty highly to have the patience for what I found to be a rather messy application process -- rewetting the stick multiple times and covering a wide area -- compared to the quick swipes of an ordinary dry grocery aisle deodorant . I do value natural products , which is what led me to try this , but I guess it just does n't work for everyone regardless of dedication to proper application.Frankly , I 'd forgotten that perspiration can be pretty odoriferous since my regular use of Secret or another such product work well for me even when I 'm working hard outside in summer . Well , this is winter and I 'm not working hard , so I was surprised at the not-so-pleasant results when using this product . I ca n't say if it helped with wetness because I 'm not doing anything much worthy of that , but I can say that it had no effect on controlling odor even with mild activity.If the natural aspect is really important to you , it 's probably worth a try since based on other reviews apparently it 's worked well for others , but it 's not effective for everyone .
 I used to use this product because I thought that it was safe . Well , I did some research into it and found that this is aluminum in it 's truest form . I was quite surprised to learn that this product is aluminum under a different name . This is bauxite and bauxite is the raw state of aluminum . Since that is so , we are still using aluminum . I emailed the company almost a month ago and have not heard a thing from them . I wish I had known sooner.Update : Dr. Mercola had this review 2-16-2010 . -LSB- ... -RSB- And I still have not heard from the company about this issue .
 I switched to pit putty , which is a powder at the recommendation of a cousin , and that is n't so bad thus far . And given its a powder , that should help you determine how inconvenient putting on this 1 was . It took too long to put on and it does n't last long.Its a good idea , but apparently my needs for protection are higher .
 So far , I 've been very disappointed by this deodorant stone . For me , it completely fails to perform its advertised task . It does n't matter how much time I spend slathering it around in my nether-regions ; I smell horrible . I had just run out of my conventional deodorant , and put my entire faith in this magical Thai crystal as I endured one stinking week waiting for it to arrive . Oh well , maybe I can find some other uses for it . Definitely gon na have to 1-star this one . What a shame .
 So far I 'm satisfied about the way that protect me against bad smell . What I do n't like about this product is that on ingredients states ` mineral salt ' . That 's it . So , you do n't know what ingredients are included . Are you sure that all ` mineral salt ' are good for your body ? I 'm sorry , but I can not recommended .
 I was excited to try this product ; its reviews were terrific . I perspire very minimally without any antiperspirant , and not at all with typical drugstore antiperspirant . I tried thsi salt deoderant product for six days . Each day the product failed , I perspired , and so each day I applied more and more layers of the product . The additional layering made no difference . I wish I could recommend the product , but I can not .
 BE CARFULL WHEN BUYING , I PAID FOR A 2 PACK AND ONLY RECIEVED 1 . I HAVE TRIED TO CONTACT THEM TO GIVE THEM A CHANCE TO FIX IT BUT SINCE THEY ALREADY GOT THEIR MONEY THEY DO N'T CARE TO FIX THE PROBLEM.SO BE CAREFULL WHEN BUYING YOU MAY NOT GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR.YOUR 'S TRULEY RIPPED OFF AGAIN .
 Go ahead and use this product if you do n't want to continue having skin under your arms . This rugged stone will scratch up your underarms leaving you with bloody pits . Making you more worried about blood then sweat showing threw your clothes . This product is horrible . I recommend this to people who dont like their arm pits . The makers oh this deodorant stone need some serious counseling .
 The only problem I have is that I ordered this item and after receiving it was sad to discover that Country Life DOES NOT make an infant iron supplement . The item I received was the multi vitamin drops -LRB- which does not contain iron -RRB- and decided to keep the bottle since this was the multi that I already use -LRB- and really love -RRB- and decided it was n't worth the trouble of returning / refunding etc.The only reason that I am giving this item 1 star is because the company assured me that they would fix the title of the product . This is false advertising , so fix it already !
 I do n't think it did anything more thant just regular Vitamin E would do . It forms a film over the skin but I do n't think it helps heal better/faster .
 I am very disappointed in this product . After hearing all the wonderful reviews , and researching silicone gel , I had high hopes for this expensive product . I used this in combination with Scar-Away silicone gel sheets . I have a new -LRB- 2 month old -RRB- scar on my chin / jaw line . Originally , I would use the kelo-cote gel during the day and the Scar-Away gel sheets at night or when I am home alone . I have been doing this combination for a month now and have not seen any results in my scar . As an aside , I had to stop wearing the Scar-Away sheets because they are impossible to stick to your face / chin -LRB- even with tape -RRB- . I may go back to doing that though because this kelo-cote gel has not shown any improvement in my scar yet . I will continue to use this product until the full 12 weeks or so to see if there is some later improvement . I am disappointed that this product did not work at all . It may be slightly lighter in color , but I ca n't really tell at this point . If it improves , I will update this review . Until then , this product sucks and I do not recommend it .
 The dermatologists office recomended this product with rave reviews . I 've been using it faithfully for 6 weeks . Frankly I 've noticed little change in the scars appearance . Perhaps it just takes longer . The product itself is fine . Easy to use and takes make up nicely . A little pricey for silicon !
 I used Kelo-cote under dermatologist 's prescription for different scars for 1 year . In two 20 year old surgery scars -LRB- shoulder and stomach -RRB-
 Do n't waste your money . I have a bad scar from recent surgery and was hoping this would help fade it a little . Followed the directions exactly . It does nothing ! No improvement , no nothing . Big disappointment .
 No improvement noted . I used the entire tube as directed and did n't notice any change from my before pictures .
 This product came highly recommended . It does not come with any instructions on how to remove it gently so as to apply a new layer after it has been on the skin overnight . I did not notice that the scars were helped much either and I was using it at the early stage of scar formation so it should have been more effective . Be careful using it around skin that is around the nose or tending to have any acne as it will make it worse . I bought this after trying the Dermatix which also did not work well for me and caused inflammation .
 I generally like silicone scar removers , but this one is sticky and does not dry like it says it will . It remains very sticky on the skin . I did not continue to use it due to this . I used another brand that was a thinner consistency and absorbed in very well called ScarAway which I was very happy with .
 This item did nothing for my scar . It was messy and did not dry as described . Seems like just another cream that says it will reduce your scar , but is rubs off on clothes
 It does not work for me at all !
 Although Im very anxious to start using this product based on the reviews , I ca n't ! Why ? because it has not arrived!I was advised by American ... . that I should receive my product by 5/24 -5 / 27 . Today is the 29th and I still have not received it . To make matters worse , its a long Holiday weekend , which means that the next time mail will come around will be on 6/1 . I do hope that I either get my money back so I can order from a different company , or that they take the responsibility to OVERNIGHT me the product for free . I ran out of my previous product and as a result of this , will have to purchase it again to avoid skipping treating the incision . If I ever do receive the product , I will let you know how Kelocote works for me .
 I have tried this product until I finished the whole tube , but i ca n't see a difference on my scar . not sure if its working .
 I tried this product on the advise of a doctor . I 've used Kelo-cote for 2 months now and see no change in the several scars of different severity and age that I 've used it on . Maybe it needs longer to work , but I received the results I expected ... nothing .
 Sorry to report I was not happy with this gel . It stayed sticky and wet/thick on the skin and therefore made it impossible to use . It says it dries in a layer on teh skin , but even blowing on it and leaving it exposed for over an hour it never dried.I switched to the Scar Away serum which worked much better for me .
 THIS IS AN AMAZING PRODUCT , BUT , DO NOT ORDER IT FROM THIS COMPANY . THE PRODUCT PAGE SAID THE AMOUNT WAS FOR 2 TUBES . WHEN I FINALLY RECEIVED THE ONE TUBE AND CONTACTED THE COMPANY , THEY SAID `` THEY WOULD GET ON IT RIGHT AWAY ... '' ... IT 'S BEEN TWO YEARS AND MANY E-MAILS LATER AND STILL NO PRODUCT !!!
 I had a breast lift about 3 months ago . At the request of my Doc , I have been using Kelo-Cote since about 10 days after my surgery . Not only is it VERY oily -LRB- and yet still hard to spread -RRB- I do n't notice any difference at all . In fact , we did Kelo-Cote shots as well , and I swear my scars look worse now . I developed red vein-y things immediatly after each set of shots -LRB- there were 2 -RRB- . I am continuing to use this simply because the Doc said so . I actually have way more luck with ScarZone - which is an immediate fix . The white cream of ScarZone -LRB- as opposed to kelo-Cote 's clear/yellow-ish oil -RRB- masks the redness of the scars after it sinks in . I feel like this is only a temp fix , because the scar has absorbed the white cream , but at least it makes the scars look better for 2 days , whereas I can not tell a difference -LRB- or possibly a worse effect -RRB- with Kelo-Cote yet .
 I dont think this does anything but act as a glorified barrier cream ... I did n't notice any improvement in any of my scars .
 It is true that these are very cushiony compared to other heal inserts , but at the same time , because they are n't just flat like Dr.Scholl 's , the way the cushion comes to a more acute point on your heel can take some time to get used to . The main problems with these are that with me , they moved around a lot . I would have to re-adjust them throughout the day . And most importantly , within a day of using them , they had cracks in them and already started to wear down . I also bought two sets and they both wore down at exactly the same rate . More comfortable and more cushion than most , but if you intend to put them through their paces , they will break down on you .
 Wow this heel went from awesome to junk the sad thing is the company does n't care , do n't bother with these .
 The new MYGREX does not work well for my sinus headaches . Would like to have the orginal formula available because I received long lasting relief very quickly . The new formula does not have the same effect and I will not order it again.l
 I order the MYGREX because I always have sinus headache because of the Tennessee changing of climax . I started taken MYGREX back in 2008 and they helped me a lot . When I order the MYGREX , I realized they was ' t the same and they did not help my sinus headache . I send them back . You still use the orginal MYGREX box on the internet , that what made me to order them . When I received it they was n't the same . I wish you can change back to the orginal because it did worked . Not only for me but other user I introduce the product to.Thank you , Marsha Chism
 BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL FORMULA ... THIS NO LONGER WORKS !! :O -LRB- I HAVE BOUGHT THESE FOR YEARS , NO LONGER BENEFIT MY MIGRAINE CLUSTER HEADACHES , BROUGHT ON BY SINUS TROUBLE . STOP MESSING WITH STUFF THAT WORKS !!
 I do n't feel this product helped me at all . I have taken it for almost 60 days and still no change .
 This is not what I thought it was . the manufacture changed the ingrediants it is no longer as affective as it use to be . You can buy other cheaper over the counter medicine like pamprin . It is not the sellers fault .
 i ordered the product Femcaps but when i got them they had changed ingredients the box looked the same but when i opened and saw the packets were different i read the box for the ingredients and they had changed i called and was then told they had changed them , but i was not told that at the time of ordering , i sent them back they were billed to my visa and i hope they credit my visa . I called and talked to someone and i ordered a different product Mygrex i hope it will be as good as the old Femcaps .
 Great idea , did n't work though . I had one tab break on me the first time that I attempted to dock the 2 pieces together . The appliance installer broke off the other 2 . Since the dock was already installed to the wall we ended up screwing the 2 pieces together . Not what I was looking for .
 Provided very little if any support for me . honestly i think a tight sock would have been as effective . Was hoping this would provide a solution to my problem and it never did .
 nerve damage/flat foot - did nothing unless it was high on my foot and then completely cut off the circulation .
 I was deeply disappointed in this . This is little more than a heel cup with an elastic strap . The heel cup works its way up and out the back of the shoe during wear . I got NO arch support at all nor did it help offer support for my ankle . I did try to reach the provider of this product but received no reply .
 I purchased these pills to help with water retention . The ads fail to state that persons who have kidney disease or digestive problems should not take them . Also , pregnant or nursing women should not take them . After buying the pills I found out that I could n't use them ! Money wasted .
 I started taking half the recommended amount . This product gave me a slight headache . I stopped taking it after a week , and the headaches went away .
 I received my order , it was supposed to have 120 pills in the bottle , when I opened it there was only 49 pills and the expiration date was 09/2012 . I will never order these from your web site again . Joyce blair
 I am taking Magnesium taurate for about one month now and unfortunately I am facing a problem regarding muscle cramps/Spasms with magnesium Taurate!I can never forget the first day I took this product . I woke up in the morning and realized the spasms in most of my muscles specially my Thigh ! The problem exists now!I take one capsule of Magnesium Taurate in the night because after taking it , I get a kind of sleepy . Also waking up in the morning is not so easy for me in comparison to the time I do n't take it!I am also taking enough Vitamin D as an extra supplement.It is strange because I do n't have this problem when I use Magnesium Malate supplement !
 My experience with this compounded form of magnesium was not a good one . I started taking 2/day about 1 month ago . By 2 weeks in , contrary to what I believed it would do for me , I started to feel increased joint pain and muscle discomfort , requiring my going to get a massage to help relieve my discomfort . At this point , I had not made any connection . About a week later , I started to feel a fuzziness in my thinking and a few days later , had some cognitive disfunction . I then questioned the Magnesium Taurate and that I might be extremely sensitive to this particular formulation . I quit taking it about a week ago , and am feeling quite normal once again . I was going to throw away the remaking capsules . But I 'm wondering now if I can return it for a refund . This is what I would prefer to do .
 I was looking for some ways to lower my blood pressure . The BP itself not too bad but my doctor prescribed medication and I do n't want to take it . Read the book about magnesium and decided to try . Chose this brand based on reviews.The first night after taking 1 capsule , I woke up with leg cramp . I thought that it was very strange as the last time I had it was during pregnancy . But I did not -LRB- did not want to -RRB- make connection to the new supplement -LRB- so many reviewers have been cured from cramps using it -RRB- . Continued taking 1 capsule on most days for about month . Leg cramps kept bothering me on most of the nights and slowly another problem developed - heart palpitations -LRB- as in ` unpleasant awareness of your own heartbeat ' -RRB- . I do get this problem from time to time , but not as bad . Finally stopped taking magnesium and these problems slowly went away.The good news are that BP somewhat lowered , I do not take BP medication on most of the days and read healthy ~ 115/76 . Now , I am not sure what helped . Herb teas ? Running 2-3 times a week ? Better/longer sleep ? But I was doing this before I started magnesium and did not see results as good . So , I thought , either I did not give enough time for hibiscus/running/sleep to kick in , or magnesium helped despite the side effects , or there was some other factor that I can not recognize yet . I decided to resume magnesium on occasional basis and yesterday took one capsule . This night I woke up from the leg spasms and am stopping experiments with this product .
 The list of ingredients on the product description neglects to include gelatin as the second ingredient . I do n't use gelatin as most is animal-based and listing it would have been helpful in making the decision on whether buy the product . I take some responsibility since those that do not include it usually say veg cap . However , it can be overlooked and should be clearly stated . I will have to decant the product and hope it is not too unpalatable . I wo n't re-order .
 I am using my second bottle now hoping that it helps cutting my Migraine headaches but I have not seen any effect so far.I read in a book before that this type of Magnesium can help with Migraine . I may give up hope after finishing the second bottle . .
 Upon receipt this item appeared to be well made . It was vibrantly colorful and likely appealing to an infant just `` itching '' to put the pieces in his/her mouth . BUT ... it was made in China ! I returned it for credit .
 i order this because my LO eat her hand often . i decided to give her this but she cried because its so hard . before i gave it to my LO i boiled them for 2 minutes . the mirror broke , the teether with rubber melt . i guess it was my fault . but i used to boil everything i bought before i gave my daughter .
 Not very entertaining for a 5 month old . Maybe she 'll start liking the rattles as she grows a lil older .
 After researching this porduct it is not considered safe and BPA free . Some but not all sassy toys are bpa-free . It doesnt make sense to buy BPA free bottles and not toys .
 These are cute , but we are not impressed with the quality . These are a baby toy , and as such are going to get dirty and need cleaning . I briefly submerged these in soapy water and all except the butterfly got water inside the `` tube '' portions . They have taken several days to dry out and that 's during the winter with low humidity . Mold and mildew are going to be a serious consideration . Also wondering what 's going to happen once she starts chewing on the toys -- is saliva going to work it 's way in , too ? Would be an ok product if they were sealed better .
 This purchase was a waste of money for my . My son has had these for 4 months now and has never paid any attention to any of these . They are made of very hard plastic and not good for teething accept for the squishy part of the butterfly .
 these bags were cheap , but not worth it at all ! they fall apart and you dont want that happening for what you use them for !
 I 'm usually a price-conscious shopper but in this case I made a big mistake . These are poor qualiy and I have to use no fewer than four of them to accomplish what I would with one of a more expensive brand . The floss is not attached well to the pick so one end comes out with the slightest pressure . Also in an attempt I suppose to make it ` soft ' or ` silky ' it ends up being too elastic , so one ends up either with a piece of floss too stretched out to be useful or a pick with only one end attached , which is useless . Next time I 'll buy another brand .
 It seems like they never tested these . It takes 4 or 5 to do my mouth as the floss stretches , shreds and breaks lose . Last night the plastic posts that hold up the floss broke most of the way inwards leaving plastic shards in my mouth ! My housemate had two similar experiences . We have n't had such problems with with other brands , but the drug store never seems to have the same brands each time I visit !
 I 've had the misfortune on spending my hard earned cash on this product . I 've recently become a fan of floss picks over traditional flossing since the latter was difficult to manage . I had been using Crest 's glide floss picks but even though they were very effective , I found them quite expensive . Seeing that the Dentek floss picks were significantly cheaper , I decided to give them a shot . What an absolutely horrible decision.First of all , the material the actual floss string is made out of is the weakest material in the world . If you breathe next to them , they will instantly snap in half . You can imagine then how poorly they hold up while being squeezed in between your teeth . In fact , half of the Dentek floss picks you buy will actually be used to try and get out the floss string that is trapped in your mouth from earlier picks . Secondly , the end of the floss pick aka the `` gum stimulator '' is as dull as an Adam Sandler movie . The only stimulation you will get is the simmering sense of anger that will be produced when you realized you wasted your money.So the bottom line is do n't be lured in by the price tag . Use your money on an effective floss pick like the aforementioned one produced by Crest .
 I usually do n't write negative review but this floss is of really poor quality . I ended up with this product because I was trying to find the cheapest kind . These are so poor quality that you will end up using more than any other brands on single use which defeats the point of being cheap . Floss string easily breaks or gets loose when I try to reach tight corners of my teeth.Pros : Shredded Resistant FlossTexture PickTongue ScraperFresh Minty flavorEconomicalCons : Floss string easily breaksLower quality -LRB- Enough to outweigh all the pros -RRB- . I wo n't recommend this product . I hope the company reads these reviews and improve the quality of product .
 The green flossers arent good for tight teeth . Tight or close teeth need the waxed flosser - the white ones .
 First item was mailed to wrong address and has returned to sender.Second item arrived but missing vibration and comfort pillow , I wrote a letter to CS requesting the missing items to be mailed since August 2012 but it never arrived.Honestly I wo n't able to comments or write the full review due to incomplete items and the Trueback just became one of my unwanted item / collection at home.I do n't think to shop or recommending anyone to purchase from the ` amazon.com ' with my bitter experiences .
 I bought many products from this company and was very disappointed to see the ingredients list.All of them have magnesium stearate which it presents health risks such as immune suppression , toxicity , ingestion of trans fats and exposure to carcinogens.It can actually weaken your immune system.I wo n't use them .
 It 's more like cleaning fragrance.If you burn , it evaporate so fast.Don ' t smell like a real pine.Et eg
 I ordered a men 's fragrance called Realm from the picture displayed in the ad . What I received was not the same product . The packaging was different , the container tube was different and the fragrance was similar but different . I suspect that it was a cheap knockoff . I threw it out ! I am now closing my account .
 Followed directions . Remained warm about 6 minutes . Could not reuse or get them to reheat . Maybe mine were defective . Not returnable now . Had to trash them . Wasted money !
 Followed directions . Remained warm about 6 minutes . Could not reuse or get them to reheat . Maybe mine were defective . Not returnable now . Had to trash them . Wasted money !
 I bought this product believing to be less messy than foams and polishes . I tried to use it once and found the coverage to be uneven and inadequate.I tried clearing the nozzle . Maybe I had a bad can . So I tried the 2nd can in the order . Same thing . Into the trash . Hagerty should be ashamed of marketing this product
 This product is good , it worked for me . I used to take twice a day morning and evening . Later i switched to once a day , but finally i had stop the intake on my Doctors advice . Because after 2nd week of usage i started getting mild migraines and later intense one so i had to stop .
 I have not found this product to reduce the ringing in my ears . Maybe I have real bells up there .
 i do n't think that there is a great difference before and after using this product but all in all it is not bad
 This product should not even mention massage in its description , because it does not , it should be stated as a vibrating chair . All it does is vibrate , which is very different from massage . I think that is all it can do for the price -LRB- 10-15 dollars -RRB- , if you want a massaging chair spend around hundred or so get a good massaging chair . All cheap products like this does not do any thing closer to what do you called a massage .
 Buying these products in bulk will save you a dollar - but i have found that most of these 25 count testing strips expire in a year - not good when you are only going to test it on your self .
 It do n't got nottin to do with the product as it is a medical item which they neithermanufacture nor replace with a generic version.The problem and it is a big one was the selling of my address to Stamps.com which emailed me three pages of adds to inform me that `` something was mailedto me by TEST MEDICAL SYMPTOMS @ HOME '' . For that I also blame Amazon as I expect it to insure that its sellers respect the privacy of Internet Commerceturk
 I am so disappointed . The base and globe were both a very light plastic , so they were certainly overpriced by at least 67 % . The one I got was defective in two ways
 I do n't usually write reviews because the other reviewers cover all the angles necessary for a product but there is a glaring oversight here.I have tried pure stevia , and stevia packets , and these tea bags . These tea bags of stevia are awful . The tea leafs are too fine and there is a lot of dust . This dust filters right through the tea bag and enters the tea . This gives the tea a terrible taste . I tried brewing it longer and shorter time but to no avail . It is just plain bad . Buyer beware.If you want the sweet stevia goodness skip all the imitators and packets and go straight to the good stuff , pure stevia powder like the one sold by Kal . If you want stevia tea bags , look elsewhere . You have been warned . - Keepin ' it Real
 * It has now broke down after my original review was posted below . The light on the controller just blinks blue . It makes a clicking noise toward the base when you push the Power button . No matter how long we wait , it wo n't do anything . We tried unplugging it for a while also , nothing happens . I 'm really disappointed at this point . It felt pretty good before this happened . My girlfriend and I both weigh the same and are the same height . We are both 155 and 5 ' 7 '' . She used it every day . I used it twice . I sent an email to tech support and I 'm waiting to see what they will say , I 'll update this when they reply . *** HoMedics never did call or email me back . It 's been 4 days and I decided to return it through Amazon 's website . I have the shipping labels printed out and I am sending it back tomorrow for a refund . This product really irritated me , especially HoMedics not contacting me . The thing only lasted 6 days ! I guess I was right about the popping noise being a concern . When we get our money back , we are going to get another massager , but not a HoMedics . That 's for sure . ** I got this for my girlfriend who works at a bakery . She constantly compained of a sore back . I feel really bad because it hurts far too much for me to massage her back . I have rheumatoid arthritis localized to my spine -LRB- ankylosing spondylitis -RRB- . This seemed like a good substitute . She wanted to wait for Christmas to open it , but she was so excited because I spilled the beans -LRB- one drunk night , my bad -RRB- . She let me open it -LRB- today -RRB- for her to try out . I was very excited for her to try it out because I wanted to know if she liked it and for me to try it out for this review.PROS : The setup only took about 10 minutes which includes reading all the instructions and installing it on a chair.The massagers really do a great job at deep tissue massage . The Shiatsu and Rolling massages really nail it , they really press hard on your back as it moves up and down.It has a leather flap that adds extra protection the massager and your back.The gray cloth part that you see in the picture adds air circulation to your back and the motors in the massager.I 'm not sure yet , but I think the massagers in the bottom add heat . It 's really easy to use.CONS : You should only use it for 15 minutes at a time or until it gets `` hot '' before you need to shut it down . This is part of the safety and use instructions to make it last longer and protect yourself.Where the gray cloth meets the black leather , there is a ridge which can hurt your back from your shoulder blades to your spine.For me , my SPONDYLITIS made it really uncomfortable ! For those of you with physical back problems that affect your spine , you will not enjoy this . It really rubs your tissue toward your spine with a lot of pressure . *** One major issue that I noticed was that there was a popping noise when the massager on the left side got to a certain point . That is a definite sign of mechanical failure . At this stage -LRB- first use -RRB- , it 's very concerning . I will update if it breaks down *** Overall , it 's worth it according to my wife . I ca n't endorse it because of my spinal problems . I can imagine how it felt great for my wife though . The one major issue as noted above is the mechanical issues that it has . I really do n't want to spend any amount to send it back to the manufacturer . It should arrive free of defects . This is a premature review , I will update in a few months .
 I could have bought this at the local store for less and not have to wait.Bad deal ! Do n't buy and waste your money but especially time .
 The product was delivered to me in what seemed to be expired condition . It was completely unusable , which forced me to send it back to the company . The shipping both ways was more than the order itself . Not happy .
 It might work if you could grab the hair . The tweezer mechanism is very flimsy and quickly loses its `` grabbing '' power . You have to squeeze the tweezer device so tight that it will sooner or later cause the plastic to crack .
 I was so excited to get this product because I hate shaving . However , I quickly found out that it was n't nearly as effective as it claimed to be . I tried hair from all over my body -LRB- legs , underarms , eyebrows , etc. -RRB- to see if I could get it to remove one hair . Just ONE hair ! Nothing doing . I found out later that electrolysis is best for fine , light colored hair . Well , I have plenty of those , but I do n't really need those removed - I need the dark , coarse hair ! I was really disappointed . On the positive side -LRB- if you have fine , light hair that needs to be removed -RRB- it is fairly easy to use , although it takes forever , and has clear instructions . The multi-hair remover coil does n't work so you really have to try and remove one hair at a time . It is n't very painful , I mean you can feel a kind of weird sensation under your skin , but it does n't hurt - it just does n't work ...
 I recently bought this product for my girlfriend at her request . I think the only reason they are able to continue selling this product is because no one has the patience to verify that it does not work . It comes with a poorly made tweezer device that you have to use to clamp down on a hair for 30 seconds before plucking it . Once the hair grows back you will need to do this again and again until it does n't grow back . According to the instructions it should stop growing back after about four times . You have to be extremely dedicated to invest that much time .
 I bought this and a few other products from Emjoi , and the quality of these products is non-exsistant . This one didnt even work . I tried it on myself and others and it never worked once . I read all the directions multiple times and even called Emjoi . It still didnt work . Do n't waste your money .
 I would have rated it zero if only the scale went that low . These tweezer-type hair removers do not work . Anyone who says they 've tried it and it worked is deluding themselves . The hair will grow back . I was suckered into one several years ago before doing the research on it and I will never be duped again . Electrolysis works by inserting a needle into the hair shaft to deliver the -LRB- painful -RRB- shock which eventually destroys the follicle . The tweezers do n't deliver enough energy to do anything . Please do n't waste your money or hope on this useless product .
 First , its really boring and unmotivating to use this product as you have to switch off the radio/TV etc , before using it.Second , its very tedious.If it was effective , it would have probably been worth the effort , but the hair would n't come off after more than 20 seconds of holding.Didn ' t work for me . I gave up after several tries.Jay
 I have tried numerous products like this in the past , and after doing hours of research on the technology discovered it is largely unproven and that all this clinical proof they all claim does not exist . The only product that I am aware of that works is the one touch electrolysis pen . Give that a try , or make a professional appointment .
 This product does n't work and hurt my fingers to clamp down on such a small hard wand for 30 seconds . I would NEVER recommend this product . Plus when I went to return the defective product , I had to pay shipping both ways :-LRB- :-LRB- :-LRB- NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER
 Basically , this product does n't work . That 's all you need to know .
 this item causes numerous ingrown hairs . Use at your own risk
 I , and several of my friends , have purchased Emjoi products and they simply do not last . I urge you to strongly consider buying an alternate brand of epilator , such as a Braun . We had wonderful success with Braun products ; they perform and they last .
 When I first purchased this item , I paid about $ 90 a few years ago . It worked great for the first year , but after the warranty ran out , I noticed it started to operate funny . Apparently the little ball bearings were falling out of the sides , prohibiting the smooth and easy operation of the device . Attempts to contact customer service were futile , and I was willing to send it in to have it repaired at any cost to me -LRB- providing it did not exceed the cost of a new one ! -RRB- . Stay away from it , as I forgot to mention that the power cord died after a year , and I had to resplice the wires in order to have it charge the device.This was purchased to replace another item that was in an accident , and I will never purchase another . I always had luck with the Philips devices .
 I have very thick hair on my legs so I tried this with some hesitation . It does n't hurt very much when you are doing it , but later I had red bumps and my legs were VERY sensitve to touch for a couple of days . I worked on my legs on two different days and still could not get all the hair out . I think if you do not have thick hair , this probably works well , I just thought I would warn any other girls out there who have hair like I do .
 I took this looking at some good reviews . But this does n't seem to work properly . It 's not even removing bigger hairs let apart the smaller once . Sometimes even blood comes out . Never should go for this product .
 This has to be the worst misnomer for this product . UNBELIEVABLY PAINFUL !!! Nothing gentle about it . It also does n't get enough hair out relative to the pain you are enduring . Go get a waxing and save yourself from what feels like 50 pocket knives tearing into your skin at 100 mph !
 I have had it for about 2 years , and it is not worth what I paid for it . First , while using it on my arm , it grabbed the skin on my elbow and I had to remove the cover to free it . After that , I left the cover off while shaving . Now , it stopped working . When I examined it , I noticed that the ball bearing on the right side have mostly fallen out . When I take ball bearing out of the left side to insert them in the right side , they still fall out . I tried to contact the company about the problem over the internet , and for some reason I could not . You can save your money and buy something cheaper for the quality that you get with this hair remover .
 This shaver is the worst !!!! It hurts to use , and communicating with the manufacter regarding this product is a total joke !!! They were RUDE and tried to shoffle me off to the Remington outlet when this is THEIR product !!! The worst customer Service I had ever encountered in my life . I would NEVER recommend this product to friends or to family members !!!
 I knew when I bought this item that some pain would be the price of ripping hairs out by the roots . I just had no idea how much . My main problem area is some hair on my face and neck . I also wanted to use this for underarms.When I used the Emjoi , it was so painful that tears were running down my face . I was not actually crying , but that 's how much my eyes were watering ! I tried it under my arms . It did n't get all of the hair , was extremely painful , and caused major skin irritation.Next I tried it on the facial areas . The device barely removed any of the hair I wanted to get rid of , and again was extremely painful and caused skin irritation . I thought that if I just stuck with it for a while , I would get toughened up , and using it would n't bother me so much . No luck.While I was trying out the Emjoi I wound up having to shave with a regular razor as well to get rid of the hair I needed to remove . Even if I let the hair grow to be a little longer before using the Emjoi , it still did n't remove it all.When I bought this item -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- , I had a 90-day period within which I could return it . I tried to use it for most of that time , thinking that things would improve , but in the end I had to send it back.The product name is Gently Gold Caress . `` Gently '' and `` Caress '' are descriptive terms that should n't be allowed anywhere near this product .
 I purchased this hoping that it would be the answer to frequent shaving and waxing . It was n't . This product says that you can use it a day after shaving . Untrue . After waiting a week for the hair on my legs to grow long enough , it removed hair unevenly and was more painful than waxing . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I used this product for several months , hoping that as time went on the hair on my legs would start growing back more slowly -LRB- as promised -RRB- . Well , it did n't . I still have to epilate at least once a week , and I have to shave every couple of days to feel smooth . In addition , I have to rigorously exfoliate , or else I get major ingrown hairs . But it 's still worth it , because it allows me to stretch to 3-4 days between shaving , whereas without the epilator , I felt as if I had to shave every day .
 The brochure of the Emjoi responds to the question , `` Why is the Emjoi curved '' , with the answer , `` Because the female body has curves '' . While it is delightful to note that the makers of this otherwise sturdy little machine have noticed this long-obscure fact about the female body , I do have to point out to them the following two startling observations :1 . the female body also has parts that are flat , like thighs -LRB- maybe their models were barbies -RRB- 2 . the female body also has curves that are concave , not just convex , eg around the bikini line.Which means that a curved surface on the blades makes it almost impossible to reach hairs on those surfaces.I have ordered the Braun top of the line , which apparently has a a bikini-line special attachment . In any case , it appears that the blades are on a straight surface , plus it seems to be much higher seeling than the Emjoi . Will make a comparison once i get it , but if the above sounds relevant , bear it in mind .
 The first use was fine - got all the hairs on my tummy and bikini area just great . I even expanded its use to my underarms . It was plenty painful under my arms but the results were worth it . Then all the problems started . When my hair started to come back in I used the Gently Gold again . I remember thinking how little it hurt . As near as I can tell it was snapping my thinner regrowing hairs off at skin level . Then the worst , I got raised , horrible , awful bumps along my bikini line and on my tummy ! I had never had ingrown hairs . I discontinued use in the area . It 's been months now and I am still dealing with unslightly ingrown hairs and the scars they leave behind when you finally liberate the hair . Back to shaving ! I continued it 's use on my underarms since the hair there was not as thin/frail as the hair elsewhere , then the durn thing burnt itself out after a total of 4 months use .
 Like I said , OUCH ! I only wish it would make my legs a little more smooth and then I might not mind the intense pain so much . I have been getting waxed for years so I can handle pain pretty well but this is unbelievable , I actually have to take breaks to let the pain subside . I can eventually get my legs pretty smooth but not as smooth as shaving . The only thing that keeps me using it is that it is taking the hair out by the root so I know it wo n't come back anytime soon and it is cheaper than waxing in the long run !
 I am always in search of new ways to remove unwanted hair and after reading the reviews here I was so excited to receive my Emjoi AP-9GAR1 Gently Gold Caress Rechargeable Hair Remover before it went on backorder . I am SOOOOOO disappointed . The words `` gently '' and `` caress '' should NOT be in its title . I 've used tweezing -LRB- no pain , too much time for all my hair -RRB- , shaving -LRB- have to do it daily , yuck -RRB- , waxing with mixed results -LRB- very messy & time consuming to do-it-yourself -RRB- and although the epilady of years past was painful , it at least removed the hairs in a single pass or two . NOT THIS ONE ! I 've played with the angles and motions and my hair is least a half of an INCH -LRB- not cm . -RRB- and my skin is still whimpering . I 've endured pain in my life -LRB- kidney stones & broken bones , etc -RRB- with an average to above-average pain threshold , and maybe if this torture device removed all the hairs on a single pass or two , I 'd tolerate it . But it does n't . It will be the first time I 've ever returned an item to Amazon.com since I started shopping here three years ago . I seem to be in the minority with my opinion , but this product does not live up to its claims . Save your money and your skin and look elsewhere for a hair-removal product .
 I ordered this hair remover in Septeber , did not receive it until mid Nov. . On top of that , Amazon issue the certificate discount 2months late leaving a short period of time before it expired . After emailed back and forth , Amazon still denied of owning their own mistake on the delay of issuing the certificate . Totally disappointment with their service . Guys , please watch out for their promotional certificate discount , as they will find a cheap way to cheat on their customers !!!
 After 2 years of using the Optima I decided to give this one a try , mainly because of the cordless option . I gave it a valiant effort , but it is just not powerful enough for me
 I was a frequent waxer , and thought wow look at this it will save me time and money compared with the ever costly salon visit -LRB- I 'm including tipping and parking prices -RRB- . I thought wrong , waxing I 'll admit is extremely painful and can completely understand why someone could not go through with it . When I recieved this in the mail I was shocked to find not only did this not do such a great job of removing hair but hurt real bad horribly bad , so bad I really could ` nt even use it . I 'll stick to waxing from now on .
 Works as listed , but does n't keep the hair from coming back any better than shaving . Within a year , it will not charge , but can be used with the cord . Just did n't do what I expected it to do .
 I 've used other epilators and love them -LRB- burnt the motor out on my Braun after 3 yrs -RRB- . After the first use or two , it does n't hurt -LRB- other reviewers gave up too early and did n't give them enough time -RRB- . But the Emjoi is poorly designed -- it 's curved head means that the entire head does not touch skin at the same time , so it often misses a lot of hairs . This means you have to go over the same areas again and again . Also , it does n't handle fine hairs well -LRB- after months of epilating , your hairs get very fine -RRB- . Because of these inefficiencies and poor design , I returned the Emjoi and will instead search out another Braun -LRB- hopefully a rechargeable one -RRB- .
 I have been using norelco cool skin 7735x blades for about 10 years - they advertise and show you a picture that they are the same blades , but they send you the 8000 series which is much different and leaves burn red marks on your skin . I ask why would you advertise and show the pic of the product and send something different ? This has happened to me sereval times with different vendors ... just looking to get the 7735x cool skin blades ... someone help !!!!
 I ordered a replacement set of shaver heads `` Norelco HQ177 , '' advertised available at $ 28.99 , from Goodman 's . Days later I received Norelco HQ8 , advertised at 24.99 , with an invoice stating that `` HQ177 no longer available , Upgrade to HQ8 . '' The HQ8 will fit the Series 77 shaver , but it is not a recommended replacement by Norelco . I tried the HQ8 head . Each cutting guard has reduced openings of about 40 % . It is impossible to get a close shave with this head . My three year old heads are better . Note
 I took these pills 4 times and they did absolutely NOTHING . They do n't merit even a single star . Do n't waste your money on them , like I did .
 I took these pills 4 times and they did NOTHING . They do n't deserve a single star . Do n't waste your money on them , like I did .
 I took these pills 4 times and they did absolutely nothing.They do n't merit even a single star . Do n't waste your money on them , like I did .
 ditto to what the last guy said . it does n't work , and it 's a big waste of money .
 I received the Emjoi4Men as a gift today . I followed the directions , and the product does NOT work as advertised . It is not painless , even when you hold the buttons for 3x the necessary time . The Emjoi4Men is just an expensive tweezer . Save your money !
 I did n't think my case of poison ivy could get worse but it did . After I stopped taking oral ivy things slowly but surely got better . Oral ivy liquid just did n't work for me .
 This product made my poison ivy spread rapidly . Within an hour of taking . I could see the rash spreading . If you are Highly allergic to poison ivy , I would stay away away from this product .
 There 's no way to tell if I 'd be any worse if I had n't been using this , but I 've had both feet covered in poison ivy for about 2 weeks now . I work in a wood shop all day , have to keep boots on . I can change my socks once or twice a day and apply calimine , but I 've been taking 12 drops every 2 hours for 2 weeks and it 's only gotten worse.Who knows , maybe I 'd be covered head to toe and this stuff kept it from spreading . Wish there was a way to tell for sure , so I feel bad giving it 2 stars , but I feel like 3 would be wimping out . I wo n't be buying this again and I wo n't recommend it to anyone.I was into homeopathic medicine years ago , I 've even made my own tinctures in the past . I think I 've got an open mind to this stuff , I 'm just not seeing the results I was hoping for .
 i followed the directions on the package and religiously dosed myself only to have to fight off two annoying bouts of poison ivy this summer . i tried the large dose , as instructed for knocking down the rash after exposure , and that did nothing either . i must be very allergic as nothing worked to get rid of the PI ; not scrubs , soaps , nothing . so , works for some , not for others.on the plus side , it 's mostly palatable unless you try the large dose . and it 's not too expensive . i 'll probably continue to use the rest of the bottle this year just in case i 'm a freak and need to build way way up before exposure . better than chucking it , i suppose .
 I had the poison ivy rash on my arm and leg , it is very itchy , so I started to look for something great to make me feel better . I saw this product have a good review and I ordered one bottle with one-day delivery service from Amazon . But unfortunately this production not work for me at all , disappointed !
 Our daughter hated bath time so I got this hoping to have something soft for her to relax on while she had her much dreaded bath . I used it twice . Once in a `` baby tub '' and once in our own tub -LRB- in two inches of water -RRB- . In both instances I had the water temp set to within the safety bar of our bath water tester . In the time it took me to walk from the tub to carry my baby across the bathroom when I set her down onto the foam - it was FREEZING COLD !!! Granted this was during December , but we had the bathroom door closed with the heat on so the room itself was quite warm . Then I noticed that the foam never got completely dry . It stayed wet for days -LRB- during the dry winter months mind you -RRB- talk about a germ harbor ! I consider this to be a waste of money .
 The product that I received did n't function . It was obviously poorly assembled and missing a part . I would have returned it but since it was a low dollar amount , it was too much a nuisance to go thru the complaining/shipping process . I will not purchase healthcare products again from Amazon . It would have been significantly easier if I had just purchased it from the store in the mall .
 My sonicare failed to turn on just a few days after its 2 year warranty expired . I called their customer service and they said I have to BUY AN ENTIRE NEW UNIT -LRB- another $ 100 -RRB- again.They said my experience is quite normal and that the battery will not recharge after ~ 2-3 years and ca n't be fixed.So not only do they get you for a big upfront investment and frequent expensive brush head replacements but the whole thing does n't last very long . They do n't tell you this when you buy it!Poor quality product and poor durability !!
 I have n't used my Sonicare toothbrush in about a year - I switched back to manual because I was unhappy with the effectiveness of the Sonicare . About a month ago , I decided to give it another chance , but the battery is now ruined . I followed Sonicare 's instructions and left the unit in the charger , even though I was a bit skeptical of that strategy . I trusted Sonicare 's engineers to have designed the unit properly , such that it wo n't over-charge and destroy the batteries , but I guess the joke is on me . The battery pack is considered non-replaceable , and that is simply unacceptable in my opinion . To throw away a $ 100 + toothbrush because the $ 8 battery wo n't hold a charge is absurd.I 'm a nerdy do-it-yourselfer , so I cracked open the case to access the batteries . I 've considered replacing them , but I do n't know if I 'll even bother , since the toothbrush 's cleaning action was sub-par . And if I do replace the batteries myself , it will be tricky re-sealing the case to prevent water damage without making future battery replacement even more difficult.For a per-unit cost of an extra dollar or two , Sonicare could have screwed the two halves of the base unit together , rather than fusing the plastic . Doing so would have made battery replacement simple . It also would be much more environmentally-friendly , as the nickel-cadmium batteries in the Sonicare are extremely toxic . Even Sonicare , on its website , cautions not to dispose of the toothbrush in a landfill . They will recycle their product for free -LRB- oh , gee - that 's big of them ! -RRB- , and for those of us who want to recycle it ourselves , they give instructions to crack open the case with a screwdriver and remove the batteries.I know a lot of people love the Sonicare toothbrush , but I would like to know how many of them are still happy with it after the 18 - to 24-month mark . As far as I 'm concerned , the Sonicare is just a really expensive disposable toothbrush . And I say to the engineers who designed the Sonicare with irreplaceable batteries
 I got this brush because my dentist recommended it . I tend to brush too hard on the corner teeth and was creating notches . I was very happy with this -- for awhile . After using it for awhile I started to notice a nasty smell . I cleaned the outside of the brush and that did n't help . Next I unscrewed the base from the brush and it was pretty bad in there . There was black mold as well as thick white gunk . I cleaned it thoroughly with bleach , getting into corners with q-tips . In no time , the smell was back . This time I investigated further into the brush head itself . Gaaaaack . There was a lot of gross mold growing in there . I soaked that in clorox , then gave it a shake . Chunks of mold came flying out . I cleaned it as well as I could and reassembled it . The brush head no longer worked.I change the replacement heads pretty regularly , even though they are very expensive . I am going back to a regular brush with soft bristles that I can buy for a couple bucks and toss when it gets old .
 I bought this brush three months ago and I have been using it every day . I noticed that my gums were swelling a little but I did n't pay attention to it . Today I went for my dental cleaning appointnment and guess what - my dentist told me that my gums now were in a really bad shape -LRB- there was a lot of blood -RRB- . Now I was told to come back in three months vs my normal 4-month cleaning cycle . He told me either to brush manually or to get an OralB electric brush . In his words , teeth cleaning should be called `` gums cleaning '' and you can do much better manually with a proper technique.I do feel that this brush cleans well the teeth but the problem areas are the ones below the gumline and this brush does n't seem to reach there and it does n't give a good `` workout '' for your gums . It felt a liitle weird in the beginning but then I got used to it . I liked how this sonicare product is built and the timer things , but it does n't make a good toothbrush.Bottom line , I am switching back to manual brushing and I recommend against buying this brush .
 I have had the brush for less than a year . It has developed cracks around the on ` off button and is no longer usable.It does an excellent job of cleaning your teeth but the brush should last longer than one year .
 I waited two weeks to receive my Sonicare ordered through Amazon and I never received it . I 'm sure it 's a wonderful product but now I will never know -LRB- actually I 'll order it through drugstore.com so I will know soon enough -RRB- . Amazon was incredibly unhelpful and I had to chase a package around until finally it got cancelled . Amazon prides itself on its personal recommendations but I 'm terribly disappointed with their level of service and advise others not to use them .
 After a few months with the top-of-the-line sonicare , I 'm switching back to a manual toothbrush . My teeth just do n't feel that smooth cleanness that I want . 2 minutes on sonicare , and the teeth still are n't smooth , then I brush manually for 20 seconds , and actually get the teeth clean .
 I have had a sonicare toothbrush for two years . I like how it cleans and enjoy using it . I am presently on my third handle . Cracks keep appearing in the handles or part where the brush is screwed on . Sonicare has replaced them but tell me that they will no longer do this because I use baking soda or peroxide toothpaste . They claim paste with these ingredients cause the material to crack . You might want to be aware of this before purchasing .
 I am so disappointed in my Sonicare . Once the battery decides not to recharge anymore , there is absolutely NOTHING that you can do ! You have to replace the entire unit . I am very , very disappointed . What a SCAM !
 I ca n't believe this ! The handle is cracking in 4 places and I 've only had it a week ! It works great , but I 'm astonished that no one tested this plastic under the conditions that someone would actually used it . I am VERY disappointed . I have talked to others and gues what ! Cracks started forming on their 100 dolloar toothbrushes also ! At this price , this appliance should be a lot more strudy .
 This brush may be great ... but it wo n't last long ... Like other reviewers I got the BLACK MOLD ... it is disgusting . I guess the problem is that the water gets into all the places and cracks in the frame . This can not be healthy . It is the black mold like all the homeowners got in their homes and ended up having to move away . Not a good thing on a toothbrush . While it does n't touch your mouth ... I do n't think you want that stuff near you ... much less your face .
 Not rating the product but the company that sells the product your add stated the item I ordered was going to ship the next day the next day you send me an email stating that you can no longer ship the item on the date in the add . But the add still states the item will ship the next day . I will wait as long as it takes . And then let everyone know how long it has taken you to ship an item that is advertised next day .
 I was almost abt to finish the transaction for buying this , but luckily , i saw a negative feedback posted by someone else , in this website , so i decided not to buy it.Thanks a lot man
 I need a toothbrush that works quickly , not in months but weeks/days . The people who make these products do n't understand the meaning of FAST ! It 's not worth my time if it does n't work effectively or efficiantly like i want it to . Call me stuborn but there are many people who feel this way to !
 Received the item for Christmas , read the entire user guide before plugging it in , and , after pre-charging the recommended time , I began using it on December 27 . Worked great until January 3 , at which time , when I picked it up to brush before bed , it would not stay on after pressing the power button . Nothing in the product literature describes this problem . Now , I 'll have to try to contact the company , probably ship it somewhere , etc. , etc. , etc. .
 This is the best toothbrush you can buy , however , after one week it began to radomly turn on and off - all by itself . I called the company and asked for a new one , which they refused to do . I sent it for repair and the box was returned - MOVED !
 this is completely usesless toothbrush . I feel it never cleans my teeth . I need to spend 4 minutes to get my teeth `` clean '' . This is something no money worth . Consider varity of toothbrush out there , this is n't a good choice .
 Why would I buy a used toothbrush head ????????
 You say it has a holder , it has no holder for the heads.It gets one star -LRB- it should get NONE -RRB- . If you buy a car it should come with tires , right ?
 I had my sonicare for two years and suddenly it just stopped working . I contacted the sonicare company to find out how I could get it fixed . It just so happend that the warrenty on sonicare is only two years . Their solutions was for me to purchase a new unit . At the cost of sonicare and the replacement brushes , it is not worth it if you have to re-purchase the product every two years . BEWARE ...
 asked them to cancel order but was ignored .
 Do n't buy a Sonicare toothbrush , it 's a waste of money . I have used mine for a few weeks now , and every time I use it , it feels like that there are several areas of my mouth that remain unbrushed , it never does a complete job . I find that a good small headed manual toothbrush with soft bristles does a far better job in cleaning my teeth . Plus , with the Sonicare its almost impossible to clean your tongue , which is important to do , so that means you 'll have to use a manual brush for that anyway . I went against the advice of my dentist to buy one of these things , and I really regret it . Do n't think that this thing doesnt ANY better of a job , because it simply does n't . I have already switched back to my manual brush . I can only imagine the people who `` love '' this brush must just be lazy and ca n't tell that it really does n't work as well as it is promoted . They also might be trying to justify their 80 dollar investment in the thing as well by telling everyone `` its so great '' otherwise more than 4 bucks for a toothbrush does seem kinda crazy does n't it ? There is a reason that thousands of dentists still use a manual brush , it simply is the best way to keep your teeth clean .
 I would like to give you a good review , but I hav n't received all what I orderd , only half the order came , it was going to be shipped in 5 or 7 days that was 3 weeks ago . Can you tell me what happen to it ???????????????????????????????????????????
 I do n't know why the word , Miracl '' ! The only thing I can say about this is that it does n't do a '' thing '' for the '' thing '' ! No good - stay away !
 I try the cream and it did not work . It is a waste of money . I would not recommend this product
 All this is is a lube that dries out quickly.Does nothing for the size or girth.You ` ld be better off using regular skin moisterizer or good old soap and water.Not worth the $ 25.00 I spent on this useless stuff .
 I am not a complainer , but feel that you need to know about the inferior quality of this product . I have cerebal palsy and walk with small aluminum crutches . I recently purchased a dozen 5/8 '' quad cane tips . On October 2nd I put on the first pair of tips to try them out . Shortly thereafter , I noticed one of the tips had split on the side and completely broken off . It is now November 2nd and I have had to replace at least four tips because of breaking or splitting of the rubber tip . The durability of these tips is critical to my safety and I am disappointed that these do not serve my needs in a better fashion . I have also left a voice message on the manufactor 's -LRB- DMI -RRB- customer care help line . I realize the quality of some products in the world today is diminishing , but this quality or lack thereof is ridiculous .
 The Tech3 silver pen has a mechanical pencil , an eraser and both a red and black ballpoint . This makes it a very useful pen for most writing situations . It allows for signatures and check writing one minute to penciling in Soduko answers the next . The ink balls dont glob up with ink - maybe because the tips are `` fine '' . However , the pen is way to slippery to use for continuous writing . In normal use it slips in the fingers . It forces the user to grip the barrel with an ineffective and fatiguing firm grip . A pencil sleeve to help with the grip makes the pen look unacceptably like it belongs to a 12 year old . Cross customer service wouldnt exchange the pen and said to buy a new one with a different barrel.On the single pen purchased , the small red ink tip needed to be replaced in just a couple of weeks of light use . The pencil mechanical tip is difficult to clear when it jams up which it has done way more than even the cheapest , low end , bulk pack mechanical pencils.So , if you like the pen 's features , the suggestin would be to try a Tech3 Cross pen in a different , less slippery finish . The silver Tech3 isnt worth the money because the barrel is so slipery .
 It 's a 3-in-1 and yet smaller than most pen . It uses a twist method that is much easier than having to tilt the pen like most all-in-1 pen . It also looks a lot better , is a lot lighter , and has hidden batter under the twist cap.What would I change about this pen ? 1 . The twist cap hides the eraser , so that means it takes a while to get to the eraser .2 . Add a stylus and make it a 4-in-1UPDATE 6/30/2012It 's not what it used to be . Before , you were able to rotate forward and backward . Now , All that you can do is rotate it forward ! They removed the reverse mechanism . So , it 's like the new crappy tech 4 pen that can only rotate forward and not backward . Disappointed !
 The pen is smaller than it looks . Also the ink is not what i thought it would be ... looks dull and not worth the money spent on it .
 Cross Chrome/Tech 3 is OK but inferior to the Gold -LRB- no longer offered -RRB- Tech 3 I own.Two problems :1 , pocket clip is weak and does not hold well in a dress shirt pocket and pen fallsout when you bend over .2 , Moving through pencil , red pen and black pen sequence , are stiff and worse whenrverse is attempted .
 I 'm always on the hunt for a great deodorant that keeps me dry and smelling good . I realize this is a natural product and will be different than name brands , but I just did n't find it effective for me . For one , the texture was a little slimy and it was even a little on the messy side . Another problem I had was that my sensitive skin had some reaction to it . By the end of the day , I did n't really feel like I had anything on and would end up re-applying . It might be great for some , but I am still on the hunt for the perfect deodorant .
 I ordered this deodorant in Mint Rosemary scent , it did n't smell too good , but I decided to give it a shot , since it 's a natural product , and it 's all that matters.After I used it 2 or 3 times , my skin started getting itchy , I thought the reason in my razor that gives me irritation , and bought a new one . One week later I got such a terrible rash , that I had to stop using this product and I had to enjoy my natural odor for the whole week till my skin went back to normal.That 's my personal experience . This deodorant did n't work for me at all .
 The product works well enough , but the scent is really not that appealing to me . It 's not feminine enough : -LRB-
 I got this oil because it was so highly rated for its antibacterial and antiaging properties . Intended to smooth in on myself . I can not stand the odor.Smells like bad body oder , musty clothes or something so I have not used it as intended . I would n't waste the money to buy it . If you can stand the smell of tea tree oil , purchase that instead.Did not work on athletes foot fungus .
 this oil does n't help ANY condition . You 're better off buying Neosporin . It smells like crap and dead meat and I suspect all the `` positive '' reviews were written by friends and New Zealand `` patriots '' . Do n't waste your money ... You need a gas mask to bear the smell alone .
 After reading all these raving reviews , I 'm beginning to think these people are either the relatives of the manufacturer or some New Zealand `` patriots '' . Apart from the FAUL , awful , carrion , dead-meat , badly cured leather smell , this awful smelling oil DOES NOTHING . I bought it to cure scalp fungus ... it did nothing but made me smell like dead meat . Also used on a cut , and for this price , Neosporin works better and DOES N'T SMELL . What a SCAM . You got be rather desperate to buy this crap . If you have fungus just get the black walnut tincture since this CRAP does NOTHING .
 I didnt like it , it is only 10ML and not so affective . I feel that it is a complete rip off of money . I feel like all those positive reviews are a fake .
 I was disappointed to receive this and find out it is just 25 % Manuka oil , diluted in a carrier oil . I like to use Manuka oil directly on my face to fight break outs , as I find it very gentle to use on my face , but I do n't want to put other oils as well , so this item is not what I was wanting , and it is not labeled on Amazon as such .
 These were a BIG disappointment-trying to find a diaper/brief that would prevent our 8 yr . old w/disabilities from leaking ... these leaked constantly , definitely of no use for overnight !!! And the school staff -LRB- and we at first -RRB- kept ripping the dk . blue tabs that stuck down as a base tab for the top tab to be removed from if checking diaper for soiling . They pulled up the dk blue tab instead of the white dotted tab & tore the -LRB- noisy -RRB- plastic outer layer of brief . In fairness , the ` instructions ' were not very straightforward . -LRB- Even if the indicator line usually worked to indicate wetting , not always so with just a bm occurring . -RRB- Overall , these were n't even as good as Huggies or Pampers , and we will never purchase again ... Had better luck with Attends , but still searching ... maybe looking at Prevail brand , etc. .
 I purchased this product based on other reviews . I have redness and dry flakes around my nostrils and the center of my chin under right under my lip . I may have just purchased this from the wrong seller , but I was not impressed at all . The lotion was so runny I could barely keep it on my hand before it would run through my fingers and apply it . What I was able to apply never had an impact either way on my problem areas . Even if I shook it vigorously it would still just pour out of the bottle . I did try requesting a return from herbspro , but that never amounted to anything . I missed their one and only call to me . I tried , in vain , to reach someone at the number they left on my voicemail , but no one ever answered and there was no option to leave a voicemail . I tried several different times throughout the day for about a week and was unsuccessful . Maybe others have had success with this product , but I would n't buy it or any other product from herbspro .
 Runny product . I should have listened to the other people who wrote the same reviews . The customer service can only tell me to shake the product ? It is almost like water as if they have diluted the sample . The product does not come with a seal which makes me even weary to use it . I have used other over the counter skin care so even if it is not sealed , it looks like no one has touch it because it is compacted and not runny . I suggest do n't buy .
 I have been searching for a new product for my very dry skin . I have eczema and I need a lot of moisture for my skin . This product just did n't cut it . I prefer Cetaphil Moisturizing Cream .
 The worst company I ever bought product from , I ordered merchandise on nov. 19 and it is dec. 21 and I have not received item . If something takes over 1 month to be sent I would have never bought from these guys .
 I purchased these gloves for our classroom and the description stated 1000 count Large glove but when the gloves got to me there was only one box of gloves 100 count .
 These are by far the worst . I have not been able to get one glove on without tearing . Some tear pulling them out of the box .
 I never received this product what I got was large black gloves which are to big for my hands . I wish I got what what I ordered
 I had purchased these gloves a number of times and they had always worked great . But recently they seem to have switched factories and packaging -LRB- they used to be manufactured in Thailand and used to come in blue boxes ; now they are manufactured in Malaysia and come in pink boxes -RRB- , and the new gloves have flight but quite unpleasant odor -- something other than what one would normally expect from rubber -- which the old ones never had . The smell lingers on your hands after you have taken them off . I am returning these boxes .
 This is the first time I wish I could give negative stars to a product bought through Amazon.The worst part is n't that these gloves are ridiculously fragile ; nor that they 're so short they do n't come close to covering my wrists . It 's the smell I ca n't get over.The smell does n't hit all at once , but after a few minutes it 's nauseating . That 's bad enough , but then a chemical stench lingers despite thorough , repeated scrubbings with hot soapy water . It is n't the smell of an OR or a hospital , if anybody 's wondering . Think factory run-off . It actually makes me wonder if there 's a health hazard involved here -LRB- and I do n't scare easily about that kind of thing -RRB- .
 First of all , it says in the directions for this product that it is different from other magnetic supports because of it 's round magnets . They are square just like the other ones . The pressure and support was good for a month or so , than I do n't know if it stretches or what , but no matter how tight I put it , it falls down right away . This is very frustrating.My opinion is to save your money and just get a regular support . I do n't know that the magnets actually did anything . It was the support which only lasted a short while .
 I absolutely hated this shaver . Contrary to the propoganda , it did not trim well at all and after being pinched multiple times , I returned it the next day . Specifically :1 . I could not get it to trim the small hairs around the outside ... poor outlining ,2 . The combs are hard to attach and detach ,3 . the shaver did not cut cleanly while using the combs ,4 . There is no recharging light on the shaver , so there 's no way to know when/if you have a full charge or not and finally5 . The packaging was a nightmare to get through . You 'll need a sharp knife -LRB- careful -RRB- or some kitchen shears to get the shaver out.I returned this shaver the next day . Do not waste your time or money on this shaver .
 It 's a shame that Wahl took a trimmer that seems to be solid and well made and bundled it with cheap plastic beard guides . They snag so badly they actually pull hair out . Unless you enjoy pain , keep shopping .
 Do not buy this . It yanks you hair out rather than cut them . Its flimsy and cheap as hell , made in china for probably less than $ 3 or $ 4 . It also stopped working for no reason whatsoever after about 10 days without ever being dropped or anything.DO NOT BUY THIS .
 Just got done using this piece of junk trimmer the trimmer actually felt like it was ripping out my whiskers instead of trimming them it was so painful I had to dust of my 7 year old conair trimmer and finish the job . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ON THIS TRIMMER YOU WILL REGRET IT . The only reason I bought a new trimmer was the battery was starting to fade on the conair.My face hurts I have to go shop for a replacement battery .
 I have had either a beard or goatee for the last 28 years , and for most of this time I owned a Wahl trimmer . My first Wahl lasted 10 years , my second Wahl lasted for 8 years . I took a 3 year break using a Norelco -LRB- which was a Christmas gift -RRB- , however , I was never satisfied with the cut at longer settings . I ultimately went back to various Wahl trimmers , yet they all gave out -LRB- battery , motor , etc -RRB- in less than 2 years.Deciding to give Wahl one last chance . I purchased the `` All-in-One Trimmer Kit , '' given that it had a 5-year warranty . The battery quit recharging after the 3rd month , and Wahl 's position was since I failed to keep my receipt , there was no warranty coverage . Please note that my failure to keep the receipt was definitely my fault . However , I can say , through personal experience , that Wahl 's quality and performance has SIGNIFICANTLY declined over the years -LRB- based on my last four purchases -RRB- , and this was the last Wahl trimmer that I will ever own . If you can not purchase any other trimmer but a Wahl , my advice is that you hold fast to your receipt ... because I fear you will need it sooner rather than later . If any other option is available to you , I would strongly urge you to consider it , rather than purchasing a Wahl .
 The cheap , plastic guide does not stay attached to the trimmer and falls off while trimming . I 'm buying a different brand .
 I just tossed my Wahl 9876-536 rechargable/cordless beard trimmer in the trash . It just stopped working and would not charge after less than 18 months of use . It was most disappointing since the I have an older model that still works but is now used for moderate trimming on our yorky . Besides longevity and superior charge holding the older model cut better , started quicker , did not have the cutting head pop out -LRB- a pain to pop back in -RRB- . So much for progress . Both models lacked a setting between no attachment and the shortest one . Wahl is on my & % ! $ # $ list even though they came out with a lithium ion charged model . I will try a Panasonic next .
 It worked once or twice and does not work any longer . does not chargeI would like a refund
 Maybe it 's just me but I do n't get very good trimming with this . Without the attachment it 'll shave off hair any where , but with the adjustable attachment I find I have to go over and over the same spot many times for it to cut all the whiskers to an even level , and even then it 's still uneven . I have Wahl hair clippers that do a much better job , just one pass with an attachment . I use the hair clippers for most of my beard now and just use this trimmer to clean up the edges and a few hard to reach spots -LRB- like right under my nose -RRB- Also they are very loud . I 'm wondering if I might find them more useful if used with a comb without the adjustable attachment . It 's also worth noting that my beard grows very thick and dense from my cheeks all the way down my neck so I 'm probably an extreme case .
 This is a cheap lightweight plastic piece of crap . It takes forever to trim my goatee and hundreds of passes . Forget it for body hair as you 'll be bleeding from all the passes you have to make . It does come with a pretty good selection of adjustable heads though . Spend the extra money and get yourself something nice and pass on this dollar store level crap .
 The trimmer itself works fine . The rechargeable battery lost it 's ability to hold any charge at all after a couple of months . Now I have to leave it plugged in all the time to be able to use it at all . It 's definitely not a standard battery , and the only place you can get a replacement is from Wahl or one of their online resellers . Considering that , I 'd recommend getting the non-cordless model Wahl Revolution Beard Trimmer . Might as well since you might have to keep it plugged in anyway .
 It seems Wahl uses this product to sell outrageously overpriced batteries . The battery in my trimmer requires being constantly plugged in to maintain enough of a charge to operate . The original battery would not carry the shaver after seven months . Replacement batteries with shipping are almost as expensive as the shaver and have no substitutes that I was able to find online . The shaver is not bad , but the battery issue would prevent me from buyer another Wahl product .
 I ordered this because I wanted the convenience of the individual packages , but I have yet to find a way to actually down the stuff without it tasting absolutely horrible . I 've tried water , milk , orange juice , coffee , chocolate Slim Fast , and Gatorade , and the `` natural '' flavor just ca n't be covered up . I gave it two stars because I 'm sure it 's a decent protein product and I 'd imagine the `` Actually Flavored '' versions would taste much better , but I would steer clear of the `` Natural Flavor '' version .
 Be aware . The actually box I received is very different from the picture from Amazon . The actual box is cheaply made and shows explicitly `` Non Sterile '' while the website shows `` Sterile '' prep pads . Non sterile pads may be contaminated with bacteria and may be harmful depending on your use.Also the brand is `` Caring '' instead of `` Dukal '' as show in the pictures .
 Just a heads up-I was unpleasantly surprised at how small these are ! They are the size of 2 postage stamps , or if you fold them for 2 ply they are just the size of 1 postage stamp . I have never seen them this small .
 well they were prep pads and they did seem to have alcohol on them , but they were very small and after wiping the top of the vial there did not seem to be enough pad or alcohol left to clean the injection area . . were cheap to buy and expensive to use , since I usually end up using two pads / injection . . will buy better pads next time i order ...
 The alcohol swabs were totally dry no alcohol on them at all . Tryed 10 or more and same results.Took long time to get them also.Faulty product . Do not order !!!!! Company is hard to reach for complaints and issue unresolved.Not a good experience .
 As others have noted these pads are both small and thin . Probably only good for injections and cleaning small cuts .
 I just am not a fan of China 's quality control standards . The American product is still not available in the stores that I shop at .
 tear easy cheap bought other dynarex made in malaysia were pretty good , these are made in china just the facts
 Last year I ordered a 1000 Dynarex Gloves `` medium '' size and they fit just fine . I just received a new case of `` medium '' gloves in identical packaging that are much smaller and do not fit ! I believe they sent me a case of `` small '' gloves labelled as `` medium . '' This speaks of very poor quality control .
 This product needs to be taken off the market . My 8 year old daughter wore it all day and woke up in pain that night due to a chemical burn on her arm because of the bug band she was wearing . I wish I could post a picture because it was horrible . Putting scar ointment on her now .
 My wife is one of those people who we like to bring with us because she attracts all of the mosquitos away . She used this , and it had a bit of a smell to it and did n't really do much for thick mosquitos . Have n't had a chance to use it yet in another setting , but thick mosquitos is where it counts .
 Does n't seem to work for me . I got bites within minutes whether it was windy or not . I am sticking with my OFF Familycare Smooth & Dry spray with 15 % deet . It works very well for me , and it was well reviewed by Consumer Reports magazine .
 Product arrived on time . But , I was disappointed when I put it on my ankle one evening to work on my lawn . It did not repel any mosquito . I saw a few mosquito landed on my foot trying to bite me . Better use `` off '' as it works .
 I am very sad to say this does not work . I was in desperate hopes of finding something natural for my toddler without having to spray her down . I put one on her right wrist and one on her left ankle . You could do dot-to-dot patterns on her there were so many mosquito bites she received with the bands on .
 Does not work on aphids . Or the lower coacatostial stratum of blood sucking insects . Ineffective against Insect egg larvae as well -LRB- in hair -RRB- .
 Was overall pretty disappointed with this product . It does n't fit well ... or stay on well for that matter . As for it repelling bugs I saw no difference when wearing this band than when I wear no bug repellant .
 I have tried my bugband yesterday . I have put it around my ankle before going to my back yard . I want to report that although mosquitoes did not get my legs , I was bitten in my back and my arm . I suppose if one were to put a band on each limb and a waist it might work but it certainly does not do what the manufacturer promised . It even says on the packaging that it repels all kind of insects if it 's attached to a backpack . I am afraid it 's back to the spray for me .
 I was very disappointed with the bug bands . They did not work at all . In fact I got a mosquito bite right where the band was !! I would not recommend these at all !!!
 We used this product camping , and my girlfriend got a dark red `` burn '' on her wrist from the band . It looks like she slept on it -LRB- she did n't wear it to bed -RRB- , as it appears deep red and has a clear outline of the band on her wrist . Stay away from this product . A review above mentioned the same thing and that it has n't gone away for five months . -LRB- My girlfriend 's mark has been there for over a week . -RRB-
 We wore these on a camping trip and they were totally useless as far as we could see . The mosquitoes were pretty intense -- maybe with fewer mosquitoes , they might be more effective , but they did not work for us .
 It was good for the area around the arm only , where I had it wrapped . For someone who suffers from average mosquito bites , I need something more protective .
 Like the Bite Shield , one needs to have multiple more of these on each arm , leg , feet , in order to avoid biting insects . I have strong allergies against any type of insect bites , and this bracelet was far from being sufficient help . Maybe a small nuisance to those probably very tired flying or crawling insects but not for the ones with their usual intent to bite a human being anywhere they find an opening from a fabric .
 I allowed panic to set in when I could n't find then in my drug stores , and bought 25 tablets for $ 46 and then , the next day , found them at Costco 100 tablets for $ 24.00 . My Bad !
 Do n't buy this product . Why ? They do n't fit your glasses . No where did they say the size or the measurements so that you can see if they will fit your glasses.Then they want to charge you $ 3.00 to return them
 Do n't waste your money on it . It is not different from any average moisturizer you can get from the drug store . It does n't work miracles .
 I bought after reading all the good reviews and I followed instructions accurately , but this product works only as well as the pumice stone you have to use following . Certainly nothing magical about it .
 No bett than any other regular lotion I 've used on my feet . I did n't see anything miraculous happen . Jus basic moisturizing .
 It 's not what i expected ... thought it would help to soften my rough heals , but it did n't do what i expected . would try another product .
 I purchased these in April of 2011 and regardless of what the text here says , all 100 condoms I received have an expiration date of August 2011 . Four months is a FAR cry from the 2-3 years advertised ! Maybe it 's not an issue for some people who might view 100 as a month 's supply -LRB- or less ! -RRB- ; -RRB- I ca n't speak for the condom quality or fit , however , so please check other reviews for that information .
 The expiration date was the same month as my shipment . Beano 's expiration date should be a year or two out .
 Pop tarts disgust me . They 're much too dry and are flavorless , unless you count rotting cardboard as a flavor . Have you looked at the calorie content ? 200 calories for just one ? And who eats only one pop tart ? I 'm not one who is usually concerned with calories and the like , but 400 calories ? And they do n't even taste good .1 star for their visual appeal and the fancy silver wrapper they come in .
 As a kid I loved Pop Tarts but I tasted this flavor again recently and had to ask myself `` What was I thinking ? '' The Smores ' flavor is not too bad but all the rest pretty much taste like cardboard . This particular flavor resembles frosted and chalky , crumbly drywall with a layer of pink paste in the center . Heated it 's a little softer but not much better . As one reviewer pointed out , it 's a lot of calories and sugar for something that does n't really taste that great . If I am going to have junk food I will at least pig out in style and get something tastier ! There are many reasons why I am happy to be an adult and would never wish to be a kid again , this product -LRB- Along with Fruit Loops and grape soda , eeeuuuw ! -RRB- IS one of those reasons ! No offense to anyone who likes these , I think I just outgrew them .
 Unless I am terribly mistaken , Kellog 's Pop Tarts are not kosher . I wish they were , I always loved them . I once wrote to Kellog 's requesting that they make Kosher Pop Tarts . Sadly , I was informed that there were no immediate plans to make Pop Tarts kosher , however I should try their Nutrigrain products which were Kosher . The new Go Tart product has a KD , however , I have not researched the product as to whether or not it is recommended .
 this product is not a lotion at all . it is an aftershave splash - very watery . halston used to make a true lotion which is what I was looking for . as I recall now it was called a soother . this is not that product and the name is misleading . a lotion to me is smooth and conditioning .
 I was really disappointed with this lubricant . It becomes sticky very quickly . I love Dr. Sadie 's books , but this is not up to par .
 These things are basically a greatly overpriced Dr. Scholl 's pad . At nearly $ 30 they are just a foam , latex pad with a sort of Birkenstock arch support . If you want a Birkenstock insole you 'll have to cough up the bucks to get one of their hard insoles because this will not do squat !
 I read all the reviews before purchasing this product . I was quite surprised about the outcome and felt obligate to write this review to give fellow shoppers a balanced point of view . Maybe the fellows giving the rave reviews have different needs for the device . I bought mine for the relief of long trips -LRB- typically 6-hour drive or more -RRB- . Therefore , the `` cigarette lighter '' adapter was a strong plus . You may have similar needs if this is intended for a `` long sitting down '' in the house or a dorm . However , in this case , you have choices of better products -LRB- without the car adapter and a little more expensive -RRB- . Regardless of how cheap this thing is , it will be you thrown-away money , anyway!Here are reasons why this is not a good product :1 . The `` massaging '' components likely will not fit most people , especially if you have a large frame . Those components do n't look like they can be easily rearranged . I have a small frame -LRB- cloth size S -RRB- , and they are already out of places . For a larger and taller person , the arrangement will be even worse .2 . The massaging elements are just vibrating -LRB- NOT knitting -RRB- . While this may be `` just a minus '' to many of us , they can be `` deal breakers '' in this case . They are so noisy -LRB- especially when they are on MAX -RRB- that I find it is hard to sit around with this kind of distraction , even though I am very easy to be pleased ! If you 've ever tried to work , study , read , ... while someone is vacuuming around you , this is a similar experience .3 . The padding of this device is poor . This causes problem with the `` thigh '' massaging components . I can uncomfortably feel the two lumps under my thighs . It likes someone putting something on my car seat ! If you turn those vibrating components on , there is some relief -LRB- but not much -RRB- , and this leads to the next major problem .4 . The manufacturer instruction warns that the unit should not be used for more than 20 minutes . Since it does n't explain why , it 's important to stick with this recommendation . Therefore , for a long drive -LRB- or a long sitting down session -RRB- , you have to constantly remember turning them on and off . And while they are off , you are sitting on something quite uncomfortable ! It is also strongly recommended that one should pull to the side of the road each time to adjust or operate the device . There are 5 controls total so I feel that it is equally important to follow this recommendation.I did n't have a good feeling when I tried this out at home , but I decided to try it on a trip anyway . That was a mistake ! I could not wait to pull into a rest-stop to remove the device.If you are thinking about trying this out since you can always return it , then you should consider the shipping charge . This product is sold by `` target.com '' . The regular Targets in my area do not have it . The charge is $ 7.5 for shipping handling . That is 1/3 of the product price . I 've never returned anything bought from Amazon but I will on this one . There is another $ 7.5 charge on the shipping for the return . I am not sure how they calculate the refund but I will be out between $ 7.5 or $ 15 because I was mislead to buy a poor quality product .
 Its not good product.Poorly designed.I waned my money back , but what the hack - let them have it for $ 20
 You can go to a local sporting goods store and get Gu for 1 dollar a pack without paying shipping . To me it seems absurd that this company would charge nearly as much for the shipping as for the product ... why ca n't amazon offer this with free shipping ???
 Scientifically speaking , Gu is perfect for giving you a boost an hour or so into long runs . They advertise this well ... a carefully balanced blend of simple and complex carbs , sodium and potassium to compensate for electrolyte loss , etc. . Nutritionally spot-on . However , all these awesome qualities can only be enjoyed if you can get it into your stomach to digest it ... a feat I was not capable of . The stuff is nauseating . The combination of ultra-sweetness with the consistency of cold syrup is just too much , particularly if you are breathing heavily and need it to go down quick . I gave it three shots on three separate runs ... the first time , I got it down with entirely too much water , and was burping it up for the next 8 miles . The second time , I could only get one swallow down before I started to gag , and that swallow ended up on the pavement about 1/4 mile down the road . The final straw was this weekend , when I did all I could to brace myself , pinching my nose and trying to get it down in a single swallow , only to vomit up what little water I had on my stomach as soon as the Gu hit my tongue.From now on , I 'll be taking some jelly , candy or a 1/2 of a banana with me instead . For all its merits , Gu failed me inasmuch as it is un-palatable . By all means , you runners out there looking for a portable , quick energy fix for those long distances , give it a try . But take my advice ! Buy a few different flavors , and do n't buy many ! -LRB- At least to begin with -RRB- If you are anything like me and the two friends I run with , Gu is not going to work out for you .
 This gel in nothing but a tube of sugar ! Bottom line ... It DOES NOT increase my energy level .
 I would rate this product with zero stars if I could . It tastes like a tube of absolute sugar .
 This product did not help me quit smoking like it is supposed to :-LRB- it got here in a timely matter but did not work ... will not be buying this again !
 They call it several different names like Indian Tobacco ... Update - Now removed , so it might be better?I went from Lights , to .1 mg ULTRA ULTRA Carlton Lights , and quit.These pills gave me a `` BAD '' withdrawal craving !!! I feel that these were similar to the patch ... , and are for someone trying to kick a full blown habit cold-turkey ! You might try starting out with 1/2 pill ... , and taper down?Washington Homeopathic 's - `` Stop Smoking '' product made it EASY , and NO side effects/craving !
 If you have sensitive skin or are the allergic type you may get a rash . At first everything will be well then usually after using for a month a rash will develop . I tried this twice both times i got a rash from it . After the first time i waited several months to make sure it wasnt a coincidence an it was something else that caused it.Unfortunately same result an ugly rash with small welts . Last time i treated as a fungal infection an after a week it was better . This is a shame because this stops all order in its tracks . The product still allows you to sweat an doesnt clog pores allowing your body to normally detoxify itself . This rash problem doesnt happen to majority of people but enough people have experienced it . There are a few forums discussing this in case . If you use this product it will take about 5 days or so to work correctly . As the salt inhibits bacteria growth so for the first few days maybe 2 your pits might still smell . After the 3-4 days you will notice no smell at all .
 This deodorant was as useful to me as not using any at all . I have no idea how it manages to get so many good reviews ! Its expensive and ineffective , in my case anyway . I have only used it for two days after showering but it does not work on me . Maybe I 'm really stinky !
 Sensitive Skin Beware ; Worked Well But Rash Developed After 6 Months Use.I wanted a deodorant without the aluminum and decided on this product . I also used the roll on version . It worked well for about 6 months but then I developed an underarm rash . I think it may have been because I shave daily and the skin is broken and this product contains salt . My husband also developed a rash but not as bad as mine . We had to switch products . Once we stopped using it the rash went away but when I tried it again it came back . Needless to say I am never using this again . Be careful if you have sensitive skin or if you shave ; it is like pouring salt on a wound .
 Like many here I loved it for 6 months then developed a horrible rash . Unlike others here , the rash is n't going away , and I 'm going to have to go to the doctor to get it checked out .
 Discontinued in 2009 , see MetaEfficient.c `` The Best Rechargeable Batteries and Chargers Of 2010 `` Since they discharge in 2 weeks , for most apps , better to get the successors , the `` Hybrid '' or `` low self discharge '' , which take 8 hours to charge.Have to worry about availability of chargers since they have been discontinued for a year .
 Sure this product has great nutritional benefits , but do choose on taste too . I 'm sure the chocolate flavor is delicious as almost all chocolate flavors are . However , I purchased the strawberry in hopes of making great tasting strawberry lemonade smoothies . Let me tell you that NOTHING , and i mean NOTHING can kill the HORRIBLE taste of the strawberry flavor ... I do recommend buying this but do not even try the strawberry flavor on a full stomach because it will not be full for long ...
 I ordered the strawberry to have a second flavor because the chocolate was so good ... what a misstake !!! Now I am going to end up throwing out half a tub of strawberry and reordering the chocolate !!! I have tried mixing it with a banana and even mixing the chocolate with it ... there is no helping the strawberry out !!! STICK WITH CHOCOLATE for Pro Complex , Casein , and Whey ...
 Good but taste gets old , id say always stick with chocolate . . Orabey if u mix the vanilla with penut butter
 STAY AWAY !! Stick with Enegerizer or Duracell . They will back-up their product with a warranty that will replace any item that is ruined by a leaking battery . Panasonic will not . I 've had a MagLite ruined by these Panazonic Indusrial Alkaline batteries and all I got is run around . Other products I 've put these in did the same thing .
 I used a similar , more expensive product , which led me to this one , but with the previous colostrum product , I felt an almost immediate effect , whereas with this one , not only did I not feel any effect at all , I had some unpleasant somatic complaints , but I am unsure if they are related . I stopped using this particular product but may resume use in the future .
 It seems that all major vitamin manufacturers add stearates -LRB- magnesium stearate , calcium stearate , stearic acid , &#34; vegetable lubricant &#34; , etc. -RRB- as a type of lubricant for manufacturing . This would be fine , except that if you are suffering from a weakened immune system , this substance KILLS YOUR T-CELLS !!!!! You would think that buying something for the purpose of boosting your immune system would not contain immune suppressants , but this does n't seem to be the case . Beware of the ingredients that are going into your body !
 I 've got the feeling this is 120 % hype . I 'm not doing it again . I think this is someone 's ship come it , but not mine .
 I could n't really tell it it works or not for weight loss , but then I did not keep accurate track of my weight , LOL . I bought it because I read another review reporting loss of weight , so I was so curious that I tried it myself .
 There is nothing I like about this product.I would not recommend it to anyone - friend or foe.Sorry
 could n't wait to get this as i have been looking for lacoste scents but it was disappointing . too strong , but it moisturizes decently .
 It is misleading when your looking for that perfume and get lotion , I guess you need to read what your getting and not go on the picture .
 I purchased this item because it is advertised as working in a seated position . It does not . It slipped off my head when the weight of the water bag was applied no matter how tight I had it . There were no instructions with the halter .
 My monitor was consistently inconsistent , and wildly inaccurate . The readings varied widely , and only one out of 10 was even close . Since other reviewers had a very different experience , I would conclude that there is wide quality variability between different units .
 Took the tester to my doctor to compare reading and found the Panasonic wrist tester to be as much as 70 % high in reading . Did 5 tests with 2 different nurses using standard cup . Returned the wrist tester .
 The one I received gives absolutely inaccurate blood pressure reading . I tested several times at home and they all gave me much higher blood pressure as before . I did a test again in the doctor 's office . I had my blood pressure taken in a doctor 's office as 130/85 . And I brought this machine with me and took a ready right in the doctor 's office for 180/110 . How can Panasonic let this kind of defected product coming to the market ?? If you have not bought this model yet . DO NOT buy it if you do n't want to waste your money .
 Even though I had this monitor checked and calibrated at the hospital I worked at -LRB- and they found it satisfactory -RRB- , I 've not been all that pleased with it because of the number of failed readings . It could be because I am overweight and this may be suited to a more slender wrist .
 this is worse than not having one . I bought this for my mom , and so far the blood pressure results have been widely different between days while my mom has been pretty constant in the pose and timing to measure her blood pressure . Will return it when i figure out how .
 The CS review presented a problem but no solution
 The velcro closures and neoprene does not prevent the support from sliding down the leg when exercising , this happens even after tightening the closures .
 This product feels good as long as I sit still.When I stand up it slips down my leg no matter how tight I make it.Look for one that will stay up .
 Very disappointed in the quality . After a few wearings started showing significant wear . Velcro straps do not secure the support when you want it tight and pulled up high on the thigh . I have been disappointed in the value received and have already made a replacement purchase .
 This product claimed to be useful and powerful by the manufacture and the reviews I read . I found the unit to be bulky , -LRB- not good for vehicle use -RRB- , had weak suction , small capacity , and worse of all the liquid must be sprayed manually -LRB- like a cheap squirt gun -RRB- . This is an extremely tedious and slow process -LRB- which hurts your fingers after awhile -RRB- . I would not recommend this to people who would like an easy and fast time at cleaning up puppy accidents , or spills from a 2 year old . Trading mine in on a Hoover upright .
 I tried the item the moment it arrived . The machines not only looked dirty , but the water tank was linking !! Hello ?! Obviously , there is no RE-CONDITION done for the machine I received ! I wondered if other machines have been RE-CONDITIONED ??!! Buy at your own risk and luck !!
 I bought the battery for my car key . But the remote still does not work with the new battery . Do n't know what to do with it .
 I have shipped my scissor tweezers back to Tweezerman . The 2 arms began to wiggle immediately after I purchased them , making it impossible to bring the 2 ends together and grab on to a hair.Tweezerman Scissors were like gold around my house when I was growing up . If my moms tweezers came up missing you would have thought it was nearly the end of the world . As an adult myself now I can sort of understand why one would freak out , I do it all the time now . Only problem is I live alone so there is no one to blame.I contacted Tweezerman about my problem with scissor tweezers and they are going to have a look at them so I will update this review as soon as possible .
 Dont rely on the picture . This stuff is not creapure . It gave me horrible gas . Like non stop farting with the worst smell ever .
 This stuff is complete and total garbage . They no longer use Creapure , yet most websites selling this still state that it uses German Creapure.I 've tried many Creatines , and this is the worst . It 'll give you sharp pains in your stomach , and you can actually feel your kidneys ache . Before any fanboys attempt to make light of my comments . The granulation of the Creatine per the description say it 's micronized , but it has the weight and mass of sugar , it does not dissolve in a matter of seconds ... it 'll half dissolve in about 10 minutes . You 'll have to constantly stir to distribute , and then it 'll settle again . Most micronized Creatines dissolve in minutes into clear water . Not this garbage . Stay away!After receiving this and learning of the non-German Creatine , I took it once to try , got pains for about 8 hours ... and then bought Optimum Nutrition 's Creatine which IS made with Creapure .
 I bought this product and the only thing I really gained from it was acne , plus my body actually seemed to get flabby . Once i got off it the acne was gone and my torso looked nicer and more cut.would NOT recommend this to anyone
 I know that some of you wo n't like this review . I ask those people to please ignore this warning and skip to the next review . But to anyone who cares about their health and what they put into their bodies , know that there is mixed scientific evidence supporting any benefits associated with creatine supplements . The Mayo Clinic gives it a grade of `` A '' -LRB- in terms of efficacy , NOT safety -RRB- , but reputable MDs like Dr. Andrew Weil say that while some studies show some muscle mass gain - which is lost shortly after quitting the supplement - most studies show no benefit . Be aware that mixing creatine with fruit juice forms creatinine , a metabolic waste product that stresses the kidneys -LRB- this can also result in a false elevation of creatinine in lab tests that measure kidney function -RRB- . Over-the-counter drugs like ibuprofen , when taken with creatine , can add even more stress to your kidneys and could potentially lead to kidney damage . In addition , creatine can interfere with your body 's sweating mechanism , which can lead to dehydration and heat stroke . Please know that I am NOT trying to create any controversy or start long discussions with people regarding this supplement but I have written a similar review for another creatine product and multiple people have thanked me because they had no idea of the possible dangers associated with this product -LRB- unfortunately , the FDA does n't require any warning labels to be posted on these products until enough get hurt - look at what happened with ephedra for another example . It got pulled off the shelves after numerous side effects and was then brought back even though we know the product is dangerous ! -RRB- . I have nothing against body-building products -LRB- in fact I take protein powder to this day , in limited amounts to avoid stressing my kidneys as I have a family history of lupus -RRB- as long as they are safe . There are plenty of people and websites that insist that creatine is perfectly safe and that the dangers are exaggerated but you have to research the people/companies behind this information . What 's in it for them ? I 'm just trying to give people a second opinion . I do n't gain anything from this .
 I had tried a number of different protein powders before settling on the ON 100 % Whey and love it . I had tried a few other MRPs and thought they were all OK - but none blew me away . I figured the ON MRP would be similar to the protein and I would love it - I was wrong ! The taste of the Chocolate is not at all the same , by adding carbs/fat it changed it completely so rather than being easy to blend and tasting pretty good you definitely have to force this down and it took a lot of shaking in a water bottle to get it to blend . I would recommend EAS Myoplex or Universial Real Gains over this .
 Tastes great , but it has ten times more cholesterol than other meal replacements . I contacted the manufacturer to find out why it has 150mg of cholesterol , but they never responded . Compare labels and buy a brand that wo n't clog your arteries .
 My husband tried the kit and it just did n't live up to the claims on the package . Rather , I would suggest going to your physician who can order a lab test to measure the sperm counts and morphology in a much more accurate manner .
 My wife and I both really really struggled with interpreting the results of this test . A positive test is supposed to give a `` darker '' blue compared to a test sample . My wife said `` the one looks blue , the one looks green , how to you compare darkness ?? `` Basically , this test was a waste of $ 30 .
 A pathetic product masquerading and a heavy duty one . The male threaded end of the handle is plastic and ca n't be tightened . If one tries , it just escapes the female threads in the brush and is , presto ! , loose again.The junction between the brush and the handle appears reenforced and sturdy in the pics , but it is neither . I now have yet another push broom that I must baby to insure it 's survival . Wobbly piece of junk . Look else where.I once owned a commercial push broom made for roofing . I still think back fondly on it .
 I just use it to sweep out the garage and I do n't sweep much . The broom itself snapped in half -- the black part seems to be recycled milk bottles . I 'm going to spend more for a proper broom with a wooden back .
 International jellyfish marine scientists do not rate this product . They claim that it is pretty much snakeoil and that the claims by the manufacturer can not be relied on . While there have tests conducted and results have appeared here and there , the efficacy of these tests are dubious and unconvincing . While this product may work some of the time as claimed , what happens when it does not work ? Perhaps it will not work when it is your child being stung by the planet 's most deadliest creature , the Chironex box jellyfish . In fact , NO testing has been done on the most lethal species of box jellyfish , NONE ! Who is to say it works ? All tentacles and stinging cells -LRB- nematocysts -RRB- are different . It also has not been tested on Irukandji jellyfish . They have killed people also and there are hundreds of instances of serious hospitalization from this animal around the world every year.Perhaps it gets 1 star for UV protection.Do not think that this product will protect you or a loved one from a serious jellyfish sting - buyer beware !
 We used this product on our kids in July and August 2009 at Gulf Shores , AL. . I swam in the ocean as well , almost as much as my kids but without this product . I had no jelly fish stings , and my son 's had seven stings between them.So , I can not say this product works at all.Keith Walker
 Save your money spend it on After-Sting . After-Sting works just as is sates . Jellyfish protective lotion does not work . After returning from my underwater trip I was stricken with a terrible rash . I had heavily applied Jellyfish protective lotion to '' prevent '' from being stung . Well I got stung , then I applied After-Sting and been recovering .
 This product did not work for me . I used it for a while and was not happy . NO results at all .
 Do n't waste your money on this - just no effect from this at all . Probably more of a placebo than an actually ` working ' product .
 Honestly I ca n't tell any difference or any results to my body since taking them . While I am sure they are not harmful , they really do n't seem very helpful either !
 It takes 3 months for something like this to work . it has not been 3 months !
 I purchased the shaver for some of those big 'n' bobbly sweaters/cardigans and this shaver could not even trim them . The motor on the razor slows down everytime it had to cut something , causing it to barely work . The casing for the shaver is badly put together and feels like it is going to fall apart any second . The end of the handle where you insert the batteries is weak and could easily break , causing your batteries to be stylishly taped in . I would never purchase this product again . A plug-in shaver may be a better purchase .
 I was furious upon receiving this item to see how feeble , cheap looking and feeling it was . For ten more bucks I should have purchased a shaver from Sharper Image instead of this pretend brand . The plastic container feels like it can be cracked in my palm , the battery topper gets jammed , the blades work when they feel like rotating , not when you want them to , and you are never sure that hitting `` on '' switch will provide any results ; in another words a nightmare.I thought I was saving money , and they do n't refund shipping charges , so even upon return of this horrible product you end up losing a few bucks . Never again am I buying anything form this brand.It seriously cut one ball of my sweater , and my clothes are n't even that worn , I was simply looking for something that would defuzz it gently but this did not work.Do not waste time and money on this , as you can read the reviewer below me had the same issue so it is clearly a bad product .
 I have purchased this and to my grave dissapointemnt this product does not work . The customer service is rude , sarcastic and not helpful . The most awful experience I have had while buying from these people.Beware and do not give them your money ! Products doesnt work and returns are a hassle !!! The shaver works so slowly and badly that I wouldnt even try to return it anymore , it belongs in the trash , not here for sale
 The charge on this unit did n't last long enough to shave one 3/4 length sweater coat - and that 's with the unit plugged in the whole time . Razortek and Smartek -LRB- I think they are the same company - I bought one from each company -RRB- sell junk . The first one from Smartek arrived used and broken . Now I 'm returning the second one from Razortek . The costs alone have added up to more than I paid for the unit . JUNK , JUNK JUNK & LOUSY SERVICE !
 I have been in EMS for almost 30 years . I was in need of a new holster and bought this one from Amazon . First problem the snaps for the belt loop wouldnt stay fastened . Then the stitching came a loose . Each time I took it to a local shoe repair shop in town and had it repaired . While transporting a patient the holster ripped completely in two at the belt loop . The leatherman at the Shoe repair says its made out of material that is not leather just a leather composite . I would n't buy it if I had known that . Good luck in your search .
 Poor quality leather , I used it only a half day doing clinical 's and one of the buttons torn completely off , taking a big chunk of the corner and leather with it . The leather tears so easy and is real brittle , it was crumbling in my hand . I was very disappointed as I thought it would work great if not made of so cheap materials . Will never buy from this company again .
 I have to give this product a big thumbs down . I do not have this problem with any other deodorant , so it has to be the product and not me -LRB- I am not brand loyal , so I jump around to whatever is on sale -RRB- . Dove usually stops working less than 5 hours after I put it on . -LRB- this is on a normal day with no extra activity -RRB-
 I have blackheads and I was really hoping that this would be the answer ! I even steamed my face and did all of that before going in and using it . I felt like when I used it it made it worse by making a huge indent and not getting any blackheads out !
 I bought this product because Substance RPI Watermelon got great reviews for it 's taste and quality . I wanted a flavor that would work well with water , and WPI 's grape was on sale though , so I thought it had to be pretty good as well . When you open the container , the first thing you notice is the nasty smell . Mix it with water and the smell intensifies . Drink it , and you will be reminded of meat that has been sitting in the sun for a few weeks . It really is undrinkable and I will have to throw it out and try something else .
 `` I read good reviews on WPI and so ordered it . However , I am NOT liking either of the taste , grape or watermelon . Also , the major problem is when I mix it with water in blender , it immediately forms too much of foam . So , It 's like drinking foam , and not the mix . It results in extra air and gas in stomach . Not good ! To overcome this , I tried mixing in the glass but it does not dissolve then :--LRB- ''
 The product delivered was not a Pro-Tec brand but instead a Swede-O . The stirrups are not made of Dupont Surlyn , but of an unknown plastic -LRB- If you 're going to advertise the material a product is made from , it should actually be that -RRB- . I am not sure if the Pro-Tec would be any more rigid , but I can easily flex the SWEDE-O brace from side to side in my hands with little pressure . If I can do that with my hands , how will the stirrups offer any added protection from rolling my ankle while running?I will be returning this .
 I ordered this brace because I have just gotten off crutches after a serious sprain . I was thrilled when it was delivered a mere 2 days after I ordered it . The brace I was sent was manufactured by a company called Swede-O . My fault with this product is that I trust the Pro-Tec company name and order their brand of protective gear and have never been unsatisfied with the quality.I do not like being misled and not being given the product I ordered .
 I bought the s/m size and am a female the fit was too large in the lower half of the item . Once you try the item on you are not suppose to return it as the return policy states this is for health code reasons . Furthermore the seller has a hefty restocking fee . After I found out I could not return it I decided to put it in the freezer . I suffer from migraines and found that this cold therapy cap did not help me at all . It does not stay cold long enough . Also it has a seam that runs down the back of the item where your nerves run up your neck . This is one of the areas that needed to be cold . Because of the seam that area is not even covered with the gel . The loose fit of the cap makes this a very useless ! I will just stick with my other eye mask products when I feel a migraine come on . Save your money and stay away from this product .
 This product is great for the first 3 minus then it gets too cool or hot . I have tried heating it more or cooling it more but it never stays more than about 3 minutes at a usable temperature . What a shame because it feel great for those first 3 minutes and works great.The velcro around the neck hurts and is very tough too .
 My feet get really cold especially in the winter , so my husband gave me a pair of Thera-Sox as a stocking stuffer . The premise is a good one . A pair of thick socks with an opening to pop a gel insole . You warm the gel in the microwave , pop it in the sock and voila nice and toasty tootsies!Unfortunately , it did n't quite work that way for me . The socks are a thicker cotton . Thicker than most cotton socks but not as warming as wool . So when you put them on with the gel inserts , the BOTTOM of your feet should feel warm as that is where the insert goes but the tops of your feet are only as warm as the sock itself which is not that warm.The next drawback is that the gel inserts do not warm easily . The instructions say to put them in the microwave for 30 seconds max at a time on low . You are limited to 30 seconds at at time . I am not sure why that is , but followed the instructions and had to repeatedly heat the insoles to get them to warm up to where I thought they were warm enough to heat my feet . So the claim 30 seconds to toasty toes is incorrect . I also had to use high on the microwave instead of low as the directions indicated.Next I carefully put the gel insert in the sock and put them on . They pulled on easily and fit my feet well . I wear a size 7 anyone with a foot larger than an 8 would be hard pressed to make these fit . However , despite my care in pulling them on a hole developed in the side of the sock during the first wear . They are not very sturdy.The warm sensation on the bottom of my foot lasted for a very short time.All in all a great concept but fails in the delivery .
 This stuff is terrible . High priced and it is sticky and horrible feeling . It has an unpleasant odor that you want to get rid of . You will put it on and then want to wash it off immediately . Get a clue Jason . Horrible product .
 This gel is very sticky and sweet , also seems not completely absorbed -LRB- 50 % is absorbed and 50 % dry on the skin surface and then seems to peel -RRB- . I had to mix it with other creams , in two equal parts -LRB- mix with cream for very dry skin -RRB- . It also works better if you mix it with drops of essential oil or olive oil . -LRB- 5 drops of oil per arm or leg , if you still feel sticky or syrupy , to the next -LRB- the next day after the bath -RRB- , repeat the formula but with more oil until you get the desired sensation .
 It is not providing the same formula which was provided with the old bottle . What are you guys doing with the great formula ?
 As many other have said
 If you end up with a new bottle -LRB- not old stock -RRB- you get a new formula . The new bottle label states `` NEW LOOK , Same Great Formula '' but upon use and inspection of the ingredients I find this is not true.I include the two bottles I refer to in my customer photos above -LRB- my old bottle and the new bottle I recently bought -RRB- so you can see which ones I refer to , since there seems to be more than one type of bottle/tube and many different ads with different images . Keep in mind just because a seller shows the old bottle in an ad that does not mean you 'll get the old bottle and formula . If it matters to you , you should ask before buying . I bought the 16 oz bottle from Home Naturals Online , Inc. back in January 2012 . I did not ask before buying because I did not know of the new bottle at the time.Here 's my review of the new bottle and formula and comparison to the old . I also include the full ingredients list from both the old and the new bottles with photos above , and alternatives for moisturizing and healing.APPEARANCE & CONSISTANCY : > The old formula was a thin gel with a slight blue-ish green hue to it . The consistency of the old gel was a bit like your average maple syrup -LRB- not sticky , but a bit tacky -RRB- . > The new gel is clear , with no noticeable colorant and very very thick - like the consistency of table honey . It 's almost too thick ; difficult to squeeze out of the small hole in the bottle 's top . It 's very tacky , more than the old formula . I am not happy with the feel of this new super thick gel.PERFORMANCE : > The old formula felt cool and soothing on my skin . > The new formula just feels icky , thick and gooey , not soothing feel at all and only has a little `` cooling '' feeling . It actually burns when applied to my dry irritated skin - definitely NOT good.INGREDIENTS : I include the ingredients for both formulas below . There are 11 ingredients in the new formula that are not listed in the old formula . There are 4 ingredients in the old formula that are not listed in the new formula , plus in the old formula the Aloe is listed as a `` gel '' but in the new formula the Aloe is listed as juice . It takes more than juice to make a gel so there must be some ingredients in the old formula that are not listed on the label -LRB- the gel formula is not broken down into individual ingredients -RRB- . Clearly the old and new formulas are not the same , as the label on the front of the new bottle claims . The reason for this may be changes in laws mean changes in what can and can not be used , but the fact remains it is not the same formula . Again , I 'm not happy with this new gel . It 's too thick and it actually stings when applied to dry chapped and cracked skin.I was hoping to use Jason Aloe Gel in place of Miracle Foot Repair -LRB- Miracle of Aloe Miracle Foot Repair Cream -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- -RRB- which has about 60 % Aloe Gel and other soothing ingredients like menthol , due to the price difference . Jason Aloe Gel is currently much cheaper per ounce , about $ 8 for 16 ounces of Jason Aloe Gel and about $ 7 to $ 10 for 8 ounces of Miracle Foot Repair . But since the change in formula I no longer like Jason Aloe Gel at all and ca n't recommend it.I have now thrown out my new bottle of Jason Aloe Vera Gel -LRB- that 's how much I hate it -RRB- and I will use Miracle Foot Repair -LRB- Miracle of Aloe Miracle Foot Repair Cream -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- -RRB- to sooth and moisturize damaged skin -LRB- feet and elbow for sure -RRB- , but I still need something I can use on the scalp . Miracle Foot Repair is a super thick cream/lotion with mineral oil as one of the ingredients . I love it on dry cracked skin but it 's not good for use on the scalp . My husband has dry scalp in the winter and itching it can cause irritation and scratches in the skin . We have n't yet found an inexpensive shampoo or conditioner that 's good at bringing moisture to the scalp or sooth the skin on the scalp . Doctors only offer a prescription that costs about $ 100 per bottle . There 's no way we 'll pay that . I 'm sure it 's a rip off.Other choices to moisturize skin -LRB- and to help healing -RRB- is Aquaphor -LRB- Aquaphor Healing Ointment Advanced Therapy , 14-Ounce Jars -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- -RRB- and Vaseline -LRB- Vaseline 100 % Pure Petroleum Jelly , 13-Ounce Jars -LRB- 368 Gm -RRB- -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- -RRB- but neither are good for the scalp . Neither have aloe too . But I keep both on hand in the house at all times for cuts and scrapes and moisturizing super dry skin , but if you have an allergy to wool or have very sensative skin be careful with Aquaphor because it contains Lanolin -LRB- derived from wool producing animals -RRB- . Most people do n't like to use Aquaphor or Vaseline to moisturize skin due to the petroleum base , but if you 're sking is wet first -LRB- like when you first get out of a bath or shower -RRB- and if you do n't use too much , rub it in good and it 's not as `` greasy '' feeling as you 'd think . Just do n't use a lot at one time . If you need more , layer it by rubbing some in , letting it sink into your skin , the putting on more.I 'm considering buying a gallon of pure aloe vera juice -LRB- Nature 's Way - Aloe Vera Leaf Juice , 33.8 fl oz liquid -RRB- and adding it to our shampoo and conditioner and maybe to a plain lotion . If I do I 'll be sure to reveiw it to let you know . ~ ~ ~ Jason Aloe Vera Gel - New FormulaIngredients : Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice * Aqua -LRB- water -RRB- CarbomerGluconolactonePotassium HydorxideGlycerinArginineAllantoinPanthenolMentholSodium PhytatePolysorbate 20PhenoxyethanolSodium BenzoateAmylCinnamalBenzyl BenzoateBenzyl SalicylateHexyl CinnamalLimoneneLinaloolFragrance -LRB- parfum -RRB- * Certified Organic - referring to the first ingredient , Aloe Leaf Juice . ~ ~ ~ Jason Aloe Vera Gel - Old FormulaIngredients : Aloe Barbadensis -LRB- Aloe Vera -RRB- Leaf GelAqua -LRB- purified water -RRB- Vegetable GlycerinAllantoinPolysorbate 20Panthenol -LRB- vitamin B5 -RRB- Potassium CarbomerArginineNatural MentholBenzyl AlcoholPotassium SorbateSodium BenzoateChlorophyllin-Copper ComplexFragrance Oil BlendThe description of the ingredients in the old formula -LRB- which appears on the back of the bottle above the ingredients list -RRB- states it contains `` soothing Allantoin and Azulene '' but Azulene does not appear in the ingredients list . Azulene is an oil found in certain plants and is naturally blue in color . We could find nothing on the internet that describes the use of Azulene for anything more than a natural colorant . In the old formula the Aloe is listed as a `` gel '' . In the new formula the Aloe is listed as juice . It takes more than juice to make a gel so it is possible Azulene is part of the `` gel '' formula , but there 's no way of knowing . The old formula was in fact a blue-ish green color while the new formula is clear.Also , there 's an asterisk note saying `` Certified Organic '' but there is no item with an asterisk to know what ingredient is organic . This is probably just a typo , but it makes you wonder . ~ ~ ~ Jason is made by Hain Celestial Group Inc.The old bottle states it was manufactured in CA.The new bottle states it is manufactured in NY . Very close to where I live . Maybe I should take a trip and ask them why they made such horrible changes . ;-RRB- *********** Update . Today I boughtAloe Gel Whole Leaf 32 Ouncesfor $ 8.99 at a local store -LRB- can sometimes be found cheaper here on Amazon , but must pay shipping -RRB- . In my opinion this is the closest thing you 'll get to using the true aloe plant but in a bottle . Lily of the Desert comes in juice too , but I wanted a thicker substance so I can apply it to the skin w/o it running off like water . This Whole Leaf Gel is just right . I feels like all natural but thickened juice . It is clear , not colored green . All natural carrageenan is used to thicken it , which is edible too , so if you wanted to add this to a drink you could . It is 99 % organic juice and I highly recommend it for those who long for the old Jason formula that is no longer available . And it 's cheaper than Jason . Lily of the Desert also sells a `` inner filet '' gel -LRB- Lily of the Desert Aloe Vera Gel , Inner Fillet , 32-Ounces -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- -RRB- that 's a little thicker than the whole leaf gel , but it is made from the inside of the leaf only , not the whole leaf . That 's what `` inner filet '' means - the inside of the leaf . So , you can get Lily of the Desert cheaper than Jason , in three different forms , and has less ingredients , and is organic . No reason to buy Jason any longer . I 'm switching to Lily of the Desert for sure !
 Short review
 Another hope dashed . Do n't do what they say they will do.Try almost everything to try to loose weight.These did not work for me .
 In preface , I am a great fan of Amazon.com & Puritan 's Pride , the latter was the seller of this product - I struggled through all but one of these packets in search of some relief ... and found absolutely none ... and no side benefits such as Ginkgo promises . Know that on beach vacations , I have no allergies , asthma , related problems but where we live was/is cnsidered the USA # 2 allergy capital and there 's some reaction to indoor cats . Thus , I found NO improvement nor ANY relief from these assualts , although Promoting Respiratory Health was the hook that got me to buy . Additionally , this product did not enhance memory nor circulation - except in the sense that one would remember it 's foul taste and circulate away from taking it if not dedicated as a believer in its promotional literature . I will give it this - it IS probably all natural - like tree bark .
 I would not recommend this product to friends and family . Although it works pretty well as a breath freshener , it does n't provide protection against gingivitis and other gum diseases -LRB- like Listerine does -RRB- .
 I bought this product for my 15 year old son . The product website makes claims that I found not to be true . Fortunately , our pharmacy gave me a refund . Here are quotes from the Zanfel site - `` Zanfel is effective at any point after contact with poison ivy and will provide relief regardless of how long you have suffered with the allergic reaction '' and the most ludicrous `` After completing the first treatment , you should be itch-free and , within 24 hours , 75-80 % of the rash also should disappear . For most people , no more treatments are required . '' No way does it or any other product make the rash disappear in 24 hours . Save yourself the 40 bucks .
 I bought Zanfel because of their claim of removing the offending oils and providing relief from itching within 30 seconds after use . I followed the directions if the itching persists -LRB- washing multiple times -RRB- and Zanfel is no more effective than any other products I 've used on a full-blown rash . Other products I 've tried include TecNu , Band-Aid anti-itch gel , Benadryl spray and a really hot shower . This product might work if you apply it immediately after exposure to poison ivy , but in that case , save yourself some money and buy TecNu instead . That is also a lotion that binds to the oils and removes them from the skin . I have found TecNu to be effective when used shortly after exposure . I was hoping that for $ 40 for 1oz of Zanfel , it would alleviate my full-blown rash , but no such luck . The best treatment I 've found for a well developed case of poison ivy is to run very hot water over the rash -LRB- as hot as you can tolerate -RRB- and then after gently drying the area , apply Band-Aid anti-itch gel on the rash -LRB- use a Q-Tip to apply -RRB- . That alleviates the worst itching for about 6 hours and the rash starts to dry . That is much cheaper and effective than using Zanfel .
 I thought I was buying a cream , but it is a wash . The seller emailed me that it can be used as a cream . However , that is not what the instruction says . I think it is being advertised as something it is not
 My daughter removed shrubs and got into a patch of poison ivy over the weekend . By Tuesday , she had oozing blisters all over . She used a whole tube of Zanfel over the course of a day and said that it only worked to relieve itching for a very short time between uses . There was no decrease in the rash at all . She 's still extremely uncomfortable and we will not buy this product again .
 While it is stamped all over the item that `` items my be dated '' , they all expire in about a year . Great , so I bought an Orange bag for 20 + items unless I can use everything in the next 365 days ... I 'm not thrilled since I had a couple others in mind and make me wonder if my $ 25 could have been better spent ?
 The band aids in the kit have poor quality glue . They tend to fall off by themselves within a couple of hours .
 I received this sampler in time , the outer box was smashed , so when I opened the packing , found that the sampler was damaged . I contacted seller but seller has not cared to respond to my complain . I have requested for a refund and still awaiting response .
 i did recieve one touch penlet plus , adjustale blood sampler with one 25 lancets-ea / but when i did open this item i found the glucose strips expired since 2007 , and more information i am ready to swear that this is the truth i need compensation for that . thanks so much
 We can all be a little naive , but the price for this penlet was more than twice that of a complete glucometer kit including a meter , test strips and a penlet .
 The monitor looks really nice , small and stylish , that is probably it . It is probably the worst monitor we have tried . Yes , we read all of the instructions and did the measurement exactly as suggested . The worst part is that you can measure it five times and you would get five totaly different numbers . We returned it and bought a Omron cuff based monitor .
 I brought this product to help with my knee . I have chondromalachia , and struggle a great deal with walking up and down steps of any kind.Unfortunately for me , the product did n't help any . There was a very slight reduction of pain , but the strap used to secure the product in place behind my knee was very uncomfortable and even in the short duration I spent testing it , rubbed quite painfully . I would not have wanted to wear this for very long , and had I done so , would have feared that I might have developed sores behind my knee or other skin irritation.I do n't know if other buyers would definitely have the same problems I experienced . Perhaps my knee was just a bit too big to fit comfortably -LRB- normally I wear an extra large size knee brace -RRB- , and perhaps my chondromalachia is a bit too severe for this product to do any good . Others might have better luck .
 If you think this is like Aloe juice with some added items to further help smooth your stomach , you are wrong . This tastes like pepto bismol and can only be taken in small doses and if you have a strong disposition . I will try it for a bit and see if it works but boy does it taste terrible .
 Girlfriend said it was n't even that good for external use either , she 's making me order something else .
 This thing is extreme hardIt does vibrate strongly , but nothing good to put inside .
 But only just okay . It 's too thin , and the plastic is way too hard . Climaxes are attainable , but always of a shallow variety . I 'd look elsewhere .
 iT IS WAY TO HARD AND NOT SOFT AND TOO MANY BUMPS.California Exotics Waterproof Turbo Glider Vibrator
 Although , I highly recommend Arnica as a very wonderful remedy , I do not recommend this brand as it is not necessary to spend 30.00 for 12 capsules . Do a search on Amazon and you will see what I mean . The majority of homeopathic remedies are extremely reasonably priced . If not , then you know your are getting ripped off .
 Purchased this -LRB- as well as black cohosh -RRB- at the recommendation of a doula and several other holistically inclined momma types in order to give mother nature a nudge . Unfortunately it did not work and after several weeks I resorted to surgery anyway .
 Well , I 've been using it for about 5 days now and I hate it . Last night I woke up at 2 AM and just took it off , it dries to a white , thick chunky paste that you can feel whenever you 're awake . If you never wake up during the night you 'd probably be fine with this . But if you do , the first thing you 'll think is `` what is this thick paint on my teeth '' ? The biggest problem , however , is with the bottom teeth . No matter how well I dry them the gel clumps , then dislodges sometime during the night . I do n't see how it can whiten my teeth if it 's no longer on my teeth . Also , I do n't think my teeth look any whiter . Not noticeably so at least.They should give you a prize if you can keep this up for 2 weeks.White strips are better . They 're not perfect either , but at least you only have to wear them for a half hour or so a day .
 Hands down , the worst teeth whitening system I 've ever tried.The good : When I can get it on my teeth , it stays on.It 's easier to sleep with this stuff on than other systems I 've tried.The bad : I can not get the stuff to stay on my teeth . Your teeth are supposed to be dry when you use it , I have -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- , tried * blowdrying * my teeth to dry them off and hopefully get the stupid stuff to stay on , and it simply wo n't . The stupid little brushes you 're supposed to use to apply the stuff are way too flexible - it 's like trying to paint the gel onto your teeth with a piece of tissue paper - it simply wo n't work.Other : My kit might have been a little older , the gel was very thick and hard to work with.I successfully got the stuff to stick to an average of 2 teeth a night . The rest was wasted.Frustrated with the useless brushes , I once tried using my fingers to put the gel on . DO NOT try this , it simply will not come off your hands , no amount of washing will help.Conclusion : I have no idea if the whitening works because the gel will not stay on my teeth . I honestly wish I had just flushed my money down the toilet instead of wasting it on this kit , because that would have meant a lot less frustration .
 Junk , this stuff did not work at all and felt like crap on your teeth , I think strips are the better way to go .
 My hair type , very fine . Was damaged after using this product . It might work for others .
 I really liked this product . It provided great lubrication , plus it made us feel extra safe , knowing it has nonoxynol-9 . I 'll continue to use Aqua Lube -- it 's better than plain old K-Y Jelly . In fact , I 'd recommend Aqua Lube to all my friends . I also like the bottle it comes in , so I can see how much I have left . With tubes , I just never know . Great product , plus it 's a bonus knowing I also get some added protection .
 The desciption does not mention that the product is not to be used with URL coated lenses , which is a serious omission given that many or even most eyeglass lenses are coated .
 It 's a gimmick . Looks good on tv , does n't do what it says . I 'm embarassed to admit I even tried it .
 The product is all smoke and mirrors . Unless you have a clean room and are incredibly talented , you will not have lenses that are usable . In fact , several attempts to use the product resulted in lenses that were worse .
 Besides all the other 1 star reviews , I 'd just like to add this.Even the applicator was garbage . As I spread a thin layer of liquid over my lense , besides the tiny bubbles , it also shed hairs of the applicator all over the lense.Unbelievable garbage .
 I was so excited to get my package of Liquid Lense . I have very mild wear spots on my lenses and there was no improvement and there was definate blurr after drying 12 + hours . So please do n't waste your money .
 Worst product on the market ! A huge disappointment . I was very careful to use as directed . The result ? One big mess ! The lens were smeared and foggy with bubbles in them and I had no choice but to throw them away .
 When I applied the solution to my glasses and let them dry overnight , in the morning I found that I could not see through them at all because of the distortion caused by the solution running down the lens as it dried . Save your money for new lenses.The company I bought this product from , however , was very fast in processing and shipping my order .
 Not worth 2 cents . Tried it over and over and over and so on . Still did not get rid of any marks , just made it worse . Was like adding clear nail polish over lenses but had fuzz left due to the applicator tip . Would not waste the money .
 These are not the same blades as i have purchasedin the store . They are either defective orcounterfit . I have notified Amazon and Gillette .
 Works , but makes me shaky . I did n't buy more because of this . There were times I felt I 'll and was worried I 'd pass out .
 I like the Green Tea Raspberry . I had not tried this Cola flavor before and ordered the smallest pack which was four . I did not like this flavor and will not order it again . Besides not liking the flavor , the shipping was too high .
 It 's infuriating that companies continue to undervalue the power of the customer experience . With advertising being a lot less affective these days than real , customer feedback , you would think companies would try as hard as possible to ensure a good review of their product and when a problem arises , deliver good customer service . This mop came with not absolutely no directions . I 'm ok with that when how to work it is easy and intuitive . In this case , the mop was neither . The handle , before it is extended is quite short , so my first task is to try and use the `` telescoping handle '' to adjust the length . It does n't budge . Now I 'm shaking the box to see if perhaps I 've missed something Instructions somewhere ? Nope . So I spend an hour trying to unscrew this thing from various ends before deciding something must be wrong . But I 'm stubborn and determined to figure it out . So I go on to the website for instructions . None . I ca n't even find the product I bought . Finally I break down and call the company . I 'm told I must not be operating it correctly . Well , obviously , that 's why I called . I want to know how to operate it . The woman on the phone says she does n't know . She says she 'll `` go in the back '' and try to find a mop and `` figure it out '' and call me back . It 's been a few hours now . No call back . Infuriating . What a waste of time and money . And what an idiotic company .
 Take the $ 2.99 and buy a couple packs of gum ! It would be more effective than this `` Tongue Scraper '' . All it 's good for , is massaging your tongue . Absolutely the worst I have ever used . The person who brought this bad boy to market , should be slapped .
 I just did n't like it . It said something about helping to rid me of bad breath , and it did n't .
 I bought this because they said it was a Breath Remedy Toungue Scraper . That is a brand name . They are false advertisers and they make me hesitant in using Amazon.com services ! I wrote them once and did not get any response .
 This seller substituted the item and has not reponded to three requests for authorization to return the items . Nor has Amazon assisted in this matter . The style of tongue scraper order by Breath Remedy is much smaller than the Dentek product that was sent - and the larger product is not desired.Don ' t bother with this seller - regardless of the product - if you want service and responsiveness .
 I ordered this tongue `` scraper '' because it clearly stated it was by Breath Remedy . Their scrapers really do scrape your tongue and not just roll over your tongue like this one made by Den Tek does . This `` scraper '' does nothing . No built up deposits were removed . The Breath Remedy scraper cleans your tongue perfectly . I am really upset since I ordered this regardless of the fact that shipping and handling was unbelievably high because I just knew I was getting a different product . This is false advertising , and I tell anyone this product DOES NOT work . If it would n't cost me more money out of my pocket , I 'd return it .
 Doesnt do a good job . . Too blut of an edge . the swath is also narrow . . will not recommend .
 I bought the brand Breath Remedy and I receveid the brand Dentek . I live in Brazil and I did n't have time enough to change .
 I am very disapointed by this product and this company . I wanted the brand name tongue scraper of BREATH REMEDY and received a Den Tak Scraper which is much larger and not very comfortable to use . I highly think that this is false advertisement to sell a tongue scraper !!!!!!!!! Do not buy or order anything from this company.It will cost me more to return this product then to discard it ... . I ordered two scrapers and will discard both ...
 You have like 2 seconds to see your teeth because it fogs almost instantly ... so its just ok
 I do n't know if it does anything . I 'm not loosing weight but I 'm not gaining either . Ca n't say that I would attribute it to the product .
 I did not like this at all . The product is like dirty water . How do I know that it is Kelp and not some dirt that some just says that it is kelp . It is gross and I wonder how sanitary it is to drink this . I can not comment on its effect since its too gross to drink and I wo n't . Wish I can return it but shipping is probably more than the refund . I would not recommend this .
 Not only did this product NOT WORK , it also DAMAGED my baby 's skin . She has dry and sensitive skin to where other commonly used baby bath washes made her skin dry and patchy . We bought it and used it . After the first use , she was still dry and patchy but I thought it would bring relief . After the second bath -LRB- we bath our baby ever two-three days -RRB- , this product left her skin so dry and damaged it appeared as though she was sunburnt . It was awful . We switched to Cetaphil cleanser and lotion/cream and she got better . However , it took almost two weeks for her skin to peel and recover . We still use cetaphil and it works wonders .
 The product showed up almost a month late . I hope American Wholesale does better in the future . Hopefully I will not need to use this but I wanted it to be a part of my emergency supplies .
 For those of us on fixed or no incomes without dental insurance , it 's sometimes necessary to do temporary tooth repairs -- temporary meaning for days up to months . Original Temparin would hold a filling for a month or more . Den-Tek has apparently acquired Temparin and imposed the DenTek recipe on the product . DenTek repairs last , at best , a day or two . So I will no longer be buying `` Made in USA '' ! Does anyone know of a Canadian or Taiwanese manufacturer of temp fillings ? Please post their contact info here ... !
 lasted for 2 days . I dont recommend it to any body , it is the worst deal ever . plz guys dont buy it .
 I purchased this item to have with me on hikes in case I need it to get to a dentist . I thought I would experiment first before really needing it . The product did not work . I tried using the material to temporarily cover the tooth and the stuff would not adhere to my teeth . The material just falls off ?? I contacted the supplier and they gave me a refund right away which was good . So I am still looking for a product like this to have with me on hikes .
 After reading all the positive remarks about these Tweezerman toenail cutters , I can only assume that the supplier or manufacturer are writing their own reviews because these cutters which I received last week , can barely cut butter let alone toenails . They are a complete waste of time and money .
 I bought these nippers because of the good reviews . Received them the other day , and the next evening tried to clip my toenails , which I nearly ruined in the process.The nippers crushed my toenails but never did cut them.Thinking that perhaps my toenails might be a little TOO thick , I tried the nippers on a couple of thinner items ... like some very thin cardboard ... the kind that a chocolate candy bar is packaged in . Nothing . Then I tried it on a regular paper envelope folded in half . Still nothing.Asked hubby to try them just in case I was n't doing something right . Still nothing.So I 'm not real happy with these nippers and am returning them for a refund which I will use to buy a different brand . This review in no way reflects on the seller , who does not have control of product quality , and is -LRB- so far -RRB- being very responsive to my concerns .
 I was hoping this was better than the nail cutters you could buy at a store that is why I made this purchase . However , I find that is not the case . Save $ 10 or more and get the upper end product at your local store . -LRB- Also , the `` close clip '' is VERY hard to operate . -RRB-
 did not work for me . Turned wrist green every day I wore it . If you have Arthritis ! just deal with it !!!! .
 I tried this product and I got a UTI . I stopped it after a week and waited a month . I then tried again and I got another UTI where I needed to go to the doctors for medicine . After that I threw out the box.The first day I did get jitters but after that I was fine.I did n't lose any weight on it but probably because I only used it for a week at a time .
 I was very excited to try this supplement . I was hoping for help with weight loss . But going into this with a realistic view , and having read all the reviews on here - the thing I was expecting was to have a bit more energy , even to be a little jittery.NONE OF THAT HAPPENED.Each day I took this product I felt like I had not slept for days . I would only take doses in the morning . When I took it , I felt lethargic and exhausted . I do not understand why . I am going to contact the company and see if they will replace or refund for the product .
 Ive been using this for 2 weeks now . . and have n't lost a pound . . i work out everyday and cut the sweets . . all i wanted was a little boost but this does n't seem to work for me ! On the bright side it got delivered SUPER fast . .
 I tried this product thinking it would be good for weightloss after reading the other reviews . I only took 2 pills and saw right away this was NOT a good idea . I was jittery all day and felt like I could n't see straight -LRB- I looked in the mirror and saw my pupils were very dilated -RRB- . I will NOT take even one more pill , this feeling stinks .
 I did n't like these fat burners because I felt like they did n't work . I did n't feel any difference while I was taking them and did n't lose a pound . Also , these pills have caffeine in them and could n't go sleep when I took these pills in the evening . They kept me up .
 I 've owned the Panasonic ES8068 for several years , and I figured it was time to buy a newer shaver . I bought the Retro and was disappointed as soon as I got it out of the box . It felt cheaply made . I charged it up and gave it a try anyway . First I tried the pop-up trimmer on the back and quickly gave up on that because it was harder to do sideburns than with my older model . Then I got into a shave and within 5 minutes I was putting it aside and going back to my older shaver . The Retro was n't digging in as well as my older model , which meant I 'd be spending more time shaving.This has to be Panasonic 's worst attempt at a razor . It 's more like a toy for kids who are starting to sprout peach fuzz . I would value this at a $ 20 shaver , not the nearly $ 130 I paid for it . I 'm sticking with my older model and thinking of trying out a Braun when this one dies .
 After ordering my first one I found that it was defective after only 2 uses . Then I had the second one sent to me and it just seems to be a really poorly made or designed item . I have to move the scale around my house about 20 times before it stops reading `` error '' and lets me weigh myself , because it 's very particular about the flooring . Even my hard word floor , a surface that for all intents and purposes looks completely FLAT to me , is too tricky for it I guess . I regreat buying this scale and wish I had purchased another brand . I give it 2 stars however because when it DOES weigh me , it 's very accurate .
 On the website it has a very modern look but when you have it in front on you it looks a bit tacky . The part where you put your feet on is n't metal . It is a dark speckled gray that looks like a cheap kitchen countertop and it does n't have any good features . It does n't show ounces and it is very plain . The only reason I kept it was because it was cheap and I did n't want to go through the trouble of sending back .
 Item was sold past expiration date . Went ahead and used product anyhow . Also , I think I purchased the wrong type of dressing . Emphasis is on hydrocolloid ... not alginate . I still have 3 left in the original packaging that I did n't use -
 I just got my `` massager '' in the mail . Do not believe the other reviews . They are obviously written by the seller . THis product is pure crapola.The plastic housing is made of poor quality . I turned it on smelled a little smoke and then nothing . The product on/off light comes on but no jolt of anything to get my sagging chin muscles working . IT is A 50 dollars piece of garbage . I called the seller to complain . ONLY TO GET AN ANSWERING SERVICE . YOu can not just send it back you have to wait for an RA # . They charge a restocking fee as well as I am out my postage to CANADA . Which means I am out about 20 bucks for getting ripped off . oR better yet I have 21 days from the seller to get an RA # they will probably not get back to me until 22 days.NOT COOL AMAZON . YOu need to back up who i selling to your loyal customers . which I WAS .
 The unit I rec 'd was a dud . I would n't know if it works or not because it did n't `` work '' . I did n't choose to replace it with another unit because Ihave little confidence in a product 's longevity that comes straight out of the box non-functional . HOWEVER , customer service addressed my problem promptly and assured me that a full refund would be issued witout a restocking fee . We shall see .
 I purchased this because I figured it could n't be TOO different fromNuFace Microcurrent Toner for Lifting and Toning the Faceother than the brand and price . Maybe the principle is the same , but this would turn on and off -LRB- according to the light on the product -RRB- no matter what I did or did n't do with it . Approximately 2/3 of the time when the light was consistently on , I did n't feel ANY stimulation . And because most of the time I felt no stimulation at all , I would turn the intensity all the way up and it would be shocking because it would be immediate and not consistent -- that in itself might actually damage the skin . . definitely give uneven levels of `` therapy '' . I gave the product the benefit of the doubt . I have purchased electronics on the web that included cheap batteries as this did and changed the battery -- the product performance was the same -- terrible!Will be receivingNuFace Microcurrent Toner for Lifting and Toning the Facein the mail soon and ca n't wait .
 Okay , this is NOT a product for people with sensitive teeth and fillings ! Oh , my teeth were killing me after I used this and they still are ! They have not `` calmed down . '' All of my nerves are `` on fire . '' I have NO idea how to get this back to Canada but I am awaiting the return info . DO not use this with dental equipment or filings !!! Yeow ! Otherwise , maybe it works .
 I used this product about 10 times , and the battery went dead . After finally buying and replacing the 9volt , the unit no longer worked ... and I was then outside of my return window . All in all , and complete and total waste of money .
 It makes flossing even more of a chore than it already is . No matter how tight you wrap the floss , it does n't stay set . Plus , the floss itself is not of good quality . It broke every time I used it . I say ` used ' because I threw it in the garbage .
 I had braces when I was younger and as a result have pretty tightly packed teeth . I was hoping that this item would make it easier to floss between my back teeth , but had no such luck.I actually find it more difficult to floss in general using the Flosbrush compared to the old-fashioned method . I even went as far as to try wrapping the floss that I normally use around the head of the Flosbrush . This proved that the problem was with the actual Flosbrush and not the floss that they provided.I think the problem stems from the fact that when you normally floss you pull the floss down , between your teeth . With the Flosbrush you are * pushing * the floss down and this simply just does n't work for me.Keep in mind that my teeth are packed in pretty tight , so if you never had braces or still have sufficient space between your teeth you may not have the same problem . That is why I am giving it two stars . For me , however , the Flosbrush was simply $ 3 down the drain .
 This vibrator is not as strong as it is described , I was disappointed with the poor quality of the vibrator cap and how difficult it was to get the batteries in and out as well . Made more noise than actual motion .
 Are you kiding me ? The add should state what is on the package ULTRA THIN . Yea it 's 6 1/2 '' long but it 's 1 '' diamater . The add says 2 '' . not even close ! forget about it ...
 I was so excited that it arrived and the shipping was so quick then I opened it and put fresh batteries to find that it does not work !!! Very upset and its non returnable now what ?! I just want a working one !!
 It would n't let me return it after I bought it , I hadnt even received it yet and wanted to get my money back but it would n't let me . I bought it as a gag gift but turns out someone else beat me to it and now I 'm stuck with it . It 's not a very good product and even if I wanted to use it I would n't , its not flexible and I thinly it would probably be uncomfortable to use . Definitely would not recomend .
 Disappointing , it has a nice feel and all , but the vibrator is really weak . Also the switch is placed terrible , when you are turning it down , or off , it 's very easy to unscrew it and have the batteries fall out . The switch is literally on top of the place where you screw the cap off . Also it 's tough to turn , and really hard to adjust when it 's in .
 Pros
 This vibrator is exactly what you pay for , cheap , weak , and rough . If you want something actually satisfying , do n't hesitate to spend more money . I used this product once or twice and have n't since . Never in my life have I been more frustrated while trying to get off . It 's a piece of crap . Not worth it in the slightest .
 Save your $ 's . Does not have various vibration speeds as noted in product discription.Size also not as stated ... will move forward purchasing a new product .
 Was n't as big as I thought it was suppose to be . Was looking for something bigger and a lot longer .
 Very small , my wife does not feel anything , she hate it , she say it is better to play with their hands . Waste of money and time
 its great that its waterproof , Could of been bigger and thicker for me but thats my own preference to it , I wasnt to impressed with the speed of the vibrations , but to each there own
 It 's too hard and the vibrator made me feel uncomfortable . The vibrator can not been controlled . I do n't like that .
 Really like the feeling of tea tree oil etc on the scalp with the tingling / refreshing feeling it imparts . This product does not deliver .
 Over the years I am a hair product junkee looking for something that really works . My hair is dry and bleached out so I thought I would try this product but it does not work on my hair at all . I ca n't even finish the product , I am throwing it out . It does not condition my hair like I thought it would from reading the reviews . I was hoping it would work better because I want to use more natural products but without the conditioning , I was pulling hair out when I combed it after I washed and conditioned it . I tried Avalon shampoo too and am not impressed .
 Saw absolutely no difference using this product . Found out hair loss was due to iron deficency and not any topical issue .
 I would not buy this product again , not very conditioning . Leaves hair feeling dry and tangled . Does n't feel like a conditioner .
 I was given the shampoo , instead of the conditioner . It really sucked , as you can imagine how it is when you wash your hair without conditioner . . Otherwise the shampoo was pretty good .
 After using the conditioner it did not make my hair feel soft . It felt dry and damaged and was not easy to comb .
 Based on the reviews I read prior to my purchase , I expected my hair to feel fuller and thicker . It did not ... My hair felt stiff and brittle . I tried it a second time and this time I could see my hair breaking off in my hand ... the smell was great and that is about all . I am so disappointed in the purchase , price and end result of the product that I could shoot myself for such a waste ... Do n't count on it working for you . : -LRB- while the conditioner is thick , it does not offer a silky feeling to your hair . I found my hair hard to untangle and I spent a great deal of time delicately untangling my fine long hair to prevent further damage.I have gotten better results from generic conditioners like Suave than I could ever get from this product.What an incredible waste of money .
 I have fairly sensitive skin and can get quite itchy if I use a shampoo or soap that has certain chemicals in it . So I 've been on a quest to find soap , shampoo , and conditioner products that have fewer odd chemicals in this . My quest is challenging because I also donate my hair to charity every three years . So I need my hair to remain thick and healthy while I do this . Otherwise my charity donations will make recipients unhappy rather than happy.The Avalon Organics Lemon Conditioner seemed like it would be just right for me . My boyfriend loves the aroma of lemon , so that would be a plus . It would have fewer chemicals . It says it restores natural highlights and color . It removes build-up . All great!So I began trying it . First , the conditioner is very thick , and the container can not sit on its lid . This means one has to really pound it to get the conditioner out . This is bad enough when the bottle is beginning , but by the end of the bottle it makes getting any out quite challenging . It means the last part of the bottle is wasted.Next , the instructions say to massage it in `` from the roots up '' . Hmmm . I 'm not sure how that 's even technically possible unless one had an eyedropper . If I have a dollop of conditioner on my hand , and I put it on my head , it is going to touch the top of my hair first . I then have to massage it down * towards * the roots . I do n't see how I could get it to start at the roots and then work its way out.The conditioner seems to get absorbed nearly instantly . That then means there is n't any left to `` massage around '' and get to the rest of the hair . Over my time with the bottle I used larger and larger -LRB- bordering on , to me , outrageous -RRB- amounts of conditioner on my hair . My hair is currently only just-past-shoulders length , too . It 's not even at its full waist length point . I would put a giant dollop in my hand , start putting it on my hair , and it would vanish nearly instantly . It 's not that my hair is super-dry either . If anything I 'd call it slightly oily . So I never felt as if I was getting all my hair conditioned.When I was done , the hair would feel squeaky clean - which is a problem . When I then tried to comb or brush it , it would tangle . The hair was not detangling as most conditioners would do . It would catch on the brush or comb . So this meant more hair would pull out during the brushing process.All of this was odd enough . I 've tested many , many conditioners over the years and not had this combination of issues happen before . But then the clincher . I was out kayaking with my boyfriend recently , and he looked at my head and then took a picture of it . Apparently my hair is now turning white at a prodigious rate where I am putting most of the conditioner . I have dark hair . I do realize that many people with blonde hair use lemon juice to bleach their hair and make it lighter . I should have realized this would happen.Because I am a sucker for punishment I will try the rosemary version to see if it 's any better , and post a review there when I 'm done testing . But I can unequivocally say that this lemon is just not for me . I would not recommend it for anyone with dark hair , or with long hair . It probably would be best for someone with short , blonde hair who likes the scent of lemon.I purchased this conditioner with my own funds .
 Product dried out my hair . I was disappointed since this is organic . I expected it to be better . But , Pantene works better than this and does not dry my hair out . Smell was ok . It was not overwhelming , but it did not smell great either . It did make my hair look thicker , but dried out .
 I expect a conditioner to prevent my hair from drying out . This is the first time I 've used an organic conditioner . Although the texture is thick like a cream almost , it seems to disappear and have almost no affect when I apply and rinse it off . I then try to compensate by applying more and more , but the texture of my hair is almost the same as if I did n't even use conditioner . I 'm trying to be more self conscious about the cosmetic/hygiene products I use but this particular line has been a disappointment .
 I have very curly dry hair and needed a conditioner that makes my hair smooth and soft . This one does n't help at all . It 's like using no conditioner and as such a waste of my money . I can not get through my hair even with the biggest comp after using this product . Beside that I do n't smell any Lavender , actually I do n't smell anything at all . Not a happy camper .
 Tried and used a whole bottle . Smell did n't bother me - what did was the fact that it barely conditioned - my hair was always tangled after use . Switched to another organic brand with MUCH better results !
 This product did nothing for my hair , I have a hair loss problem and it didnt even help a slight bit . after using it made my hair dry and brittle , no moisture whatso ever .
 This conditioner looks and feels creamy in your hands but does n't condition the hair . As one reviewer said , it feels like nothing and even applying more does n't help . I was very disappointed in this product . I used it in conjunction with the Avalon Lavender Shampoo . The shampoo is very harsh and seems to strip all natural oils from the hair and scalp . Others are commenting on the great smell - I did n't detect much of a lavender scent . It smells sort of like dog cleansing products .
 I was very excited about trying the shampoo and conditioner for my thinning hair issue . My hair has been coming out a bit before this but I was completely surprised when using it the first time , SO MUCH of my hair came out in the shower & when I was coming it out afterward that I started crying !!! I skipped washing my hair for one day and then used it again just to see if I was imaginging it . Well I was n't because it happened again . I went to Ulta and purchased some Nioxin which I 've used before and washed my hair with it this morning . Only a little bit of my hair came out ... and by little bit , I mean more than the average person but WAY less than when I used the Biotin B-Complex . Im glad it works for some people and hope it works for you . I tried it due to all of the positive reviews and although I hardly ever review anything , I felt so strongly about my experience that I had to share it . I am sending this product back today ! Good Luck ~
 I have arbitrarily chosen the conditioner , but the following applies to EVERY SINGLE product in this company line.It 's commonly known fact that most of the cosmetic companies claiming to be organic actually are NOT -LRB- such as Nature 's Gate , Kiss My Face , Dessert Essence , Jason , etc. -RRB- . The reason Avalon -LRB- NON -RRB- `` Organic '' is the worst offender in my eyes is1 . the fact that they actually have the audacity to use the word in their name , while their products still contain synthetic , and potentially carcinogen ingredients and2 . I have gotten duped by them in the past and spent a lot of money on their products before realizing how blatantly dishonest their marketing tactics were.It used to be even worse in the past when they first showed up on the market.Enticed by the name , I happily jumped on the bandwagon and kept buying their shampoos , conditioners and lotions -LRB- foolishly without reading the Ingredient label -RRB- , only to find out A LOT later that they all were laden with all kinds of harmful chemicals , there was just had some `` natural stuff ' thrown on top so it sounded more enticing -LRB- and misleading -RRB- . Even though recently they have ` cleaned their act ' significantly , and they now claim `` 70 % of ingredients are organic '' ... where does it leave the remaining 30 % ? -LRB- these ingredients , among others , are still questionable
 Be very careful about ordering this product . The formula has changed -LRB- per manufacturer -RRB- Note the `` new '' on label . First formula was heavenly -- the very best . This new formula is terrible ! And on top of that , you can hardly get it out of the bottle .
 I was hoping for a great organic conditioner that will help my hair to be healthy and look nice . This is not it . It is almost impossible to brush my hair after using this one -LRB- I have a straight hair , not curly and crazy -RRB- and it makes my hair greasy . Only plus-smells nice . Will not buy again .
 The conditioner was the better of the two , but I did n't care for this product . The scent does n't quite mix right to make a pleasant scent . It 's ok , I just think there are better products out there . My hair is mid length , natural curly and thick . I did n't think there was any advantage to my hair type as far as moisture or frizz free benefits go .
 AVALON USED TO SMELL GREAT , SO MUCH THAT I WOULD LOOK FORWARD TO A SHOWER , IT WAS LITERALLY AROMATHERPY , BUT NOT ANYMORE . THEY CHANGED THE INGREDIENTS BECAUSE THEY GOT BIG CONTRACTS WITH SUPERMARKETS , SO NOW THEIR PRODUCTS ARE CRAP , YOU CAN BARELY SMELL ANYTHING WHEN YOU USE THE PRODUCT , CHEAP CRAP THAT IS OUT THERE IS BETTER THAN AVALON IS NOW . I CALLED THEM AND TOLD THEM HOW I FELT , THEY SAID IT WAS THEIR FIRST CALL LIKE THAT , BUT THAT WAS NOT TRUE BECAUSE I SEE REVIEWS SAYING THE SAME BELOW THIS REVIW , AN DON MANY SITES . AVALON HAS FAILED BECAUSE THEY GOT GREEDY , THEY FOUND OUT HOW MUCH MONEY THEY 'D MAKE IF THEY TOOK OUT THE QUALITY STUFF IN THEIR PRODUCTS , AND SAID BASICALLY SCREW THE CUSTOMER .
 For conditioner , this did not do its main job very well
 I have thin fine hair and I am always searching for the `` miracle '' to a beautiful head of hair . This is not it . It may be organic and have less surfactants but , it 's the thinnest shampoo I 've ever used . Ca n't get it from bottle to hand to head without losing it down the drain . Stupid purchase . Oh well , next time .
 Something about this shampoo that although it smells good and refreshing , it makes my scalp itch . Could be just me . Would n't buy again .
 I washed and conditioned 1 a week but did n't see much difference . No thickening . May work for thinning but I have actual loss of hair .
 I bought the shampoo and figured I had to get the conditioner to go along with it . Nope . It barely did anything for my hair . It was like adding water to my hair . I even tried to mix it with another conditioner . Big mistake on that one . My hair felt like it was n't clean . Anyway , I would skip this .
 I BOUGHT THIS Avalon Organics
 I just finished my first bottle of this product . I am in my early 50s , my hair tends to be oily and I have an unacceptable amount of shedding which is the reason I chose this formula . The smell is great but the conditioner does n't moisturize very well even if you leave it on for 4-5 minutes . I eventually bought Aussie 3-minute Miracle to put on the ends and that did help me get through the bottle . I am reordering the matching shampoo but will look for something else for conditioning . I just wish there were a conditioner that had both Biotin and Saw Palmetto .
 Does not lubricate or soften hair . Not even while in the shower . I followed the instructions and even left it on longer than recommended . It made no difference . My hair was just as tangled after rinsing it off . Basically , it does no conditioning , whatsoever .
 I used this in conjunction with the shampoo . It does not restore moisture to your hair , so even oily hair will start to feel dried out if you use both the shampoo and conditioner long enough like I did . I did n't notice any thickening of my hair . Moving on to another product .
 Following my review on the Biotin Thickening Shampoo - I do not care for this product at all . The smell is very similar to lemon Pledge or Lysol . When I first opened the conditioner , it was really a really thick and creamy appearance , but the second I put it in my hair , it lost all of its integrity and seemingly barely covered my hair ! I usually start applying at my tips and slowly working my way up to about 4 '' away from my roots , but I was having such a hard time working it up that I had to reapply a couple times . What a waste of conditioner ! When I rinsed it out , my hair had a dry and straw-ish consistency . Not very pleased . I do notice that my hair has grown a bit faster this past month or two . I 'm unsure if that 's due to the Biotin supplements or the shampoo/conditioner . I just end up throwing a bunch of Dove brand leave-in conditioner because of the way this shamp/cond leaves my hair .
 This conditioner not only seems watered down but it really doesnt do much for my hair either . I have to use a trememdously large amount in order to get any type of actual conditioning feeling in my hair with this ... literally 1/4 -1 / 3 of a cup worth . This wouldnt be SO bad if i didnt have super fine and thin hair to begin with and its short so there should be no reason i should have to use this much conditioner . I have used many different organic types of shampoo/conditioner and never have had to use this much . I was really excited to get this conditioner but honestly it is not at all worth the money paid for it . Very dissappointed
 I 'm sure they work IF you can get them on . I could hardly get them on my toes so did n't go any further . They are SO tight with very little give .
 Contrary to what the post stated , the product was not in stock.We ordered it Dec 23 and I had to cancel my order Jan 12 , two weeks later . I was not sent an email in the meantime explaining this . I had to contact them and ask where my products were!They got back to me quickly via email when I asked where the package was.Unfortunately , the product was still not in stock and I never received the product I wanted . Had to go elsewhere .
 It took longer than anything else in my order to get my order only to find they had sent the wrong item . I still have not received a replacement .
 the maps on these socks are not standard reflexology , but somebody 's playful idea . There are reflexology socks out there , I am looking at a photo on Ebay that has red , pink , and purple charts on white socks , with very specific and standard reflex areas for the colon , kidneys , lungs , etc. .
 I assumed < sigh > that since they are called 55 gallon industrial ... they would fit a 55 gallon drum.They will not . The diameter is much to narrow .
 The blades on these cartridges were very good in their day . These cartridge blades are n't nearly as sharp as they should be . I suspect they were manufactured long ago and have dulled over time . They are still usable . Does n't seem to be the kind of product that ages well . Or maybe I just got a bad batch .
 I bought this thinking it would fit a 12-22 inch leg which it clearly indicates that it will . When I received the item , it said it would fit a 17-18 inch leg . When I complained to the company , they offered to exchange it with the larger size with me paying postage to return OR I could return it , pay both the free postage and the return postage plus a 10 % restocking fee . They said that because it was marked `` Universal Fit '' that I got what I ordered . Now , I 've been able to read for a long time , and there is nothing in the ad for this product that indicates it is smaller than the size indicated in the ad . This is blatant false advertising and infuriates me just to think of it . As I pointed out to the company , why not just put up an ad that says , send us some money , we wo n't sell you a usable product , and if you try to return it , we 'll charge extra . I 'm currently in negotiations to get the larger size and have notified them that this ad is misleading . We 'll see what happens.Finally got a return receipt after emailing them 3 times a week apart . Returned item . A week and a half after that , got another email saying the company does n't actually make this product and they would be refunding my money -- in 3-5 days . I 'm unhappy with how this was handled right from the start . There is a responsibility for a vendor to post accurate product descriptions and to make sure the product they send actually matches the description , not just what they find on the shelf . I just got a message on my answering machine that they want to talk to me about my review . Bite me .
 I was so hoping the taste of this would be passable for my grandson , but it was n't . He would not take another sip of it after the first time . I even tried hiding it in another drink , but he took one drink and knew there was something in it . He poured it out . Wo n't be buying this or any other flavored fish oil again .
 My husband and I bought this to take ourselves and figured since it was made for kids , it would probably taste ok . We were wrong . Neither of us can stand taking it . It 's horribly fishy smelling and does n't taste good at all . It 's so bad , that despite its high cost , it 's been sitting on our countertop untouched for months . I ca n't believe there are other reviewers who said it 's not fishy ... It 's VERY fishy . We went back to the Nordic Naturals gummy drops - they taste the best of all the chewable or liquid omega-3 products we 've tried . I wish we could get a refund !
 My child hated the taste of this . Granted , he is 6 years old and picky but I even tried it and wanted to gag .
 I 'm sure they work IF you can get them on . I could hardly get them on my toes so did n't go any further . They are SO tight with very little give .
 Contrary to what the post stated , the product was not in stock.We ordered it Dec 23 and I had to cancel my order Jan 12 , two weeks later . I was not sent an email in the meantime explaining this . I had to contact them and ask where my products were!They got back to me quickly via email when I asked where the package was.Unfortunately , the product was still not in stock and I never received the product I wanted . Had to go elsewhere .
 This is not a review for the wilkinson blades themselves , which are awesome -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . I selected to purchase 100 blades for $ 18.95 . The title above said 50ct . If I had received 50 I would have been ok with it -LRB- cost a bit higher than local , but saved me a trip to the store -RRB- ; however , I received 10 blades for $ 14.54 . They sell locally for around $ 1.25 for a 5 pack . Two dollars fifty is no where near $ 14.54 and since it is n't what I signed up for , Kay Beauty
 Whew ! These things shred my face to pieces ! Small price , but still a waste of my mula . : - -LRB-
 I think the wording is deceiving , saying 5 cartriges instead of saying 5 blades gives a buyer the incorrect impression . I would not have bought that product if I had known I was getting only 5 blades for that price .
 Usually I use Merkur blades , but I saw these available and figured , `` I 'm sure they 'll be fine . '' The blades felt dull ; they were flimsy , and a couple of the blades in the pack had grime on them when I opened them . My skin was irritated like never before and I got more small cuts than I had from my safety razor since ... well , ever , really . Immediately , I hopped on Amazon and ordered a pack of the Merkur blades .
 The product details says five cartridges so I figured I would receive five cartridges -LRB- twenty five blades -RRB- from this company . I got one cartridge -LRB- five blades -RRB- . But this company will get to keep it 's $ 3.41 because I have to pay the return postage which I wo n't do.UPDATE
 I inserted some Wilkinson Swords in to my usual sampler pack rotation . One blade in each of my five most used razors for five days . Each of the five razors produced the same results with my usual technique
 Gets the laundry clean but no noticeable fragrance . Related `` lavender fragranced fabric rinse '' by the same maker is a much better product .
 I received the item and all of the pills had melted together . I know it was not due to heat as I had other bottles of pills that were delivered . I attempted to salvage what I could but ultimately I had to throw away over half the bottle because I could n't get the pills out without them breaking .
 The capsules are moist and slightly sticky . I have to wash my hands after handling/taking them.It seems to be a quality control issue with the capsules themselves as I had also found broken empty capsule pieces in the bottle . It 's apparent that the capsules are too permeable which causes the stickyness . Recommendation
 i received a defective bottle of these pills . not sure if one burst , a manufacturing problem or what -- but when i opened the package and took out my first pill it was very sticky and oily . checked the other pills and they are all the same . no sign of a broken pill . of course i did n't take any of them and am returning the product . i am reserving judgement and have ordered a replacement bottle because the other reviewers have not complained of this same problem . have hopes that this is an isolated instance .
 one test for $ 25 ? ridiculous . also ths seeer took forever -LRB- 1 month -RRB- to deliver .
 I used this BD Digital thermometer over a month . It is awful product I have never purchased . The results were not correct . The results were never within basal BBT chart . The temperature should be between 97 to 99 Fahrenheit . It turned out every time was out of range . I used other brand of the thermometer , Vicks . That was totally fine . I am going to put this BD Digital thermometer in the trash . DO N'T BUY THIS . By the way , if I could give this product zero star and I would .
 I have purchased 2 of these , the second was purchased after I thought the first was just a bad apple in a bunch . Neither one has ever given me an accurate read , or a consistent read . Some reviews point to a consumers report , but I have never had one that worked . Because of this I have never purchased a BD product again .
 Pros : - the beep every other second is a nice feature . If I take my temperature in the dark in the morning I 'm sure it 's working and I switched it on correctly . My fiance is a sound sleeper and the beep does n't wake him up . - the part that goes into your mouth is long and thin which makes it easy to stick it all the way back into that `` heat pocket '' under the tongue and place it the same way every day . I noticed that it makes a big difference in temperatures how far I put the thermometer into my mouth . This one was consistently 0.2 higher than my other shorter thermometer until I started to push the shorter one further in -LRB- which was difficult with a shorter broader front part -RRB- . - temperatures seem to be fairly consistentCons : - it only shows one digital place which makes it pretty much worthless to me as a BBT thermometer . If for example my temperature drops from 97.5 to 97.4 then I do n't know if that means a 0.01 difference -LRB- 97.50 to 97.49 -RRB- or a 0.19 difference -LRB- 97.59 to 97.40 -RRB- . In one case it 's almost no difference at all in the other case it 's almost a 0.2 degree difference . - the light only goes on when you switch the thermometer on . It then goes out while it is reading the temperature . It does not go back on after the temperature has been determined . So in order to read the result you still have to switch on a light . - If you switch the thermometer back on later it will briefly show you the last temperature but then it erases it . All other BBT thermometers I had would show the last temperature as long as you kept the button pressed down . With this one you only get one brief chance to look up your last temperature again .
 The battery in my old digital thermometer went dead after three years . Not unexpected . I bought a new battery but could n't get the new battery placed inside the case correctly . So I decided to buy a new thermometer because I was happy with my old one from Walgreens . The BD was inexpensive . Big mistake . The day I received the BD , I was feeling well , and decided to give the thermometer a test run prior to needing it in the future . The BD never worked correctly . I could leave it under my tongue for almost 5 minutes , and the thing would not beep to show that the temperature was complete . The temperature readings varied from 95.3 degrees to 98.8 , all within a half hour.Not worth the hassle and expense of sending back . Unfortunately , it is destined for a landfill much ahead of its time .
 I bought this for charting purposes . After a few cycles , I was concerned with my low temps . I had recently been tested for a thyroid issue , and my test results came back normal . But my temps with this BBT ranged from 95.6-97 degrees F. Too low!I had another thermometer that was not BBT and it temped 1 degree warmer than this BBT . So I bought a new BBT from the drug store , and it temped 0.5 to 1 degrees warmer than this BBT.So it is not as accurate as other reviewers say .
 I tried this thermometer multiple times and could n't get correct reading nor accurate ones . I find very useless since it cant be trusted and you 're back to square one .
 This thermometer beeps the entire minute until it reaches the peak tempurature . I 've been using this for over 2 weeks to help me track ovulation . That means taking my temp as soon as I wake up everyday . So every morning I use this and try to discretely take my temperature while my husband is still asleep . Needless to say that does n't work since this thing beeps rather annoyingly the entire time . I 'm off to get a new BBT thermometer today .
 This thermometer is SUPER slow . I had it all ready on travel and needed to check my 6 month olds temp rectally . Unfortunately 1 1/2 - 2 minutes later , nothing . I was so frustrated I tried to break it in half ! I could n't so that 's a positive point to this thermometer . When I tried this product on myself it did take a long time -LRB- 2 minutes and that is a generous estimate -RRB- and it was 2 degrees low -LRB- taken orally -RRB- . I contacted the company and they found they were having the same problem . Maybe it was a bad batch ? I purchased it in May 2009 . They refunded my money -LRB- thank you -RRB- , but I was still in the market for a good digital thermometer . I trusted the positive reviews on the BD Thermometer but was n't happy with the product myself.If you want fast , accurate and reliable try the Vicks Digital Thermometer Speed Read . I have one and am planning on ordering 2 more !
 The thermometer cover was in several pieces when it arrived . The display-screen was crushed . I recycled the battery and threw everything else away .
 At first glance this thermometer seems like a nice , well-built little unit . Looking at it more carefully , though , and one finds that it is really not very convenient to use.First of all , it is not possible to change from degrees F to Centigrade so taking this unit with you on vacation overseas is not an option . Also , there is a design flaw in that once you turn on the unit , you can not easily turn it off unless you either let it time out or you complete taking a temperature . After turning it on , pressing the power switch to turn it off before actually taking a temperature is difficult . Another disadvantage is that this unit does not have a flexible tip like many others on the market and also this unit takes considerably longer to obtain an accurate reading . Many thermometers on the market offer accurate readings in as little as 6 seconds , but this one insist on using a full minute -- something difficult to do when kids do not want to sit still.I would give this one a miss and go with one of the better ones on the market .
 This thermometer is inconsistent and recently read 97.2 degrees when I felt hot to the touch . I miss my old mercury thermometer .
 I purchased the BD RapidFlex version and found it completely useless . When I first got it , I compared it against an old hospital glass thermometer and the RapidFlex measured 6 points below . I thought the old glass thermometer could be faulty or perhaps I was not using the digital one correctly . The next day I had a doctor 's appointment and they took my temperature digitally and I used mine in the very same way , same spot and now it was 8 points below . BD used to be a good brand , and it was the maker of all my glass thermometers , but now they do not even allow you to send them an email as a consumer . I am looking for another brand and returning this one .
 you may think this is a minor concern , but all other digital thermometers we have had take much less time . Other than that it seems fine and accurate
 It gives me the same reading every time I use it . I have tried it for 7 days in a row . Inaccurate and a waste of money .
 I read all of the previous reviews , so I knew that this thermometer would have the accu-beeps that others found annoying and that the button would be difficult to push . What I did n't realize was that there would be times I could not push the button hard enough to turn it on ! It was ridiculous how much energy I had to exert to try to turn it on . I was planning to use this thermometer to take my basal body temp each morning , but I could n't get it to turn on several mornings AND when I could manage to press the button I never knew how accurate the temp . was due to working so hard to turn the thing on.Also , my resting body temp is apparently low -LRB- around 96.5 most days -RRB- , but one time it registered as 95.1 after maintaining the accu-beeps for being placed correctly . Seriously ? That is a ridiculously low temp ! I threw the BD thermometer out and got a thermometer from Target that is much easier to turn on and has more reliable readings . I 'm much happier with my Target brand thermometer than this one.If it matters to anyone , the packaging for the thermometer I received was different than what is pictured . I had a simply blue box just big enough for the thermometer . And my thermometer did not light up like the description said .
 Defective thermometer . Unreturnable once opened.How does one know something is defective unless one opens it?American Wholesaler has reasonably good ratings , but we give it zero stars .
 It 's a waste of time to use this product . The other day I longed for the days of mercury thermometers which -- with all their down sides -- would actually measure correctly ! What a concept.Just yesterday I needed to check for a fever and tried it -- 99.7 ... okay . Try again like 1 minute later
 Received a Nexcare with Accu-Beep . There was NO Beep . Threw it away after putting in fresh battery and still no Beep .
 I 'm sure they work IF you can get them on . I could hardly get them on my toes so did n't go any further . They are SO tight with very little give .
 Contrary to what the post stated , the product was not in stock.We ordered it Dec 23 and I had to cancel my order Jan 12 , two weeks later . I was not sent an email in the meantime explaining this . I had to contact them and ask where my products were!They got back to me quickly via email when I asked where the package was.Unfortunately , the product was still not in stock and I never received the product I wanted . Had to go elsewhere .
 The shave I get with this is fine , but be warned
 The shave I get with this is fine , but be warned
 This is the third Norelco Phillips Norelco shaver I have used . The first two were very good.This one is very bad . I bought it in Wal-Mart , San Antonio , Texas , January 2008 . I took it to Mexico , where it failed February 1 , 2008 . A light grey plastic part that supports & aligns one cutting head broke . I am still in Mexico , & do n't have the orignial package , etc. to return it under guarantee . But I do want to warn future buyers -LRB- & sellers -RRB- that internal plastic parts are fragile . The Jet Clean System is also ridiculous .
 The shave I get with this is fine , but be warned
 The shave I get with this is fine , but be warned
 Tried this item twice , sent one back to manufacturer -LRB- two months later received another one -RRB- . Both had the same problem the cleaner base does not work , the light blinks but thats all it does .
 Primary PictureThis product -LRB- gray market , black market , flea market -RRB- is white and has a capacity of 1800 mAh , `` DURACELL Rechargeable Accu '' AA/HR6/DC1500 / NiMH/1 ,2 V/1800mAh . STD chg 180mA for 15h . Made in Singapore.Secondary PictureThis product is the current product on the market -LRB- primary -RRB- capacity of 2650mAh , `` DURACELL RECHARGEABLE 2650mAh '' AA/HR6/DC1500 NiMH/1 ,2 V. STD chg 270mA for 16h/made in Japan.Buyers beware ... Note
 As many other reviewers noted , this has the wrong picture and description . Picture is of 2650 mAh ; product description includes the newer `` Duralock '' branding . The product shipped is 2450 mAh and has the older non-Duralock branding .
 Ordered this from `` Best Deal Supply '' and what i got was nothing similar to this picture batteries came with some bulk transparent package that was broken anyway . And they dont even look like the ones on picture . Product completely different from whats shown on picture probably made in china .
 the picture in the link is not matched with the battery which sent by Amazon . amazon has just warned with a small note . this is not enough . So Amazon misleads us .
 BUYER BEWARE - According to DURACELL , these batteries have a 1-2 year lifespan . I have bought many of these batteries and I ca n't charge any of them . I 've tried new chargers but nothing works - all of them kaputt . I rotate them so all of them get charged the same number of times . Strangely , the Energizer batteries that I bought the same day have zero problems so that concludes the business of which battery is the better one !
 It says item `` packaging may vary '' However the product varies too ! The package shows 2650 mAh batteries . What you get is the cheaper and weaker 2450 mAh batteries . I complained about it & they offered to refund the shipping charges . I refused that offer and countered with a better which they accepted .
 WHEN I RECEIVED THE BATTERIES AND PUT THEM ON THE CHARGER , ONE OF THE BATTERIES BECAME ROUGHON THE ENTIRE CASING.TINY BLISTERS OVER THE ENTIRE CASING . DO I HAVE TO PAY THE SHIPPING CHARGES TO GET AMAZON TO REPLACE THE ONE BATTERY ?
 This advertises 2650 batteries , even has them pictured , but 2450 batteries were delivered to my house . False advertisement ... very disappointed .
 I purchased this product based on the description of 4 2650 mAh batteries . What actually came was 4 2450 mAh batteries . I had read previous reviews that stated they also received the older model batteries . I thought -LRB- incorrectly -RRB- that with multiple negative prodcut reviews Amazon would have corrected the problem and actually mailed the batteries shown . I understand the description says &#34; packaging may vary &#34; , but no where does it say actaual product is different than the one picture . There is a difference between a different package and a different product .
 Nice rechargeable battery but with catch.The product image indicates that the battery power rating is 2650 mAH , but the product I received has the power rating marked as 2450 mAH .
 I bought 8 of these AA Duracell rechargeable batteries . Four of them work ok . The other four will not hold a charge . I 've had problems in the past with re-chargeable batteries , Duracell or otherwise . Most of them are duds . Based on this experience , my opinion , and that 's all this is , its that manufacturers of rechargeable batteries have no incentive whatsoever to provide a quality product that would otherwise impair sale of their disposable batteries . Its just common business sense if you really think it trough . So I 'll just buy disposable ones from now on ...
 This battery has 1800mah while the Sony has 2100mah ... go for the Sony !
 Just got these over the weekend . The picture is completely inaccurate , and the batteries could be grey market or recycled -LRB- Made in Singapore -RRB- . It came in a little plastic clear box , I mean these could be old batteries someone had in the past and repackaged .
 When I view this item on line it was advertised as duracell rechargeable AA batteries with Duralock even though the photo did not show duralock.The item received does not indicate &#34; Duralock &#34; anywhere on the packaging or the product . When I go to the Duracell site their batteries with duralock are clearly marked on the product.I feel that I paid a preminum price for a duralock battery and got Duracell standard battery.Next time I will purchase else where .
 The actual product that I received -LRB- sold by Amazon.com -RRB- was not the duralock advertised one . It was the old 2450 mAh labeled rechargeable batteries . Misleading advertising .
 Do not base the mAh from the image . I was a little put out that the batteries were not the 2650mAh batteries . The model number listed for these batteries is actually 2450mAh , which is what I received . Most people wo n't care but when you are looking for something particular it helps to pay close attention and cross check with the MFG . My mistake for assuming . Hopefully I can return these .
 As many other reviewers have stated , i received 2450 mAh batteries . Description shows 2650 mAh batteries . Extremely dissatisfied . Better luck purchasing these in store .
 Putting &#34; Packaging May Vary &#34; in the title is not good enough . You will never get the 2650 mAh battery your looking for from this product .
 I 've been using rechargeable batteries for 5 years , and these are by far the worst I 've ever owned . If I charge them for 30 mins , I can get an hour of use out of them while I 'm waiting for rechargeables that DO work to charge . They have to be charged immediately before use because they do not hold a charge when stored . Waiting until my charger 's led goes out kills all charge in these , and makes them hot -LRB- scary -RRB- . I 've had the same four for 4 years -LRB- I guess the only plus is that I can still use them as standbys -RRB- , and I 've tried various charging times and chargers , with no luck getting them to hold a charge . I have bought the most generic cheap rechargeables I could find and they still work volumes better than these . Do n't waste your money or add more landfill waste by buying these .
 I made a horrible mistake purchasing this DURACELL battery product . The batteries do not hold a significant charge . Upon arrival - I fully charged ALL batteries . Then I put two into a clock and within three weeks , the clock is losing time . I went to replace the worn-down batteries but the three week old charged batteries were tapped-out . I would NEVER have wasted so much MONEY on this product , I 'd rather keep a stock of traditional batteries .
 I 'm sure they work IF you can get them on . I could hardly get them on my toes so did n't go any further . They are SO tight with very little give .
 Contrary to what the post stated , the product was not in stock.We ordered it Dec 23 and I had to cancel my order Jan 12 , two weeks later . I was not sent an email in the meantime explaining this . I had to contact them and ask where my products were!They got back to me quickly via email when I asked where the package was.Unfortunately , the product was still not in stock and I never received the product I wanted . Had to go elsewhere .
 This thing squeezes way too hard -LRB- and ca n't be adjusted -RRB- . I only used it twice and my thumb was numb all day . And I 'm not a wimpy guy . Or maybe I am , judging by the other reviews . I sent it back the same day and received a full refund minus $ 3 for the super saver shipping .
 The set was advertised as `` Ceramic '' . Well , after a few months the `` ceramic '' peeled off in all the items and was left with metal , hopefully stainless.The item itself is not bad . . brush does its work and the razor is as good as all Mach are . But , I am bothered about the misleading advertising .
 I loved it when I got it about 6 months ago . The problem is that the white `` ceramic '' is just painted stainless steel , and the paint will chip away . Also , the brush fell apart recentley . Go higher end , or go cheap . This was a waist on $ $
 I received this set as a gift from my wife . I loved it at first . It looked good on the counter , the stand was solid , the chrome and ceramic matched my wife 's decor , the razor had a solid heft and seemed to give a closer shave than even the turbo razor itself . I loved it . Then , after about 2 months , the handle , which is apparently a ceramic sleeve over a metal shaft , became loose causing the blade to spin on the handle . If you try to shave with a 2 piece razor with a spinning blade you 're asking for your first dueling scar . Ouch ! Thought I could unscrew the end of the handle , slide off the ceramic , add a dab of Gorilla Glue , put it back together , and voila , good as new . Try as I might , I have been unable to unscrew anything , rendering the razor unusable . If you want something that looks good sitting next to the bathroom basin go for it . If you want to shave with it , spend a little more and buy something else .
 The item has a good heft and feel to it . However , the stand was wobbly out of the box due to a loose nut in the base . The only way to tighten it up is to remove the felt covering on the base . The base began to show rust within a month of using it . I am very disappointed in this purchase .
 Everything looks nice on the stand , but it all fell apart when I tried to use the set to actually shave . For one , the razor is held together by a length of all-thread running down the middle that is little too short . I 'll replace it with a longer piece from the hardware store when I get a chance . In the mean time , I 'm using a different razor to shave with . Also , the brush keeps losing bristles . This is only the second shaving brush that I 've owned , so I do n't know if that 's normal for a breaking-in period , but the first brush I owned did n't do that -LRB- Tweezerman brand -RRB- .
 I ordered this item on November 19 , 2012 for a price of $ 66.00 . Item was missing the razor handle ; vendor refunded $ 20.00 towards cost of handle . I am now the owner of an incomplete razor kit . I also just discovered the price of this item has now dropped to $ 46.00 .
 I was very surprised that this product was not at all what I thought it would be . I felt as though I had been ripped off . The price was very high and the product was nothing as advertised . The brush is very large which made it difficult to spread on my lashes without getting on my eye lids . The color was not as black as advertised . I should have just stuck to my Maybeline mascara .
 I had bought this Dior mascara thinking it would be as good as the first time I bought it a few years ago when shopping at Sephora cosmetics in the city . Wow , was I in for a disappointment ! Originally it had given me full and long lashes with just a few applications . The best I ever used . That was over 5 years ago . I guess the quality has changed radically . I was so happy when it arrived but when I opened it up and began to use it I noticed right away that it seemed dried out and difficult to get any real mascara on my lashes . It took many , many applications just to get any noticable change . I bought a $ 7 dollar mascara at my local market chain that works 100 % better then this $ 28 . dollar junk . What a peice of ... well , you know . Forgetaboutit ! Keep your cheaper brand and do n't buy this . I ca n't belive I threw away this much money on this stuff .
 Just did n't like the mascara . Might as well wear nothing just from the way it looked . The mascara seemed a bit old .
 mascara was dry and clumpy . seemed old . packaging very cheap . paint flaking off tube i am not sure if this legit priduct , very unhappy
 This started out fantastic , and it was particularly good as separating lashes . Unfortunately , it very shortly started drying and clumping . Within a couple months , I could no longer use it and it was tossed out.I am very careful with my makeup -- especially my expensive makeup -- and this was always tightly sealed and used only a few times a week . It was never pumped.At this price , mascara should last much longer and behave much better . I am very disappointed . I doubt I 'll buy another Dior product ever again .
 I did not like this product at all ! The mascara did not go on smoothly , it was clumpy and required me to use a brush to make it look `` somewhat '' natural , it 's very heavy masacra . At the end of the day I had little black flakes under my eyes .
 Always on the prowl for the best mascara -LRB- my biggest concerns being the brush and whether or not it will leave those faint grey smudges under my eyes from flaking -RRB- , I read that Allure recommended this one 3 years in a row as the Best Mascara . I will admit that I love the brush and the way it goes on . But , from day one , it flakes and I get smudges under my eyes . I was told by a Mac representative that that means the mascara is old and needs to be replaced . That was true for my last mascara -LRB- Mac -RRB- , but either I purchased old Dior mascara , or Dior is just overrated -LRB- and probably pays Allure for that # 1 spot -RRB- . So , I guess I 'm out $ 24 , and will go back to the Mac counter and buy there . When you find something good , stick with it ! Also , I was n't expecting the mascara to smell so perfumy ! Ugh . I hate perfumes .
 I do n't know what 's wrong with it but it 's totally different quality I 'm so disappointed I used to buy it for 4 years one after one all the time and I know how it should work I 'll never ever buy it again from hereAnd of course I ca n't return it now coz I already used it ITS TOTALT FAKE PRODUCT I dont know who wrote that great reviews
 I had n't seen this mascara before I bought it online and I have to say I 'm petite and the wand is gigantic ! I feel like when I 'm putting it on its like a huge bumble bee with out the buzzing . It applies okay overall nothing overly impressive . I think I 'll stick to my Lancome Definicils .
 THE DIORSHOW MASCARA I PURCHASED WAS FAKE , I EMAILED THEM AND WAS REFUNDED WITHIN HOURS , DONT BUY FROM THESE GUYS !
 Sephora suggested this product and by the reviews of the public on various websites , I plunked down the 20 or 30 something for it . First off , the brush is way too big . If you are petite like I am and have small eyes/eyelash space you will end up making a huge mess with the brush . I am a big fan of Christian Dior -LRB- do n't get me wrong , they make the best eyeshadow -RRB- but this mascara just was n't for me . I have had better luck with the Loreal `` ball '' mascara -LRB- black and red tube -RRB- . I wo n't be buying it again . You can save your money and get something a lot better .
 I bought this and had to return it . It gives length , but not much volume.It 's clumpy and hard to remove -- you might accidently remove some lashes and then you 'll REALLY need volumizing mascaraDoes n't live up to the hype and is definitely overpriced
 I 'm sure they work IF you can get them on . I could hardly get them on my toes so did n't go any further . They are SO tight with very little give .
 Contrary to what the post stated , the product was not in stock.We ordered it Dec 23 and I had to cancel my order Jan 12 , two weeks later . I was not sent an email in the meantime explaining this . I had to contact them and ask where my products were!They got back to me quickly via email when I asked where the package was.Unfortunately , the product was still not in stock and I never received the product I wanted . Had to go elsewhere .
 My wife and I tried this a few times , and although it provides a pleasant tickle , it does not have a deep or solid enough throb to bring her to orgasm . She found it more distracting than pleasing , and now it sits unused in a drawer .
 I 'll say one thing . It is small to carry around . But weak . The vibrations are too light to do anything . Great for starters or those more sensitive to touch .
 It was very hard to actually feel this on my `` tired , achy muscles '' -LRB- or however the description puts it -RRB- . I could feel it vibrating on my finger , but that 's about it . It 's a little noisy and awkward . I would n't recommend the product .
 It is not very powerful . But , i guess for the size it is ok . Not very stimulating , not much `` buzz '' . Not satifying at all .
 Well , I ordered this item in hopes it could be a Valentine 's Day `` surprise '' . I continued to track the order and finally contacted the seller -LRB- Healthy and Active -RRB- when it did not ship . They responded back and stated that the item was out of stock , would I like to wait until it is in stock or be refunded ? Really ? Do n't take my money unless you have the product to ship ! And it would be nice to know , since the estimated shipping date had passed that you did not even have the item in stock . I am VERY disappointed in with this company 's lack to communication and customer service . And I do n't have a gift now ! GRRR ...
 I do n't get the ` twisted ' part of these , all i saw was a thicker end that was shaped a little funny , more like some kind of manufacturing error , plain condoms feel better than these do-they do n't have a thick end to dull sensations , I 'd rather get the ` pleasure mesh ' or ` her pleasure ' by trojan , those you can actually see and really feel the textureThis review may only legally be shown directly on Amazon.com
 I 'm sure they work IF you can get them on . I could hardly get them on my toes so did n't go any further . They are SO tight with very little give .
 Contrary to what the post stated , the product was not in stock.We ordered it Dec 23 and I had to cancel my order Jan 12 , two weeks later . I was not sent an email in the meantime explaining this . I had to contact them and ask where my products were!They got back to me quickly via email when I asked where the package was.Unfortunately , the product was still not in stock and I never received the product I wanted . Had to go elsewhere .
 Followed the directions carefully for quite a long time . They are a bit large to have to take 3 at once . But the real issue is that they did nothing for me . No notable change in any aspect of my body . I expected to at least feel a little perkier and maybe have my nails grow better . But &#8230; nothing . Why bother ?
 I 've been looking at the MSM powders so that I can more easily get the higher doses -LRB- I read that one expert recommended a daily dosage as high as 10,000 mg -RRB- as I have allergies and want to make sure my cells can use the sulphur to push out toxins in our highly toxic modern day environment . I think chucking it down like a dirty sailor is going to be worth forgoing the capsules . I called Source Naturals , and the rep called the supplier and personally asked himself , and was told their MSM is derived from methanol -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- ... . a petroleum source -RRB- and is synthetic.I also called NOW , who said that they get their MSM from wood pulp , from trees in Asia . Omica is the best as they also derive theirs from a natural source/wood pulp , but from trees on the U.S. east coast . Omica also states they are the only company that carbon dates their supply and can provide proof that their product is sourced from trees , though I have no reason to believe NOW would be lying . By definition , none are going to be organic apparently as growing organic pine trees and then harvesting would be insanely cost prohibitive/impossible , so I 'm going with NOW . Omica is twice the price , and when I called this week , was told that per the dwindling availability from their supplier that their price is going to rise by 50 % making it triple the price of NOW , so I 'm just going to take my chance with the Asian trees -LRB- I do n't know what their regions laws are on what pesticides or whatever have been approved , but I also know that the ones in the US are n't exactly pure as the driven snow either -RRB- ... . what 's a non billionaire sulfur depleted girl to do ?
 With a name like Natural Source I should have know better . I called the company -LRB- now that I am on my second container -RRB- only to find out it is a synthetic source not a natural one at all . Do your homework . . I am sorry I did n't It comes from DMSO !! Mine will be going in the trash . I will purchase the next tub from David Wolfe ... a name I trust .
 The product itself is great , but Amazon 's price is $ 20-25 more than other vendors online or in stores . Even with shipping , it 's cheaper to buy it from another vendor along with other Source Naturals products like Chlorella and Spirulina .
 I gave SAM-e a try , but bought the Nature Made Complete brand -LRB- 200 mg -RRB- . I noticed a positive difference in my mood and energy level . I do n't mean that I felt an overwhelming since of euphoria or anything like that ... at least that was n't the case from my experience . The difference was subtle , yet noticiable . I did n't tell my wife I had started taking it , yet she also noticed the difference . I decided to keep taking it , and switched to this , less expensive option . I do believe there is a difference in what you get . I have noticed no benefit at all from the Source Naturals brand . I 'll continue to take it since I paid for it , but I wish I had stayed with Nature Made and will switch back over to them once these are gone . -LRB- no , I do not work for Nature Made ! -RRB-
 I started taking the Spring Valley brand in January and loved it , better moods , less joint pain and the diet I 've been on for the last year finally started working . I lost 25 lbs in 2.5 months . Then I switched to the source naturals to save money . It was twice the quantity for the same price . I noticed a difference within a week . I 'm irritated , moody and depressed again and my joint pain has increased . I tried doubling the dose , but saw no effect . I 'm going back to the Spring Valley brand .
 This is labeled a `` floss-pick '' but it is a plastic , pliable toothpick . It has no floss -LRB- string -RRB- . My teeth are tight so this item does not remove anything in-between my teeth . It is does provide gum massage . This is also a non-returnable item to Amazon -LRB- catigorized as a `` grocery '' item -RRB- .
 Guess you get what you pay for ... These batteries have such a very short usage life span . Will not ever purchase again !
 cheap but VERY SHORT LASTING , these things will last less than 2 months , usually 1 month tops
 Dont get this . It is a piece of junk which will not last you even a few days of light use .
 The batteries were bought as a filler to get free shipping.They arrived , as the title says , DOA . Would you replace them with working batteries?Thank youMark M. Feinstein
 Simply put , yes , they are beautiful ... but no , they are n't good for drinking in general . I have tried 8 varieties ... and they were all very bland and musty tasting ... If ALL you want is an expensive but still natural decoration , while I 'd personally buy a flower ... this is intriguing , sure ... but ultimately , who wants to pay a small fortune for weak , bleak tea ?!?
 This product mixes poorly , remaining gritty even after vigorous shaking . This grit will quickly settle to the bottom requiring more shaking . Furthermore it caused an unpleasant sharp sensation in the back of my throat . Worst of all , from day one it caused copious amounts of extreamly sulphurous flatulence and some loose stool . By day four it had become diarrhea . I can not recommend this product .
 I 'm sure this is a great item and my rating is for the seller , not the item . Since I have n't received it , I ca n't yet rate it . I really would like to have received this product that I ordered from seller HealioHealth on October 30 , 2010 because I 've had a sore left knee for 8 months . HealioHealth ignores all communication , has zero customer service and no desire to make an effort to solve problems . Please be sure to read a sellers profile and feedback ratings or you could be sorry . You should only order from sellers with a 98 % and above rating . HealioHealth has a 73 % feedback rating with customer comments stating this seller should be off of Amazon . I agree ! Indeed , eBay would have kicked them off at a 95 % rating . Many other sellers sell this product and I would strongly suggest you shop from a different seller . This is a public service message .
 This was the first time I 'd used any shaving gel . In general , I did n't find the product to be that useful . I do n't feel that it provided a closer shave than without using it and thus I would n't recommend it .
 My original introduction to this product was when they were the company behind the Crabtree and Evelyn comfort pac . After 2 years I inquired at C&E and found out they no longer carried this item . I went to the source and bought one . Within one month , after the recommended 2 minutes in the microwave the product burst with flaxseed everywhere . Thinking it was a onetime defect , I bought another . Once again , problems . This one caught on fire in the microwave after 1 minute and 30 seconds . Never again !! I see why C&E decided not to carry them anymore .
 I like that the cover is washable ... but because the cover is so thick , it does n't provide the heat that one with a thinner cover provides .
 Smells nice , really soft , but does n't get that warm . i might as well just put my pillow in the microwave .
 I had a trial pack of 6 of similar detox pads . Every morning that I used these , I woke up and threw away the smelly , icky pad . Seemed like it did something . So I bought this 100 pack.After using them for a few days , I read up on wikipedia about all the scientific tests , etc that were done and it was verified that these do not work . So I asked myself , than why do they change colors and stink when I used them ? As a test , I put a slightly wet paper towel on one over night . The next day it was smelly and icky like it was on my foot.Bottom line is these are a hoax . . they 're snake oil . Your feet is not the type of membrane that can support a detox . That icky pad in the morning is from moisture , not toxins.Save yourself the trouble , buy some pills , change your diet , and accept the fact that you ca n't throw money at a problem and just work out a little bit each day .
 This was smaller than I had realized . The fabric is an odd fuzzy blue material rather than a soft flannel or cotton . The smell is nice though .
 You could n't beat the price for these gels , but the taste is just awful . I 've been running for years , so I 'm used to taking gels on the run without water - ca n't do it with these .
 Hammer gel is a ton better . I love Clif Bars and thought this would be good but it tastes like you are eating molasses and that is what it tastes like . Might be good on a bisquit but when you are sucking them down mountain biking not a good combo . They were super cheap and now I know why . Maybe a different flavor would be better than the Mango . Go with Hammer gel , I really get an extra energy kick with them and the flavors are good .
 I 'm currently trying to consume one of these while writing this . I have the strawberry version , because I genuinely do not mind fake strawberry taste . What I got , though , was not strawberry . It was an almond-like taste with strawberry highlights . An odd combination , when not on some sort of pastry . The gel is gooey and is reminds me of all the slimy science fiction monsters I 've seen in movies . I ca n't help but think a couple of aliens from the Alien movies are stuck in a factory , drooling in to these packets ; the texture is pretty thick , and it quickly turns to a highly viscous fluid when meeting the mouth . The initial taste is extremely bitter , and then rolls in to the almond , and trailed by a short burst of slight strawberry taste that quickly leaves you , as if it 's off to find greener pastures in other processed energy supplements . The taste alone gives me chills.If you 're used to eating borderline scary food , hey , maybe this is n't so bad . This gel , however , is so awful in texture and so peculiar in taste that I ca n't recommend it on that , alone . I 'm sure if you could get it down , say as an eclectic spread on toast , it would do it 's job . I would n't know , though , because I can barely stomach a fourth of this thing .
 Cliff brand goo is the best I 've found do far . It provides steady energy within 15 minutes of use . Raspberry flavor is great .
 I usually buy GU gels but I 'm running a marathon sponsored by Clif so I thought I 'd give them a shot . They are horrible ! They taste like Rolaids dissolved in gel except a higher concentration of Rolaid than gel . They are also gritty . They gave me no energy whatsoever . I 'll stick with the GU .
 I 've only tried the Strawberry flavor and it literally made me sick . It tastes SO awful to me - very salty . I immediately felt nauseous after consuming this - was too busy feeling sick to tell if it gave me energy . I understand it works great for some people though . Definitely try it out before a big race or training session to see how it works for you .
 This product -LRB- Clif Shot Gel Double Espresso -RRB- was made with rice syrup . Now it contains Maltodextrin . The taste and texture are different and IMHO not good.I will not be buying this product in the future .
 These are made with green tea extract , not Kola nut extract -LRB- like in the product description -RRB- .
 I was given one of these during a half-marathon race . I took a bite and spit it out because it was so disgusting . I was tempted to run back and throw it at the person handing them out .
 I bought this flavor of Clif Shot because it was the cheapest and I learned to pay the extra for the Mocha -LRB- 5 Star -RRB- flavor . Overall the gel is good but I 'm not a big fan of the cherry chocolate flavor .
 The taste of the Clif Shot Energy Gel Mocha is that of chewing tobacco . The first thing I thought when I squeezed this into my mouth was `` Levi Garrett '' or `` Redman Golden Blend . '' It was all I could do to keep from vomiting because it tasted like I was swallowing a mouthful of chew spit .
 Took this with Raspberry ketones and they had no effect . After a couple of weeks , I went back to the Super Hoodia 2000 -LRB- by Life Smart Labs , Inc. -RRB- and Reveratrol Diet -LRB- by natrol -RRB- pills I had been taking . These 2 have helped to dull my cravings and curb my appetite . These pills have made it easier to change over to the strict whole food , vegan diet that I plan to keep for the rest of my life ! I 've dropped 20lbs and almost cured my chonic fatigue that the drs have n't been able to help with at all ! But - both of those results are from the change in diet , not the pills . The pills just make it a little easier to stick to the diet !
 I 'm on a huge CLA kick since I lost 15 pounds using supplements recommended by the Dr. Oz show . I bought CLA extreme because it contains L-Carnitine which is a pricey supplement to buy on it 's own . My issue with CLA Extreme is that I did n't see any results . I was afraid to up the dosage because this contains other stimulants and I did n't want to be jittery . I 'm going back to regular CLA + taking a super b complex vitamin for weight loss .
 I tried this based on what I read on the internet . For me it was a waste of time and money . Did not give me energy and I saw no change .
 the smell was nothing like tuberoseit was very over poweringi had to throw it out
 I have plantar fasciitis . Wearing a night splint is supposed to help with the healing . This is a well-made night splint . The materials are very nice . However , the design of the angle , which dorsiflexes your foot past 90 degrees is too uncomfortable . As you roll around in bed trying to get comfortable with this thing , your foot begins to slide upwards ever so slightly to the more natural 90 degree flexion , which then compresses your toes against the bottom plate . Then your toes go to sleep . After about two hours , you ca n't stand the pain in your toes and take the boot off and throw it out of bed . I do not recommend this item . I went back to just wrapping my foot/ankle with an Ace wrap to try and hold it as close to a 90 degree position as possible . Even this can get uncomfortable , but its better than the rigid night splint .
 The Plantar Facitis Night Splint did not fit . It was size Large but the leg calf area was made so narrow there was no way to get my leg into it . Plus it upper velcro strap was at least 3 inches too short .
 I have plantar fasciitis . Wearing a night splint is supposed to help with the healing . This is a well-made night splint . The materials are very nice . However , the design of the angle , which dorsiflexes your foot past 90 degrees is too uncomfortable . As you roll around in bed trying to get comfortable with this thing , your foot begins to slide upwards ever so slightly to the more natural 90 degree flexion , which then compresses your toes against the bottom plate . Then your toes go to sleep . After about two hours , you ca n't stand the pain in your toes and take the boot off and throw it out of bed . I do not recommend this item . I went back to just wrapping my foot/ankle with an Ace wrap to try and hold it as close to a 90 degree position as possible . Even this can get uncomfortable , but its better than the rigid night splint .
 This splint did not work for my plantar problem . My heel had a tendency to move forward even with the straps at its tightest . The sole of the splint should be pointed toward the shin to some degree ; instead it is just straight . I wear a 5.5 shoe so i ordered a size small . The fabric of the splint makes the foot hot . I do not recommend this product .
 I read somewhere that this product would be good for what ails you . However , it was not good for me . My system did n't like whatever 's in it , and I got sick . Nothing against the product , it was just me .
 Once I received the product I learned that Magnesium stearate and Stearic Acid is n't good for you . I 'll stick to USDA organic or 100 organic products . I never used the product .
 Curcumin is absorbed poorly . It needs another ingredient such as piperazine or phytosomes to enhance absorption . How come so many positive reviews from a sup that is poorly absorbed ? There should be a study on all you 5 star reviewers .
 Heat Wave packets were too large to fit in my glove or mits . Never tried to activate it , as it was too large for application . Dimensions not specified in description .
 From the very first attempt to boil/charge these , one of them just re-crystallized upon cooling . The other one works okay , but does n't put off heat for very long -LRB- about an hour or so -RRB- . For the same price , you can buy about 70 of those disposable hand Warner 's that last for 6-8 hours . I regret buying these .
 I am returning them due to the fact they never heat up . They simply do not work and I am greatly disappointed as they were a gift for a senior family member.HEAT WAVE Instant Reusable Hand Warmers - 1 pair
 Maybe its me , but once you use this item it appears its ruined . It does the trick on first use , but after that I was unable to get it back to its original form . Maybe it was faulty .
 The second time I wore this brace , the rubber by the thumb broke . Without that piece , the whole thing is worthless .
 I wear wrist braces at night , and the closure latches on these often do n't stay closed . Not very effective , if they do n't stay on ! Also , the adjustment strap did not stay tightly in place . I had to keep tightening it every few weeks.I tried wearing them for typing , but the rubber piece across the thumb rubbed and caused irritation ; it also kept me from typing accurately.On a bright note , these are very open and your hands do n't sweat.All in all , I would never buy these again . The store I bought them from did n't allow returns .
 This is almost a well designed product , but having broken with 16 hours of having received it , this brace needs improvement . The slim light grey strap of plastic which goes between the thumb and index finger simply broke while I slept . Otherwise the design is light and the rest of the design works well . The velcro adjustment straps which hold the main portion of the brace tightly against the wrist flop around and sort of get in the way . There must be a simple easy disign an improvement to make these two straps less intrusive . If those two flaws are addressed , -LRB- and they would be easy changes -RRB- this brace would be perfect as it light yet otherwise strong .
 The brace felt very comfortable at first , and seemed like it was going to work for me . However , the thin gray strip of rubber/plastic that goes around the thumb broke within 3 hours of wear . I sent it back for a full refund .
 I bought it thinking I could use it for those long coding/gaming sessions , but no . It takes up way too much real estate in the palm of my hand . I unconsciously feel like taking it off after awhile of trying to use it with the pc . One more note , G9x mouse + this NO GOOD . I am sure this would be fine for other uses but this is n't some miracle worker for any person who - really - uses a computer -LRB- not you email/docs people -RRB- . That is all .
 Hello Dear Seller.Please , cheack all the Expired date of your products , before send it . Because this item has problem whit the flavor , It is different to the firts that I bought to the same seller . I bought two times the same Super Amino Grape flavor , and the second has a flavor very different to the first . It was a bad flavor . and when i check the expired date , it is out of day.Thanks
 This was much tighter than expected and was not comfortable to wear . I though about trying a larger size , but instead went with a full sleeve model that is working great .
 I used this only a couple of times -LRB- then found a great Physical Therapist -RRB- while running . I found it dug into the back of my leg -LRB- popliteal area -RRB- . It was also hot and uncomfortable in general . I 'm not sure if if helped much because all I noticed was how much it was digging in and how hot it was .
 After a week of heavy use , this product became stretched out and now slips down my leg when just walking around - let alone exercising . It 's now only usable when I 'm sleeping or sitting around for long periods -LRB- both exactly the times it is n't needed . -RRB- It worked fantastically for about 10 hours of heavy exercise and 40 hours of walking-only use , but is now worthless .
 The Pro-Tec Athletics short sleeve knee support was to large and did n't fit well . I needed a large knee support , but did n't know if I was able to return the item .
 The brace broke my leg out with red hives and I could n't wear it any more . I 'll try sale it to someone who can use it .
 I ordered one bottle of this product to test it out . I wanted a natural supplement to kick up my metabolism in additon to my exercise program.I have been walking one hour 6 days a week and have cut back on my eating . I did not notice any additional fat loss or weight loss from the use of this product . Any inch loss and weight loss can only be from the exercise and decrease in eating.Disappointed AGAIN !!
 I was in love with Sal Suds before I investigated all of the ingredients on the EWG website . Unfortunately the second ingredient `` Coco-Betaine '' aka , Cocamidopropyl betaine was voted 2004 ALLERGEN OF THE YEAR by American Contact Dermatitis Society . Dr. B. website states
 Never got to use product after product was received damaged and leaking!Claim filed with supplier of product!Point of failure for the damaged 1 gallon bottle of soap was not caused by shipping , but was an effect of improper packaging . There is a high probability for failure when ... 1 . The packing box is too small and the packed product causes the top and bottom of the box to buldge as there is no give with a heavy 1 gallon jug of soap !! 2 . The material used to absorb and protect the product during transit is PACKING PEANUTS !! Need I say more ?! Product seal was broken open in transit causing about approximately 4 oz of product to leak into box creating A GOOEY mess for end user , me who is balancing a move to another city and leaking roof + windows and a mother in hospital , to clean up and contemplate on the sterility of the open product !!!! Please resolve this issue asap!BTW , I called the business earlier and had to leave voicemail and as yet , no return call.This really is n't the best introduction for a new customer who uses online shopping over 75 % of time due to disabilities .
 I bought this brace because I was having terrible knee pain due to fibromyalgia that was keeping me awake all night . This was one of 4 different knee pillows or braces I bought to try to calm my knee pain so I could sleep . The pillow section did nothing to help my pain . It is uncomfortable and hard . It is filled with what they call `` comfort beads '' , which were not very comfortable at all to me . This purchase was made from a company called DMS Melange that sells hard to find and discontinued items . Therefore , Amazon had nothing to do with my bad return experience . I have always had good experiences when I wanted to return something to Amazon.I ended up throwing the brace away because DMS Melange made it difficult and expensive to return it . I would 've had to pay my own shipping charges to ship it back to them , plus a fee . In the end , I think I would 've gotten back about $ 4.00 for all of my trouble.It 's too bad because I think a product of this kind -LRB- a knee pillow or brace -RRB- is a very personal thing that each person has to try before they really know if it is right for them . I can tell you my experience and others can tell you theirs , but with this kind of product -- you can really only judge it for yourself . But that 's difficult to do when you know that if you need to return it , the company is going to give you a hard time and charge you all kinds of fees etc.I 'm glad many other people had such a good experience with this product . However , I ca n't add my name to that list .
 I bought these hoping they 'd be a lower-strength alternative to the prescription anxiety meds I have . I did n't notice any change in my overall levels of anxiety . Maybe it has worked for others , but I think this was a waste of money for me .
 Thought this would take the ` edge ' off , but it did n't , but to be fair I did n't give it an extended testing of 30 days or more to metabilize into my sys. . Who knows , maybe it 'll work for someone else . Does n't seem to have any effect at all . Was n't for me . On the expensive side too .
 i take alot of supplements for fibromyalgia , anxiety and depression and i saw all the great reviews on this and thought i would give it a try since im so anxious all the time and am sick of taking xanex . . not sure how long im supposed to wait to notice effects - weeks ? months ? it doesnt say . . people are acting like it was an immediate difference but i didnt notice feeling happier or calmer and ive been taking them about a week , so i dont know . . i would say that its great if they work for you but i think im going to return mine .
 The idea is great , but they are way to small even for the average size persons head . Hopefully they will read this and make the strap adjustable . Clics would sell millions more if the do .
 These glasses do not work . not only do they look cheap -LRB- worst of plastic ever ! -RRB- they do not fit anyone properly !! and the lenses are even worst ! they fog up so easily , scratch even with tissue and none of the four i bought have the right prescribed reading grade . save your money - not even worth a penny . ''
 I wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing two pair of these glasses as a gift . I guess it was also my fault for not reading the fine print to know that I had only 30 days in which to return the brand new , unused items . Since I purchased them in advance , and they were n't given as a gift until after the 30 day deadline , I 'm unable to return them without taking a significant loss -LRB- I can get only 80 % of the value plus I have to pay postage . They definitely do NOT fit someone who has even a slightly larger than normal head .
 The product does not work as shown in the photo unless the bag is very thin because the rod needs room to fit in to the other piece . With a thicker bag it does n't fit . I even tried A bag as thick as Kettle Chips .
 This product caused extreme flatulance and mild diarrhea . I had to stop taking it after two weeks .
 This stuff does not work at all ! I tried this because it was the only one of the lens repair solutions that did n't have negative feedback , save yourself money and do not buy this product . It looks just like nail polish and leaves the same kind of film on your lenses .
 Horrible product . It leaves lint like residue from the applicator that dries to a hard finish . Yes , it can be removed readily with the cleaner , but the applicator leaves thin-threads on the lenses with every application . Do n't buy this product .
 This item did not work for me . It left my glasses foggy and blurred ! I had to use alcohol to remve residue so that I could see through my glasses again !
 This product does not work . It left streaks on my glasses plus it did not come off with the cleaner so it has messed up an expensive set of glasses . Do n't waste your time with this product . You will just waste your money and not like the results .
 Easy to use because it glides into tight spaces , but after a year of using this product , my hygienist said it was n't sufficient to remove plaque because it is too thin . She recommended using the thickest floss I could get between my teeth . Now that I have 12 rolls of this , I double it up so it is thicker , and use it that way . When I go through these rolls , I 'll start buying the woven floss from now on .
 This wo n't apply to everyone . I regularly get migraines and am very careful of what I put in my body . I took this three times and all three times , I ended up with migraines . I sent these back .
 These taste yummy , but they are just an organic source of sugar . There 's no fiber and there 's no nutritional benefit . It 's a whole lot smarter to eat some dried fruit .
 I bought the Sharkies because the ingredients -LRB- while still basically just sugar -RRB- were more wholesome than most other sports chews . I wo n't buy Sharkies again , though , because they are so darn sticky . Both my daughter and I tried them and they were so sticky our jaws stuck together and the chews did n't melt near as well as other brands I 've tried . I do appreciate that there are no fake ingredients , but with a product like this , there has to be ease of use for a repeat purchase . We will finish them , but preferHoney Stinger Organic Energy Chews , Pink Lemonade , 1.8-Ounces Bags -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- instead because they are n't as stiff and waxy asClif Shot Bloks , Strawberry , Pack of 18 -LRB- thereby quicker to eat on the run and quicker to digest in the stomach without random gooey pieces stuck between our teeth -RRB- . I do n't need to pull out a tooth or flash a chunky grin with a product that 's supposed to be supporting me !
 These Sharkies were outdated when I received them , and I was informed online that they are not returnable . I have been on the phone for fifteen minutes with an Amazon representative who is impossible to understand , and keeps asking the same questions over and over . WORST EXPERIENCE EVER on Amazon .
 I hate to be the downer , but I really do not like these . They are incredibly dense and sticky . They get stuck in your teeth incredibly easily and it 's basically a lot of work to chew even half a pack . I like other chews I 've gotten much more than these , so I tried to give these away to my boyfriend , but he does n't like them either . The flavor 's okay , but they should work on the texture .
 Was not what I thought it was going to be per printed description . Photo misleading . Had to send it back .
 Disappointed , no instructions for use . Was suppose to be a 3-pound weight but instead was an empty bag . I returned the product .
 I 've been buying products on Amazon for about five years , and this is the first time I have ever reviewed a product . I wish it were because I was excited about how great this product is ... This stuff tastes HORRIBLE -LRB- wild strawberry flavor -RRB- . I drink a lot of nasty stuff for my workouts , but this one tops the charts . Two nights in a row I have -LRB- barely -RRB- downed a serving of this product and have never tasted a worse protein drink . Both nights I had to stop myself from throwing it back up , and the burpy aftertaste is just as bad . I wish I had looked into more reviews of this because its SO horrible that I know I ca n't be the only person who thinks it.I 've been using Optimum 100 % whey until now and after I throw this bag out I 'll be going back . I hate wasting money but there is no way I could ever finish this bag , and I would never give it away - it just tastes that bad . I would have given it 2 stars instead of 1 because of the nutrition label , but what good is 60 grams of protein and almost no fat if you ca n't drink it ?
 The ColPac loses its cool too soon so we need to put it into our freezer often . Other sources of cooling last much longer -LRB- for less money -RRB-
 Another product I fell for because I love the scent of lavender . However , using even THREE sheets in the dryer and no discerable transfer of scent to cloths or linens . A waste of money .
 I can hardly even smell anything , I put it in the dryer , but did not smell a fragrance . Not worth the price .
 Terrible pen - I think it is counterfeit since it does n't appear to be of the same cross quality I am used to . When I twist the barrel to lower the ballpoint it grinds - fit and finish is terrible . I am returning the pen to Amazon and will look into how to determine Chinese counterfeit Cross Pens before I buy in the future .
 I use to always buy the Capuccino Ice then stopped for about 6 months . When I purchased it again , it was renamed Capuccino and the recipe changed -LRB- looks like no caffeine -RRB- . It now tastes just as bad as the rest of the protein shakes on the market . What happened ? It use to taste great !! Get on the ball EAS and go back to the old recipe !!!
 Avoid this product . If you are unaware , Parabens are endocrine disruptors and this product contains TWO . If you are trying to balance your estrogen dominance you do n't want to lather on parabens . Please be aware that products containing chemicals know as paraben are Estrogenic . There are four parabens with different prefixes but all ending in - paraben.Avoid these products.Think DES , DDT and Parabens - all bad for you , your children and the environment .
 I use to always buy the Capuccino Ice then stopped for about 6 months . When I purchased it again , it was renamed Capuccino and the recipe changed -LRB- looks like no caffeine -RRB- . It now tastes just as bad as the rest of the protein shakes on the market . What happened ? It use to taste great !! Get on the ball EAS and go back to the old recipe !!!
 Before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . I have a number of older Cross pens that say `` USA '' near the top , and they are great pens . However , I have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . The top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . The first one I got , I sent it back to Cross for warranty repair under their `` lifetime guarantee , '' only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a `` handling fee '' attached.I was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . So later on when these new colors came out , I bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect.My advice
 These blue vinyl models only last a couple of months & then leak.Spend a dollar more & get ColPaC 's black Polyurethane models that are `` Designed for heavy clinical use '' .
 Contrary to how this item is described , there are no ` safety straps to secure the solid back to wheelchair ' , with no way to attach cushion to the wheelchair , the cushion would not stay in place , and would be a constant source of frustration ; I returned the one I had ordered .
 We ordered this rose oil as we have in the past but this shipment smelled like a wet cat . I sent it back but they said it was not defective and charged me a restocking fee and the postage which amounted to 30 % of the cost . This is NOT a good company to deal with . I see now it is not stocked ... which proves that it was defective .
 Red Marine Algae is good for virus type things . I was on a hunt for the best price/best quality and I did n't find it here . So far Swanson 's is the best quality/best price . Swanson has a relationship with the Japanese and I think they have an `` in '' for better products from there .
 I have been taking the red marine algae for 1 month daily per instructions , there is no improvement or relief from the herpes virus breakouts . The shipping cost was much as the product with NO results , do n't waste your money !
 I tried this model for a long time . The blade consistantly veared off to one side cutting the pill 75 % - 25 % with the 25 % side be crushed to poweder . i would give less than 1 star if i could .
 I read the good reviews of Wart Wonder and figured I would give this a try . I wanted to get rid of this wart on my leg . What harm could it do ? I have sensitive skin so I try to be careful of what I put on my skin . I had to stop use on day three -LRB- I should have stopped on day one -RRB- because my leg got a bad , what I thought was a rash . After going to the doctor he informed me that the `` creosote '' that Wart Wonder contains BURNED my skin . Thanks Wart Wonder ! I do n't just still have the wart but now I also have a burn mark that will most likely leave a scar . DO NOT BUY WART WONDER !
 I took this item because Dr. Oz said its good for allergies but when I took it , it made me soo sick that I could n't do anything for a month . My toliet was my best friend , and I could n't stay outside the restroom for long . It gotten soo bad that I went to the doctor and had to get anti-bacterial pills . It is best to stay away from this product.In spite of this terrible ordeal , the experience of others with this product may not be as horrid as mines , but lets just talk about what has happened to me . If you have this product , use with caution or do n't use it at all . Whatever we put in your body can help or harm us . We should n't gamble with our health.Here is a word of advice ; Always ask your doctor before you take any suggestion or supplement base on any television show . So that , you will not experience the hardship I have endured when using this product.Take care Amazon shoppers and Merry Christmas . Please enjoy this new year which is coming soon .
 I bought the -LRB- 3 -RRB- set . The theme is very simular . I listen to the CDs daily but not getting the changes I expected .
 It is to expensive , between the price you pay for it and the s/h charges it is double than the price you can pay to the regular market .
 Delivery was fine and on time.Unfortunately , it really did n't do a good job the 1st time , a second application was tried . The carpet to which the product was applied is old and possibly not the best selection for a test , Even with 2 applications , the traffic area was not really clean .
 I think this cleans as good as any product , and the price is right , so I gave it a `` hoot '' . Well , I did a 3x4 area and it looks so much better , but I will NEVER be able to get the residue out of the rug . Already cleaned the filter twice on the vacumm , and it 's going to need a good wash , and still residue leaving dust on the non-carpeted surfaces . Just hope it does n't hurt my cats when they get it in their paws and start licking ! I 'll never do this again , rather pay the $ 100 for a professional cleaning and have it done and over with . I 'll be paying for this mistake for weeks .
 They call it `` 200mg '' but in reality it is only 16mg of Resveratrol.This is very misleading.If they are willing to be misleading on their webpage and label , I would wonder about their quality control and contents as well.I wo n't trust them again .
 Product is a bit mis-leading as it indicates 200mg/capsule which would be a good high concentration of resveratrol -LRB- 3,4,5-trihydroxystilbene -RRB- but it is actually only 16mg/capsule -LRB- 8 % of 200 -RRB- . It is indicated on the bottle but not in the advertising . Price is not bad if you do n't mind swollowing a lot of capsules . The rat study was at 40mg/kg daily .
 Other reviewer said it , misleading labeling . the label says , exactly : Resveratrols -LRB- from 200mg Polygonum cuspidatum , 8 % total resveratrols -RRB- 16mgGrape seed extract -LRB- Vitis vinifera -RRB- -LRB- 95 % polyphenols -RRB- 50mgGrape skin extract -LRB- Ancellota lambrusco -RRB- -LRB- 95 % polyphenols -RRB- 100mgGreen tea extract -LRB- Camellia sinensis -RRB- -LRB- 45 % polyphenols -RRB- 200mgFirst , there is no such thing as `` resveratrols '' plural , just one compound , resveratrol , and second this contains 16mg of it NOT 200mg . That said
 They claim 200 mg , but its actually only 16 mg . I do n't know how they get away with such a blatantly misleading headline . I would n't trust the rest of the ingredients or purity given Jarrow 's willingness to try to trick customers.Competitors ' products have honest labeling and as a result , are much more cost effective.I 'm surprised Amazon allows Jarrow to continue to sell on their site .
 I do n't know if the other flavors are any better but this on was so gross I do n't even want to try other flavors
 I love licorice sticks , but these sticks have a perfume/cheap incense smell . The flavor is n't that strong , but it is a bit distracting . I 'd recommend buying natural flavor instead .
 I hoped this razor would condition like my other Norelco 's , and I like Norelco shavers , but his one has never shaved well in over 2 years of use . It is only OK for a quick shave but it leaves a lot of stubble and I do not have a heavy beard . I have cleaned and lubricated it regularly and changed the heads but no improvement . For a better shave I have returned to my older models even my old corded one with old heads does better , and an older cordless I travel with . I recommend avoiding this model and get the new 3D 1280 , or a Braun with the cleaner for a close shave if you get a newer model .
 The seller is top notch , but the Norelco shaver is sub-standard . I should have made sure it was on a par with the Quadra shavers they made several years ago , but it is similar to those now offered by Phillips Norelco . The new models are no where near as good as those made in the past . The speeds have been slowed to the point that a clean shave is unattainable . You can go over and over the same place time and again and still never obtain a good shave . The factory rep told me the new shavers were intentionally engineered to run slower to make them quieter . I do n't know why a company would intentionally ruin a superior product . The new shavers offered by them are a waste of money . Give me a noisier shaver any day if it will run faster and perform like the old ones !
 I bought it to replace an older Norelco , mainly because my old one could not hold a charge . The new one not only does not hold a candle to the old one as far as shaving , it feel like a cheap toy . I wish I would have returned it . Do n't buy one !
 Like many models I used in Norelco with electronic indicator , this one is equipped with die-down rechargeble battery -LRB- now it 's only up to the 2nd row of the hight on a full charge -RRB- . My old 5605X still has good battery to recharge as it does not have fancy electronic lighting charge indicator . Shall we say Norelco is not capable of developing a vital power battery on a customer affordable price ?
 Putting aside my belief that different types of toothpaste are just marketing gimmicks , I just did n't care for this one . It was too foamy and its taste was bland . Applying the two ingredients in equal amounts was also hard to do -- the consistency was too runny and I usually ended up using too much . If I needed a toothpaste for sensitive teeth , I 'd try something else .
 My husband has sensitive teeth and tested this product . First off , putting a full inch of product on the toothbrush was difficult . Squeezing the middle of the tube in order to get the paste and gel evenly distributed onto the brush was also a practice in patience . The product did n't cause discomfort but the aftertaste was not the usual '' `` minty-fresh '' '' he normally experiences when using his regular toothpaste . Overall , he was n't happy using Colgate Sensitive and was relieved to get back to his regular brand .
 Hoped fluoride-free , sensitive toothpaste would help sensitivity , but it did n't . Room temperature paste bothers sensitive teeth . Disappointed . Would not recommend .
 I 've been using this brand of supplements for decades . Thought the diabetic in me might benefit from this particular item . Not altogether sure but think the sudden rise in blood glucose that followed over a few days ' taking it resulted from this tablet . Stopped taking it . Blood sugar returned to something more manageable . Inductive reasoning is n't always scientific , but that 's my story and I 'm sticking to it .
 I was very unhappy with the quality of these wipes . They are a nice thickness but far too dry . I would not recommend the wipes at all .
 I do n't get it , the soft pack travel wipes have 30-40 wipes . This hard pack only has 16 wipes . For the same price with the soft package you get 2x as many wipes . I do n't think 16 wipes is enough to even get through the day if you 're traveling.These are soft flexible wipes that wo n't get damaged , why do they need to be in a hard case anyway ? The soft pack will hold them just fine and takes up less space . Plus with a soft pack you can feel how many wipes are left by squeezing it.It seems to be that this is a product where you are just paying for packaging and not product . Some executive needed to come up with a new product to sell and this was the junk he came up with . It 's a complete waste of money and in no way functional .
 Due to a recent diagnosis , my internist recommended Huggies Natural Care wipes instead of toilet paper . I just purchased a 80 unit pak but on review of your carton , no sign whether individual wipes are ` flushable ' as prominently displayed by your competitors on their package located on same self . Also , competitor clearly state , ` NO alcohol . ' What 's the scope Huggies ?
 Beware that the decades old formula -LRB- manufactured in the United States , yellow in color , with a sweet smell -RRB- for this lovely cream is no longer available . The company is now using instead the formula from its German manufacturer , which is white in color and has a medicinal odor . The new cream seems to do the job , but it 's a more run-of-the-mill product , its special character gone .
 Not the product advertised , not the product I ordered . This is a different cream from the same company , Weleda , and is often confused but I thought Amazon would have better quality control and service than this . The packaging is different -LRB- big flag -RRB- and , more importantly , the ingredients are very different .
 I liked the product info as it contained no harsh or carcinogenic chemicals but unfortunately received the product which was expired . I called the seller and got my refund back which is a good part of buying through Amazon . The seller 's carelessness about selling expired products to consumers , makes me think twice about the goodness of the product itself .
 After reading so many positive reviews of this toothpaste , I decided to give it a try . What a mistake ! Five seconds after washing my teeth with it my gums were red , slightly swollen and extremely painful . I will never ever use this toothpaste again . I wanted to try something natural without SLES , fluorid and all that but this toothpaste proved to be a poor choice -LRB- p.s. I do n't have sensitive gums , I have perfectly healthy gums ! -RRB- . My advice - try this product before you decide to buy it , otherwise it can turn to be an expensive mistake .
 I really wish Amazon would list ingredients in their vitamins so we know what we 're getting . In this instance , I was upset to see that taking the THREE vitamins a day you need with this bottle only amounts to 8 % of your daily needed value of calcium -LRB- 75mg -RRB- !! You get more calcium drinking a glass of MILK and that would be much , much cheaper . Do yourself a favor and do n't throw away money on this product . You can buy a whole-food calcium vitamin on Amazon called Rainbow Light , which has 50 % of your daily needed calcium -LRB- 500mg -RRB- and higher amounts of all other minerals/ingredients -LRB- e.g. magnesium -RRB- for a lot less money . I 'm going to try that next !
 Ordered this product . I was sent a substitute item . It was a topical desensitizer with lidocaine . Was not happy . Condom use desensitizes more than enough . Had no need for a desensitizer . Called the customer service number . They agreed to credit my account for the amount I was charged for the throw away product . It has been several weeks . No refund . Guess I will be calling again . DO NOT ORDER AS YOU WILL PROBABLY NOT RECEIVE THIS PRODUCT
 While the product came as promised , it cost more to ship than the product itself.Do yourself a favor , and buy it straight from the Weleda Website.It 's definitely cheaper in the long run .
 This spray had no effect on our cavaliers snoring even finished the spray with no change in the severity of the dogs snoring .
 It actually made him sleep deeper , making his snores louder . I 'm afraid there 's no hope for my little snoring dog .
 I do not know what can I sayBut the packaging is very bad . It 's open and close very very easily = > Spill in my box before I use it , and spoil my other purchases !
 Unfortunately there is quite a bit more than vitamin e oil in this product . A LOT more . For example , sunflower oil ? I do n't have sensitive skin but this made me break out horribly and gave me a nasty case of hives . You 're much better off buying vitamin e oil at Trader Joe 's , they sell a 4 oz bottle for $ 3.99 , and it has much fewer extra ingredients .
 I used this product twice on my face and both times , areas of my face broke out in painful red blotches . My eyes got red and puffy . A person in a local heath food store said that these are not the best products . I do not recommend this , especially not on your face .
 FOR THOSE INTERESTED , THE LISTED INGREDIENTS ARE
 I 'm surprised nobody is talking about the smell of this oil . I 'm super sensitive to odors , and the minute I opened the bottle , I was sorry I ordered it . I would describe it for you , but I 've never smelled anything like it , sort of cheap perfumy , like those car deodorizers people hang from their mirrors ... or that smell that hits you when you walk into a public restroom . I do n't want to use it on my face or anywhere that I can smell it , though the scent does dissipate fairly quickly.Why would they want to add a scent ? I thought `` Jason '' products were all about being natural . Pure vitamin E is n't the greatest scent in the world , but I 'd much rather they had n't tried to mask it.I gave it 2 stars because it 's a nice enough texture , and I 'll probably use it , or at least keep it until it 's too rancid , but I wo n't purchase again .
 I purchased this after reading that it was pure vitamin E oil , and that it was a pure food item . I was going to use it to create an all-natural lip product for children , so I was very upset to find out it was not pure vitamin E oil.This oil contains many things which could be allergens -LRB- wheat , almond , apricot -RRB- plus on the bottle it says `` For external use only , keep out of the reach of children . '' Not exactly pure vitamin E now , is it ? And certainly not a food product ! I will not be purchasing products from the Jason company again.I would hope that Amazon would check into this and make them change their ingredients list to accurately reflect what is contained in this oil .
 The ingredient listed for this item is `` vitamin E oil '' , so I purchased it . My youngest child has severe allergies and one of the reasons I only buy products with known ingredients.This item , once received , proved to not be comprised solely of vitamin E oil , but to contain the following ingredients , which I am listing below.Ingredients
 I am allergic to both almonds and apricots . This product is advertised as `` Pure vitamin E '' with no ingredients list . I take vitamin E and have used vitamin E oil before , and never have I seen one containing almond and apricot oils . I am SOOOO glad I read the ingredients . I almost did n't , did n't occur to me that I needed to , but as the bath was filing , I turned it around and read it . Just goes to show that one should always , always be careful when dealing with allergies . Needless to say , I 'm relived that I read the ingredients and disappointed that this was n't listed anywhere on the Amazon site . Many people are allergic to nuts . This product is going in the garbage .
 I was so angry when I received this product in the mail and found out that it was no pure vitamin E. Under ingredients on the website it only lists vitamin E , but on the bottle there are at least 5 different oils . what a piece of junk !
 I ordered this thinking it was pure Vitamin E oil as advertised but it is not . It has other oil ingredients , even though the write up lists the only ingredient as Vitamin E oil . Rather disappointed but not sure it is worth returning for the price . I purchased this to make an allergen free lip gloss but as it contains almonds and wheat , to which I am allergic , it 's a waste . Rather perturbed about this , not usual for Amazon in my experience .
 Looking at the ingredients list , it looks nutritious and has a decent nutritional profile ; however , I ca n't stomach it . I tried to drink a whole packet , but could only stomach half of it , before I felt too nauseated to finish it . Dumped the rest.Both this stuff and Myoplex I ca n't drink . They both taste like melted plastic.I 'm sticking to Optimum Nutrition stuff . That stuff tastes lovely . Like strawberry shake . No plastic-y tastes coming from it , and has a similar nutritional profile .
 I love Met-Rx . I have put on pounds of muscle with Met-Rx . But stick with the basic vanilla and chocolate . This does not taste like you would imagine cake batter to taste . I was so excited when it arrived that I made one right after my first workout . What a disappointment . I had visions of licking the bowl when my mom was making a cake when I was a little boy . Instead it was sort of an artifical flavor disaster . So use Met-Rx for sure , just not this flavor .
 I purchased this quite a few years back and didnt like it . I figured a decade later they would have improved on the taste ... nope . Still disgusting , even when mixed with milk . I plan to return it .
 I am a huge fan of Met RX regular chocolate and vanilla protein powders and was so excited to recieve this delicious soundingcake batter protein powder . However , after waiting for more than a week to recieve it and being super excited to try it the product proved to bea huge dissapointment . Well the consistancy was like cake batter the powder did not mix well and was thick , clumpy and dried out dispite adding lots of water the first time and almond milk the second time . Additionally this product tastes nothing like cake batter . I was expecting a delicious childhood memories eliciting flavor but what I got was chalky bland flavor . If you are going to use met rx I would highly suggest sticking to the regular chocolate or vanilla flavors which have great taste and lots of filling protein .
 The ad for this item shows 40 packets for $ 77 -LRB- about $ 15 more than last time I ordered , a couple months ago -RRB- . The detail ad says the cost per packet is $ 0.23 . It takes real magic , to divide $ 77 by 40 and get $ 0.23 -LRB- It 's actually $ 1.92 / packet -RRB- . I 'm not buying till Amazon goes to school and learns simple arithmetic .
 I ordered the Extreme Chocolate 20 packet at a lower price from this site than from the one I normally order from , only to find out at checkout that they charge an outrageous $ 10 delivery fee . I should of seen that lowball ploy coming , but went through with the order anyways . Received the order on a timely basis , but with only 18 packets instead of 20 . I e-mailed my concerns and the company did repond back timely , with an assurance that my account would be credited accordingly . When I received my credit card statement , the amount of the credit did not reflect the correct prorated amount for these missing packages . I will not use this site going forward .
 I have used Met-Rx before and I like it alot . It has a lot of protein . I got the vanilla and have also tried the chocolate . My only gripe is this company has `` NO CUSTOMER SERVICE '' and is un-responsive to email queries about their products from their website . So In my opinion , if they do not care about their customers , then I do n't buy their product again . I would recommed not buying this product , if you need assistance with it . If not , then go right a head .
 I had tried several products for prostate inflamation -LRB- HBP ... hypertrophy benign prostate enlargement -RRB- and really NO ONE works ... this product is not exception .
 Well I honestly did not notice any great improvement or change while using this product . I 've used other New Chapter products and was impressed with the quality , but this did not convince me it is worth the additional cost over other similar products . I 'll keep looking for better and less expensive prostate support products .
 i was really hoping that this would work because Tom 's of Maine gives me a rash and regular deodorant with aluminum gives me bumps underneath my armpits : -LRB- it smells awesome out of the stick but when you put it on , it 's really sticky and makes me smell worse than not wearing any deodorant at all !!! unfortunately , i wasted 7.50 on this and i wish i could get my money back ... i guess now it 's time to choose between a rash and bumps . . i ca n't win !
 I purchased the Jason line of deodorants because I am looking for more natural products ! I looked on the stick and it said PURE/NATURAL / & ORGANIC why did I develop a rash under my arm . . Aloe Vera is one of the most gentle products and I have used it in a gel and applied it on my skin with great results . What is hidden in this product that cause this rash ???? PARABENS ?
 This deordorant smells like sweat . When I put it on I just fell sweatier . Others may find the scent pleasant and the deodorant effective ... me and my nose had the opposite reaction.The first day I tried it , I spent the day thinking I needed a shower . Instead of my usual moisturizing bar , for 3-4 days I used antibacterial soap . Did n't help . I was still `` ripe . `` I let it rest for a few weeks . Maybe it was reacting with some food ... . Nope ! Phew ! Could n't stand it!I tossed it .
 I 'm sick with a cold , so I 've mostly been sitting in bed the past two days while using this deodorant . No high-temperatures , no vigorous activity . I bathed today and applied the deodorant - and even reapplied a few hours later - but all day I 've been thinking I forgot to put deodorant on . It just does n't work for me .
 I love the Jason brand products in general - especially the hair products . But this deordorant just is n't strong enough to handle my underarm odor - w/n one or two hours , I start to smell .
 if you take a whiff of the stick , you find a pleasantly sweet apricot-like scent . mix that with perspiration and it indeed becomes sickly sour . if your aim is to amplify the b.o. effect , go right ahead and use this . there is something about mango , passionfruit and i suppose apricot/peachy scents that do not mix well with body sweat.that is my main complaint , but it is also true that even a moderately perspiring person will have to re-apply this throughout the day .
 I tried using this and at first the scent was ok and kept you dry . It wears off after a few hours . I am really disappointed with this product .
 I had high hopes for this product but I was sorely disappointed . I have been a long hunt for an natural , healthy alternative to the standard deodorants out on the market . It has been a long , expensive and disappointing search . I have European sensitive skin and every natural alternative has given me a burning red rash under my arms . I purchased Jason Unscented Deodorant For Women and for the first few days it worked well . There was no scent from the stick and it prevented any body odors . Well less than a week in , my armpits started getting that dreadful red , itchy and burning rash . So I stopped using the product and the rash has gone away . What 's worse is that after a few days of using the product , the stick itself began to smell badly and then after about the fifth day of use the deodorant had no effect on my odor at all ! For now I have gone back to using a standard deodorant even though I do n't want to . I shall continue the hunt for an affordable and effective natural deodorant . This product gets a thumbs down from me , sadly .
 I bought this deodorant because I like natural products and I liked the smell of it . I naturally dont sweat a lot and I have never had a lot of problems with that kind of stuff . So I thought why not try it ? Trust me this stuff is disgusting ! It made my armpits sticky and smelly . It doesnt do anything and makes everything worse . I have never had such smelly , sticky and slimy armpits before . Nasty ! Thank god I didnt go to work that day . Even my husband made a remark if I have forgotten to use deodorant/shower today . I certainly do NOT recommend this product !
 This deodorant does not last long enough and it completely discolored my skin . My underarms are way darker than the rest of my skin now and it started peeling so I stopped using it . It might work for some people but it did n't for me .
 This deodorant smells really awesome on it 's own , but when you put it on it does n't block the smell of sweat at all , the smell of apricot and sweat just sort of mix together -LRB- as someone else mentioned -RRB- and you 're left with this other strange smell that is n't really an improvement from not wearing anything at all . It also feels a bit greasy for a while after you put it on . I do n't sweat much either because I 'm almost always cold . Definitely wo n't be purchasing this again .
 What 's the point of deodorant if it does n't work or last?I agree with another post that said it does n't last long enough.Even with no sweating , no strenuous activity , no stress , and winter weather ... odor still comes back within a few hours.I want to say it 's almost better to use nothing at all.The standard ` salt/alum ' - based deodorant `` crystals '' are WAY better than this.Granted , the salt crystals have no smell , but at least they prevent smell/odor well .
 These pills contain nothing but lactose and sugar . The entire craft of homeopathy is based off the placebo effect , which is particularly strong in children . Save your money and buy as bottle of sugar pills , tell your kids they 'll have whatever effect that this kit describes , give it to them , and watch as it works without any of the homeopathy mumbo jumbo!Or just eat the entire box like I did and watch as ... NOTHING HAPPENS .
 Relying on this stuff as healthcare for your child is very dangerous . This product is not regulated by the FDA and contains no active drugs . The active ingredients they claim are in it have been diluted to such a degree that they could n't possibly be doing anything . I strongly encourage you to do some further reading before buying this product for your child . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As hesitant as I am about trusting the pharmaceutical companies , I explored this option for treating my child 's colds and gave it a try . However , after doing some research , I found out how these remedies are constructed . They are based on an ill-conceived notion that `` like cures like . '' Hence , if you have cancer , you cure it with a carcinogen . However , to make the remedy more powerful , you have to dilute it to the point in which the original substance does not exist , just the water or sugar it was dissolved in . The entire concept makes no sense . The Wikipedia article explains why this product does not work :[ ... -RSB- My kid 's cold did subside after a couple of weeks , but I 'll try for something that is not just a sugar pill next time .
 My mom had this exact kit when I was a kid and she made use of it frequently . She kept it out of reach , on top of the fridge . What she did n't know was that I would climb up on the counter and grab the box when she was n't looking and eat the tablets like candy , because that 's pretty much what they are.I do n't really remember feeling any relief from using this stuff , but then if it worked I probably would have gotten sick from eating entire bottles , eh?Save yourself $ 25 and a lot of lost time and use actual , established medicine . This is quackery , pure and simple .
 Homeopathy is thoroughly discredited -LRB- seeTrick or Treatment ?
 Please be aware that `` homeopathic '' is not the same thing as naturopathic . Homeopathic `` medicine '' is based on the idea that you dilute a chemical until there is no chemical left , only water . It 's a superstition that has been scientifically proven to provide no medical benefit . But people , especially kids , are easily fooled into thinking they are experiencing less pain or other benefits if they think a substance is expected to do that . That 's what the placebo effect is.It 's ok if you want to buy something like this to convince your kids that you 're giving them something to make them feel better without giving them actual medicine which can have negative side effects . But do n't be fooled into thinking what is actually in this product provides any actual medical benefit .
 This USED to be a great shampoo - but it has been reformulated into slimy crap that leaves my hair as limp as shampoo from the dollar store . Great product made worthless by reformulation . Sad .
 This shampoo is just overpriced detergent with a terrible stink.After reading some of the positive reviews here I took a chance and bought this stuff . I have been using it daily for over two weeks now and it stinks , performance wise and literally . I am a man with a full head of hair that is somewhat fine , and I see and feel absolutely no difference after using this shampoo . It does n't look thicker . It does n't feel thicker . It does n't style better . It performs no better than a $ 0.99 bottle of VO5 or Suave shampoo . It actuallly is worse , because unlike those shampoos , this one has a horrible smell to it . My advice , do n't waste your money on this overpriced junk . You 're better off just going to your local dollar store and buying any shampoo.I 've bought dozens of products through Amazon over the last few years and this is the first one that I hate and makes me feel like I 've been ripped off .
 I bought this shampoo hoping that it would thicken my hair . I was sorely disappointed when I got it because it smells like pure chemicals and I didnt notice any difference . If anything I noticed more hair falling out . Do n't buy this product .
 Does exactly what it supposed to do and that is wash your hair . You 'll get the same results from a bottle of Head and Shoulders . And at a quarter of the price .
 I bought this product as a natural cruelty-free alternative to Nioxin . Nioxin seemed to help my thinning hair , but it is not vegan and you need a PhD in chemistry to understand the ingredients in it . Unfortunately , I 've had no luck with this Jason product . It appears to be reversing what Nioxin did as my hair is now falling out more , something it has n't done in months . The smell of the product is very odd as well . Something &#34; natural &#34; should n't smell like a household cleaner . Lastly , this product is not cruelty-free as it claims to be . Although it may not be tested on animals , it contains lactic acid which is an animal byproduct . Vegans beware.The only plus side to this product is the quantity . I feared that the small bottle would go fast , but it is very concentrated . It takes only about a nickel sized amount to wash my hair . But since the product does n't work , the quantity is irrelevant . -LRB- &#34; There 's an old joke - um ... two elderly women are at a Catskill mountain resort , and one of 'em says , &#34; Boy , the food at this place is really terrible . &#34; The other one says , &#34; Yeah , I know ; and such small portions . &#34; -RRB- Right now this product serves only to wash my hair , not thicken it as it is warranted to do . -LRB- Not to mention , I could have saved a small fortune buying a $ 0.99 cruelty-free shampoo and conditioner at the supermarket -RRB- .
 I did n't care for this at all . Not only did I not notice any difference in the thickness of my hair , I did n't care for the way it cleaned my hair either .
 I hate this shampoo . It smells like cheap dish soap and cleans like it , taking all of the good oils out of my hair . And it seems as though more of my hair is falling out , unlike what other reviewers say . My hair has been frizzy and flat since I started using this shampoo , and it 's taken out most of my wave . I am throwing this out and looking for something new right now .
 Where to begin . First off this stuff does not spread well . I never noticed any difference in the thickness of my hair . I did in fact notice that it made it a ton easier to pull my hair out -LRB- not matter how gentle I was -RRB- when I was shampooing with this stuff ; a lot of hair came out , which is scary ! I gave up and went back to Neutrogena Shampoo and my hair stopped coming out.Side note
 I really like that this product is good for the environment , but i absolutely hate what the product did to my hair . I used the shampoo and conditioner for one week . My hair has never been so dry , stripped of all the natural oils and frizzy . My husband has been using the product as well . He prefers nioxin but is sacrificing and using up the three bottles we bought .
 Used this for many years and it was wonderful for thin or fine hair . They changed the formula and it no longer works to thicken hair . The shampoo feels like they added conditioner . Hope they bring back the old formula . Still a decent shampoo but not if you are looking to thicken your hair .
 I love the foam and how soothing it feels , I do not follow after the first poo since all the product , oils , and dirt is washed out in its first application . My only knock on the product it has way too much protein that causes my hair to tangle and knot up . That 's why the product only got 2 stars , now if you are not protein-sensitive go for it .
 This did n't do much for me . I used as instructed but my hair remained thin . Try Avalon Organics
 Having been a long-time user of the original JASON PURE , NATURAL & ORGANIC Satin Shower Body Wash , I was very surprised when I pulled a bottle from my new order that has a new label that no longer states that it IS organic . The label now simply states `` Pure Natural Body Wash '' in place of the original trademarked `` SATIN SHOWER Body Wash. '' Must be a reason for all these words being replaced ... Upon reading the list of ingredients , I was further surprised to find that ALL FOUR ORIGINAL certified organic ingredients , Aloe Vera GEL , LAVENDER , CHAMOMILE , and MARIGOLD have been removed ! Not to worry , they have been replaced with a lone , certified organic ingredient
 This smelled wonderful but did not clean me at all . I ended up just using it to clean my bath tub after I took a bath . I would not buy this again !
 Good 4 house hold , but not for the skin.What u pay is what u get
 People with smell sensitivity may not like this product . One of the company 's other shampoo is n't as strong !
 dried skin out and when i contacted the company about I got no response very disappointed in this company . Buying organic is usually great just not from this company .
 This body wash has a really faint , almost non-existent Tea Tree scent . I own a hand soap by Jason and it is scented just right , smells great and the scent is very potent.The bodywash lathers well , like all Jason products and has a smooth feel to it , but it almost feels unscented in its neutral representation of Tea Tree.If you were using it , you would not even know that is not unscented . So if you are looking for tea tree oil minty scent and , perhaps , anti-fungal effects , look somewhere else . This bodywash fails to deliver the promised kick .
 I bought this awhile back and just started using it today . Others said that the scent was mild , but I found it to be overwhelming . It smelled like funeral flowers - and I still smelled like funeral flowers even after my shower . I do not like it and will probably throw the rest away .
 First of all , it smells like old woman 's perfume . I do n't like the smell at all . Neither does my husband . Not my favorite soap unfortunately , , still looking for a better one .
 , sodium benzoate , benzyl benzoate , citronellol , fragrance -LRB- parfum -RRB- . Fake fragrance and sodium benzoate . Never understand why they sell this at whole foods and how it continues to pass as `` natural '' . I guess petroleum is natural , too . Too bad they do n't list the multiple chemicals that are in the `` parfum '' .
 This soap is pretty good . But I was under the impression that since it is tea tree it would smell menthol like , & tingle like tea tree does . Instead it smells like old lady . Probably wont buy this exact brand again .
 I was excited to get my order until I realized it was a new formula . The packaging says new and improved ... but it is new and ruined in my opinion . Now they added hydrogenated palm kernel oil and perfume -LRB- fragrance -RRB- , it use to have natural fragrance oils . I have really oily and sensitive skin . Anything with fragrance makes my face explode with red pimples . It takes a week for the reaction to go away . I switched to Avalon organics products now because there is nothing hydrogenated in it or any chemical fragrances that cause irritation . I 'm not even going to take the chance with this product to use it . I just know what makes my skin react and those ingredients are exactly what I do n't want on my face . If you have non oily or non sensitive skin then I think you will be happy with the product.Sucks because I really loved the old formula and it made my face happy !
 The moment I opened this jar , I knew I was in trouble . Why ? It has a LOT of fragrance . Yet , I still tried it on the back of my hand . Even that far from my face , it smelled too strong -- irritating my nose and eyes.So , I offered it to my Mom , then my sister and then a friend . They all said the same thing -- too smelly ! So , I 'll never know if this product is as effective as it sounds . Darn !
 The new formulation of this product has a strong orange smell , as compared to the older version which is unscented . It also feels greasier than the older version . As for the vitamin C , I suggest doing some online research to help with deciding which products have the type of vitamin C that is actually helpful .
 I do not have particularly sensitive skin at all , and I can usually use almost any type of lotion . However , this cream irritated my skin and made it turn red and bumpy . I noticed that it contains `` citrus oil . '' I ca n't imagine why anyone would decide to put such a harsh and acidic substance into a face-cream . I could feel and see the signs of irritation instantly , after applying only a small amount of the cream . Again , I do not have sensitive skin and do n't often have a poor reaction to any beauty-products . It also has a rather yucky fragrance , sort of a `` fake fruit '' scent , like cough syryp . I do not recommend this product . Orange oil belongs in candles or something , not on your face .
 I bought this product this evening wanting to use a natural product that was not tested on animals . I have used some other Jason products and have been very satisfied . I have even used the Ester-C toner , which smells like a creamsickle . The Ester-C scent started to permiate the room . The next thing I new I have a headache and can not get the smell out of my head . This is very unpleasant . I am not a sensative person so you can imagine just how strong this is . I am very dissapointed in a product that claims to be `` natural '' how can you have such a strong perfumed scent ?
 I have been using lots of anti aging creams before , so this is not something that normally happens . I ran out of my regular cream and gave this a try , it BURNS !! I thought it might be a `` tingle '' bc it 's `` working '' type of feeling , until it started to get worse . I googled to see if this was normal , and a lot of others experienced this too . But it was not the normal reaction . I went to look at my hurting face and it was red and splotchy all over . I washed it off , but it still tingles . I really hope it 's gone by tomorrow and not a really bad chemical burn . I do not recommend this product . If anything , try it sparingly , then buy some.It smells pretty bad too . Very strong .
 I really wanted to like this product , but to no avail.Last night I applied the Jason eye cream and within 15min my eyes were on fire . It felt as if I had rubbed in chilly oil . I immediately washed my eyes but the damage was done . Two RED , PUFFY eyes . This morning I had to go to work , and it 's my birthday thank you , with red , puffy eyes that has started to flake and peel too . I guess I will be enjoying my birthday party tonight in a Halloween costume.I understand the people react differently to cosmetic products , but how a product marketed as
 I 've ordered the product , but still did not receive it ! I sent the message to the seller , and he says he `` reshipped '' the product , but when I asked him for the tracking number , he has n't responded for more than a week . At this point , I 'm so frustrated , I just want to forget about the whole thing , and I want my money back NOW . This is the first time I ordered anything on line , but such a poor service makes me unwilling to try order anything again !
 I purchased this product to help me with severe Plantar Fasciatis in my left foot . 3 months later the pain persists . I have had absolutely no relief from these inserts . In fact after about a month and a half of wearing them , I removed them from my shoes because the pain was worse . They were not the miracle cure that they promised to be . I was very disappointed with them and am still searching for help in relieving this pain .
 The product is ok but was sent with a piece missing . I attempted to find a way to contact Amazon but they put up such a maze it is crazy . Basicaly I would have to reject the entire order and send it back because I can not get in touch with them otherwise . BAD customer service .
 . More than a month after my order -LRB- 19 February 2012 -RRB- I still have not received anything ... I wait but am getting impatient or worried ... I live in France . Marco.dom75010@live.fr
 Was of no use after the third microwave . It was a waste of my money .
 We got this for post partum cleansing . The hospital always gives us one , but it is hard plastic and my skin hurts after just a couple minutes on it . We had high hopes for this , but when we tried to use it at the hospital , we found a few problems that led us to return it .1 -RRB- It was impossible to inflate it , close it off and keep enough air to be useful .2 -RRB- Ours had a hole in the seam that caused it not to hold enough water3 -RRB- We had thought it would have the bag and plastic tube also , that allows you to let new water come in and overflow the other water into the toilet , but it does not . We perhaps should have been able to tell that from the product description , but we thought all sitz baths had that feature , so we were n't looking out for it .
 THE INFLATED RING ON THIS THING IS ONLY ABOUT 1 AND 1/2 INCHES WIDE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME . BAD DESIGN .
 This was slightly uncomfortable to use because water always overflowed out of it and somehow was n't as cushion like as expected . It also got a tear/hole after a week or two . Used patch . Sprung a leak again . Got another one . Same thing . Ended up getting a hard plastic one with overflow holes that allow water to flow back into the toilet . Much better , and ironically , more comfortable ! The harder plastic one is also a little easier to clean . Would have given another star if it had lasted longer . Minus one star for comfort , and another for clean-ability/water over flow -LRB- not that you ca n't clean it , just that the cushion-y plastic moves around and is harder to clean , that 's all -RRB-
 I had a subscription to this product . The first time it arrived properly packed , but then twice in a row the bottles , which are glass , arrived completely pulverized . They had just been thrown in with a couple of those packing-pillows , which were punctured by the broken glass . I cut myself , of course . Amazon gave me a refund both times and then I canceled the subscription.The vitamins themselves are fine -- they will not cause digestive upsets you get from unbuffered Vitamin C . But having them shipped by amazon wo n't work .
 Unfortunately I had to return this product because it has whey in it . I am not sure why a garlic supplement would have whey in it . Since I do not tolerate dairy products I could not use it . Very disappointed .
 This product is Kyolic Formula 100 , not the Kyolic Formula 100 Vegetarian one.The name has to change inorder to avoid errors when ordering.One star is just for this mistake not for the product .
 I only gave them 2 stars because it came on time . other than that my experience would garner ZERO stars because it was a whole year past the expiration date ... Just realized it about a month in to drinking the thing .
 I absolutely LOVED the original chocolate flavor of the whey protein ... so i figured ` Hey why not try out the Natural whey ' so i received it in the mail and was super excited to try it out . PFFFF to my dismay it tasted NOTHING like the original . it was chalky like , bitter ... blahhh if returning items were easier i would have definitely done that . Looks like im stuck with 2 lbs of bitter/chalky whey for a while.Only reason i put 2 stars is because of the company ; i know its giving my body what it needs but ... if youre looking for a yumming tasting whey or you think it will taste like the original . im warning you IT TASTES LIKE CRAP
 I bought this product because i was looking for a whey supplement without artificial sweeteners and a high amount of protein . When i read the label i see it contains 2508 milligrams of Aspartic Acid . Aspartic Acid is 40 % of the compounds that make up Aspartame and is also a excitotoxin . Not very good for brain function at all . so beware and read your labels carefully . the canister was also open when i received it with powder all over it !
 I have been using ON powder for more than 1 year . I have used chocolate and strawberry flavors and I am very satisfied with those . This one looks greats , fresh and taste good as well . After drinking this one I have cough . First I did not realize it was due to Vanilla protein shake . But it happens every time . So powder filaments do n't dissolve properly . That 's why I am giving 1 star less . 2nd star deduction is due increase in powder price . 3 star deduction is due to the fact this item is no more available under subscription . 1 star deduction is due to the fact , now I have to pay for shipping too.I must clarify this problem -LRB- sticking in my throat -RRB- is only with vanilla.When I opened packet of both Vanilla and strawberry boxes , powder looks fresh , fluffy . But with chocolate , powder does Not look fresh . Texture looks different but taste good .
 I have ordered whey many times and never had a problem but this last one -- it is horrible tasting , I was very disappointed with this product.optimum Nutrition 100 O/0 whey gold standard natural whey
 I did not care for the taste , slightly artificial and bitter which I think is due to the fact that it is sweetened in part with a Steva derivative . I will not order again .
 I bought this product new , however the seal was open already ! The seller should not have labeled this new and then sent me an open sealed container . Beware of this seller everyone . I am worried if this container was tampered with now . And there is no scoop inside the container ! Beware again . I 'm going to return this item .
 I was suggested by somebody to try this . I tried chocolate variety.Following are my findings after using this product for a while :1 . I never felt it is working .2 . I have had some stomach upsets after using this . In the beginning , I did not understand why I am getting frequent stomach upsets . I did some research on internet and came to know that many other people have experienced similar problems with protein powders . After discontinuing this product , my stomach upsets stopped . So I am convinced that this product is not for me.I am not saying that these products do n't work as many people claim that they work.But , for me , natural sources of protein like eggs , yogurt , milk are more effective than all these company made products . Now I lost confidence not just on this brand , but on all brands of protein powders .
 The item was missing half its contents . The seal was put back on to appear as if it was meant to be this way . The worst part is I did n't realize this until after I had been using it for a while and I saw my buddies brand new one . By that time it was too late to return to Amazon and get it replaced . Overall a bogus deal .
 I have been using this product for more than a few months and have enjoyed it ; it seems to work . However , the other day I happened to come across some information on Aspartame which was a bit frightening , especially considering how much of this product I have consumed.I had known before from reading various sources that Aspartame is very unhealthy for our bodies , and I have always avoided it . What I had n't known was that the main ingredients in Aspartame are Aspartic Acid , Phenylalanine , and Glutamate & Precursors . This reminded me of what I had read on the Typical Amino Acid Profile portion of the Gold Standard `` Natural '' 100 % Whey Powder ; it contains 2508 mg . Aspartic Acid , 748 mg . Phenylalanine , and 4082 mg . Glutamine & Precursors.Hmm ... do I even need to state my point or have you drawn the conclusion already by yourself ? I would HIGHLY suggest NOT using this product if you care about your health -LRB- I assume you do if you are buying this product in the first place -RRB- and always making sure to read labels and check out information on anything you consume ; I know I will certainly be more vigilant about that now . I am hopeful that others will read this review and do the research for themselves before poisoning themselves like I seem to have done .
 I read a couple reviews for the Optimum whey protein , reading that it was one of the best tasting products out there . I decided to try the 100 % natural whey protien and was NOT impressed ! When I got this product I expected it to be a little different because it was all natural but I did not expext it to taste as bad as it did . Mixed with just water or milk the taste is horrible ! Mixed with bananas however , tastes very well .
 I have ordered `` ON Whey Protein , 100 % Natural Whey , Chocolate Flavor '' from Amazon -LRB- shipped from Amazon -RRB- and I have received the older Tub -LRB- not the new look in the picture -RRB- . What bothers me is that although the plastic cover was there and I had to cut it from around the lid , the seal under the cover was already peeled out -LRB- exists but not sticking at all -RRB- . Not sure why this happened , if Amazon should replace it for me or is it safe to use it as is , any ideas ?
 I was very dissapointed when I got this product after I read a lot of reviews saying this is a great product so i ordered it . When I received it I noticed that it would not mix at all and clumped . I tried with a spoon but it left lots of clumps so i put it in my shaker and it still had clumps . I finally had to put in a blender and that got almost all of the clumps out but it whipped the milk making it hard to drink . The taste is great but for protein if you can get it to mix .
 I 'm a fan of the line , I love the chocolate , but this vanilla was too fake tasting and too strong tasting . Vanilla should be subtle , this was more like taking a shot of extract .
 I am sure those who rave about the taste of this protein havent tasted the good tasting but slightly expensive proteins like Allthewhey Isolate -LRB- vanilla only -RRB- , Myofusion , musclemilk , monstermilk etc. . This is one of the worst tasting protein drink I ever had . The Stevia taste makes me vomit . So buyers beware and dont fall into the hype . Ideally taste a sample first and then buy if you like it . I wish I had done that .
 First of all I want to say I like this product , it tastes good and i love that it does n't have any toxic junk in it like most powders . That said , there was one thing I loathed right when I opened it . It was HALF FULL , here I am looking at my big , 40 $ container of protein powder , about to dive in there and slam it on some raisin bran . I open the lid , and the damn thing is half full . This is n't a one dollar bag of chips I 'm buying , it 's a 40 $ jug . From the outside , it looks like a satisfying sized container , well worth 40 $ , but why even make a container that big when you 're only filling it halfway ? I hope they do n't do this to all the jugs and mine is just a dud or an exception , because I find this rather dishonest . I 'm spending good money on this stuff .
 I did n't heed the warnings of others when they said to stay away from the vanilla . At the time they had a much better deal on the vanilla over the chocolate so I went ahead and ordered it . At first I thought `` ehh . . its not so bad . . I 'll get used to it '' But it was the opposite . The more I used it , the more it disgusted me.Now I did make some smoothies with the vanilla that tasted just fine , but only because the flavor was diluted with fruit and whatnot . So if you plan on making smoothies with vanilla then I would say go for it . -LRB- Although I would just get Any Whey or some other un-flavored whey so you could control the taste a little better . -RRB- I tried mixing it with different liquids . Milk , soy milk , flavored soy milk , etc. , but nothing could get rid of the awful vanilla flavor . So by the end of the 5 pound tub I just mixed it with as little water as I could and would shoot it down in one gulp.I 'm ordering the chocolate right now ... hopefully I wo n't have the same issue.BTW
 ordered it in strawberry but the vanilla flavor came in . lucky that i kinda like vanilla but whatever , 20 bucks is a decent price . fast shipping too . now i have to deal with vanilla -LRB- bleh -RRB- for a month since i dont like the hassle of shipping it back .
 The price and everything is fine , and it 's not a bad product , but it seems falsely advertised . It 's really foul tasting , I mix it with unsweetened chocolate almond milk . It barely mixes with a shaker , still clumps kind of bad , but I usually drink it really fast in the morning for breakfast anyway.It tastes really awful . The stevia extract or whatever they use leaves the same sort of filmy taste in my mouth that artificial sweeteners leave , which is a pity . Had I known what it tasted like ahead of time , I would have just stuck with what I was using . I 'll go through what I have , but I wo n't be buying it again .
 Usually optimum nutrition products are the highest in quality , but this specific protein and flavor is one of the worst iv ever had
 I do not reccomend buying this product if you get headaches from Stevia . They just put a different name for Stevia on the ingredients label.-Jason
 i do n't know , but when i buy this product , i saw on the pictures , it says , that have ; 2g of sugars , but when i got ` it i notice that have 3g of sugars.so is nat realy what they post on here , they should post the right pictures .
 hated the flavor . Did n't like it from the first scoop , and that 's never good when you have a 5 lb bucket . the Chocolate coconut is my favorite
 I used to take this when the melamine breakout was running rampant . The same time my cats kidneys began to fail and I became extremely lean while drinking this along with Muscle Milk . Since then , which was a couple of years ago the flavor has changed from ok to worse . I used to mix it the the MM , but now ca n't stand to because the taste is so bad . MM still tastes the same . I use this with milk and bananas and it still tastes bad . Of course this review is based on a personal preference and I ca n't vouch to the results of this product , but if you liked it in the past and have not had any for a while , do n't expect it to be the same .
 This review is more about the company then the product itself . Not only did they cancel their `` Subscribe & Save '' option which I was looking forward to using and having regular shipments come at a discounted price BUT they raised their regular price , so everyone gets screwed over . I would now have to pay an additional $ 10 compared to what I used to . Not happy with this and will be looking elsewhere for my protein options !
 So let me get this straight , Optimum Nutrition has decided not to participate in the subcribe and save option anymore and you also decided to raise the normal price ? What a joke . It really is a shame because I enjoy the protein and like the taste , but I feel a little screwed over by ONI 'll begin looking for a better option than Optimum Nutrition until you can get your business model back together .
 This product -LRB- along with every soy and whey product I 've looked at -RRB- contains `` natural flavors '' . Typically this indicates an excitotoxin -LRB- i.e. one of the many types of MSG -RRB- , which damages our brains . If it was really a natural flavor , they would list specifically what it is , i.e. vanilla flavoring , natural strawberry flavor , chocolate flavor , etc. . Just `` natural flavor '' which is also in every liquid vit . / min . complex I 've seen , means an excitotoxin is being used . Disgusting for these companies to fool the public this way .
 IT was disgusting . . do not get the vanilla unless you are planning on having it in a shake . I used to be on Anabolic 90 and i was seeing gains . I ran out and bought this . . I actually lost 4 pounds since i 've been off anabolic 90 and I feel I am losing some of my muscle mass as well .
 This product has cancer causing soy lecithin . I just had a cancerous kidney removed because of soy lecithin found in Protein bars and Drinks I 've used over the years . Do some research . I wish I had . I 'm finding out that soy lecithin is in almost every sports nutrition supplement , especially Protein Drinks .
 It smells awful . I have to hold my nose to drink it or I get nauseous . The non natural tastes phenomenal .
 I thought this would taste like most proteins but it did n't . To `` watered down '' even with milk and tastes horrible . Not enough sugar so you taste to much of the powder/protein . The taste is n't legit .
 I was very optimistic about this powder because of the great reviews . I almost threw up the first time i drank it . the label on the bottle says that it mixes well with just a spoon - it does n't . also , the natural chocolate taste is n't very chocolatey . unfortunately i bought the 5 lb bottle and am trying to find different ways to be able to take it . so far putting it in chocolate pudding is the only thing that makes it palatable . i would not recommend this for taste or texture .
 Just beware when using any of these whey protein supplements , you can get a bad case of constipation . This is exactly what happened to me . It was severe enough to require a trip to my doctor . If you insist on taking whey protein isolate , take some type of fiber at the same time .
 I 've been using other ON products and I love them . They are really fair priced and good . But this onee . . It is terrible when you drink it with water . I sometimes mix it with yogurt and thats okay . Anyway good to use but it has a bad taste .
 I think these guys need to get their act together . I read the other poor review about a broken seal , figured it was an isolated incident , and then when I got mine in the mail same thing!I unscrewed the cap and 1/2 of the seal popped off with it . I do n't how bad this is , but I 'm keeping it . You ca n't beat the price.For anyone who is bothered by a broken seal , or their product being compromised by one , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM AMAZON !
 With high hopes , I tried the vanilla flavored Natural Whey . Disgusting ! WAY too sweet -- almost inedible for my tastes . And the vanilla flavoring is too strong as well . What were they thinking?Still searching for a good quality whey protein with nothing artificial AND without added flavoring or sweetener . -LRB- Update
 I 'd really like to review this item , but that is n't possible . While I ordered the item pictured , I received an unsatisfactory substitute . I ordered this particular item as a gift because of it 's unique style . What I was sent , is n't nearly as nice , and I would be ashamed to give it to anyone .
 Very small bag jam packed with all sizes of Bandaids . I should have read the description more carefully . Product does look like the picture .
 `` What a TERRIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT - this has an awful SICKLY SWEET TASTE - THE WORST WHEY I 'VE EVER HAD - WHY ? WHY ? WHY ? I HATE IT - DO N'T YOU SELL AN UNSWEETENED VARIETY ? I 'M SO DISAPPOINTED I CA N'T STAND IT - THE ONLY THING I 'VE EVER BOUGHT ON AMAZON THAT HAS DRIVEN ME TO LEAVE SUCH A FEEDBACK - '' I ca n't even give it a rating . I 'm giving it away to a neighbour who has no taste buds .
 I tried the strawberry one and it was so miserable in taste that I threw my drink out after 2 sips . Amazon was gracious enough to give me a postage paid label for a complete refund . A waste of time ... this product should not be sold ANYWHERE
 This product did not work for me at all . I was taking this product along with other natural herbal vitamins to control my hot flashes . Needless to say , after being on this product for over 2 months , along with others , I had to get back on my hormone replacement pills . Also , if you decide to try this product from American Wholesale , you should be careful . They have the same product -LRB- Lydia Pinkham -RRB- for various prices . When I inquired about it , I was told the the shipping was cheaper on some . That is n't so . All of them had the same shipping price .
 I need to tell people what just happened to me . I got the product . I used it for two days and ended up at the emergency hospital with a bad allergic reaction . Now I have to take three different medications to get well . The ingredients of the original formula seems to be fine . The doctor 's opinion was that it could be the new chemical bonding to make the tablets that caused the reaction . My recommendation to everybody is to start with a lower dose -LRB- not what is recommended on the box ... -RRB- and see how you react to it . It is very powerful stuff . It may be great for some people but that was not my experience ! Please be aware that even that is a natural product ; still is a med - be careful . CW Tampa , Florida .
 This purchase was a complete waste of money . I used this one time and will never again . It dries up so fast and gets really sticky which is very uncomfortable . Adding more just makes it worse . I was excited to try this product after reading reviews on it , but my husband agrees ... it sucks
 I bought this product through a retailer online . I have been using the product , which I generally like , however it dries up very quickly so I found you had to use quite a bit of it . The problem with this product for me was its inability to remain sealed . The product constantly leaked and therefore the lubricant was lost and product was wasted.After emailing the company with my concern about the product leaking I was replied back to and was told it was n't recommended to store the bottle on its side , but how are you supposed to travel with it then ? It is unavoidable that your product move around and not be upright when you 're traveling with luggage . Nevertheless I felt like I was getting no where with their sales rep , I requested either a full refund or the product be replaced , and shipped to my home free of charge . I live in Canada and spent $ 30 alone on shipping it with another product , and on top of that had to pay duties . So I bottle of lubricant that retails $ 10.99 cost me much more . On the Slippery Stuff Website , they said '' Satisfaction guaranteed . '' I stated I am not satisfied , but that did not seem to matter to their sales rep. He told me he did n't appreciate my anger , attitude , or tone , in the matter and quite frankly I do n't think I was being rude , but obviously that is the way he interpreted my emails . He finally offered me a refund , and then when I told him I wanted the shipping and product refunded he said I should have went to the company I bought it from to get the refund , and he will not refund me the products shipping cost because I had two products shipped at once . He told me he did n't like my attitude or tone , but I do n't think he is taking into account how he is taking to me , the customer . He stopped addressing me before the email , and signing off his name , which I understand sounds repetitive and tedious but I look at it as a sign of respect . Its not the product I am displeased with in this situation more less the rude behavior of the representative . If he does n't want to give me a refund that badly than just say so , stop making up excuses and telling me you usually refund without question because I do n't believe that for a second.I would not recommend this product to anyone simply because this particular employee 's lack of courtesy and respect.After writing this initial review , I will be receiving the product 's cost and half the original shipping , which pleases me . This being said it was n't an easy product and I am still choosing not to do business with them again , I am glad the ordeal is over with .
 I was very dissapointed when I got this product after I read a lot of reviews saying this is a great product so i ordered it . When I received it I noticed that it would not mix at all and clumped . I tried with a spoon but it left lots of clumps so i put it in my shaker and it still had clumps . I finally had to put in a blender and that got almost all of the clumps out but it whipped the milk making it hard to drink . The taste is great but for protein if you can get it to mix .
 I bought this product new , however the seal was open already ! The seller should not have labeled this new and then sent me an open sealed container . Beware of this seller everyone . I am worried if this container was tampered with now . And there is no scoop inside the container ! Beware again . I 'm going to return this item .
 I was suggested by somebody to try this . I tried chocolate variety.Following are my findings after using this product for a while :1 . I never felt it is working .2 . I have had some stomach upsets after using this . In the beginning , I did not understand why I am getting frequent stomach upsets . I did some research on internet and came to know that many other people have experienced similar problems with protein powders . After discontinuing this product , my stomach upsets stopped . So I am convinced that this product is not for me.I am not saying that these products do n't work as many people claim that they work.But , for me , natural sources of protein like eggs , yogurt , milk are more effective than all these company made products . Now I lost confidence not just on this brand , but on all brands of protein powders .
 The item was missing half its contents . The seal was put back on to appear as if it was meant to be this way . The worst part is I did n't realize this until after I had been using it for a while and I saw my buddies brand new one . By that time it was too late to return to Amazon and get it replaced . Overall a bogus deal .
 I have been using this product for more than a few months and have enjoyed it ; it seems to work . However , the other day I happened to come across some information on Aspartame which was a bit frightening , especially considering how much of this product I have consumed.I had known before from reading various sources that Aspartame is very unhealthy for our bodies , and I have always avoided it . What I had n't known was that the main ingredients in Aspartame are Aspartic Acid , Phenylalanine , and Glutamate & Precursors . This reminded me of what I had read on the Typical Amino Acid Profile portion of the Gold Standard `` Natural '' 100 % Whey Powder ; it contains 2508 mg . Aspartic Acid , 748 mg . Phenylalanine , and 4082 mg . Glutamine & Precursors.Hmm ... do I even need to state my point or have you drawn the conclusion already by yourself ? I would HIGHLY suggest NOT using this product if you care about your health -LRB- I assume you do if you are buying this product in the first place -RRB- and always making sure to read labels and check out information on anything you consume ; I know I will certainly be more vigilant about that now . I am hopeful that others will read this review and do the research for themselves before poisoning themselves like I seem to have done .
 I have ordered `` ON Whey Protein , 100 % Natural Whey , Chocolate Flavor '' from Amazon -LRB- shipped from Amazon -RRB- and I have received the older Tub -LRB- not the new look in the picture -RRB- . What bothers me is that although the plastic cover was there and I had to cut it from around the lid , the seal under the cover was already peeled out -LRB- exists but not sticking at all -RRB- . Not sure why this happened , if Amazon should replace it for me or is it safe to use it as is , any ideas ?
 I read a couple reviews for the Optimum whey protein , reading that it was one of the best tasting products out there . I decided to try the 100 % natural whey protien and was NOT impressed ! When I got this product I expected it to be a little different because it was all natural but I did not expext it to taste as bad as it did . Mixed with just water or milk the taste is horrible ! Mixed with bananas however , tastes very well .
 I only gave them 2 stars because it came on time . other than that my experience would garner ZERO stars because it was a whole year past the expiration date ... Just realized it about a month in to drinking the thing .
 So let me get this straight , Optimum Nutrition has decided not to participate in the subcribe and save option anymore and you also decided to raise the normal price ? What a joke . It really is a shame because I enjoy the protein and like the taste , but I feel a little screwed over by ONI 'll begin looking for a better option than Optimum Nutrition until you can get your business model back together .
 This product -LRB- along with every soy and whey product I 've looked at -RRB- contains `` natural flavors '' . Typically this indicates an excitotoxin -LRB- i.e. one of the many types of MSG -RRB- , which damages our brains . If it was really a natural flavor , they would list specifically what it is , i.e. vanilla flavoring , natural strawberry flavor , chocolate flavor , etc. . Just `` natural flavor '' which is also in every liquid vit . / min . complex I 've seen , means an excitotoxin is being used . Disgusting for these companies to fool the public this way .
 IT was disgusting . . do not get the vanilla unless you are planning on having it in a shake . I used to be on Anabolic 90 and i was seeing gains . I ran out and bought this . . I actually lost 4 pounds since i 've been off anabolic 90 and I feel I am losing some of my muscle mass as well .
 This product has cancer causing soy lecithin . I just had a cancerous kidney removed because of soy lecithin found in Protein bars and Drinks I 've used over the years . Do some research . I wish I had . I 'm finding out that soy lecithin is in almost every sports nutrition supplement , especially Protein Drinks .
 I bought this product because i was looking for a whey supplement without artificial sweeteners and a high amount of protein . When i read the label i see it contains 2508 milligrams of Aspartic Acid . Aspartic Acid is 40 % of the compounds that make up Aspartame and is also a excitotoxin . Not very good for brain function at all . so beware and read your labels carefully . the canister was also open when i received it with powder all over it !
 I have been using ON powder for more than 1 year . I have used chocolate and strawberry flavors and I am very satisfied with those . This one looks greats , fresh and taste good as well . After drinking this one I have cough . First I did not realize it was due to Vanilla protein shake . But it happens every time . So powder filaments do n't dissolve properly . That 's why I am giving 1 star less . 2nd star deduction is due increase in powder price . 3 star deduction is due to the fact this item is no more available under subscription . 1 star deduction is due to the fact , now I have to pay for shipping too.I must clarify this problem -LRB- sticking in my throat -RRB- is only with vanilla.When I opened packet of both Vanilla and strawberry boxes , powder looks fresh , fluffy . But with chocolate , powder does Not look fresh . Texture looks different but taste good .
 I have ordered whey many times and never had a problem but this last one -- it is horrible tasting , I was very disappointed with this product.optimum Nutrition 100 O/0 whey gold standard natural whey
 I did not care for the taste , slightly artificial and bitter which I think is due to the fact that it is sweetened in part with a Steva derivative . I will not order again .
 This review is just based on the flavor , not the product . The product is greatNot sure what made me pick this flavor , but it does n't taste that good at all!Taste : Like a chemical blend of artificial sweetener with a small hint of Vanilla extract , it taste absolutely disgusting . You would think by adding fruit or something it would taste better , but that is definitely not the case . IT CLASHES WITH EVERYTHING FRUITS/VEGES ALIKE!Bottom line
 I absolutely LOVED the original chocolate flavor of the whey protein ... so i figured ` Hey why not try out the Natural whey ' so i received it in the mail and was super excited to try it out . PFFFF to my dismay it tasted NOTHING like the original . it was chalky like , bitter ... blahhh if returning items were easier i would have definitely done that . Looks like im stuck with 2 lbs of bitter/chalky whey for a while.Only reason i put 2 stars is because of the company ; i know its giving my body what it needs but ... if youre looking for a yumming tasting whey or you think it will taste like the original . im warning you IT TASTES LIKE CRAP
 I 'm a fan of the line , I love the chocolate , but this vanilla was too fake tasting and too strong tasting . Vanilla should be subtle , this was more like taking a shot of extract .
 I am sure those who rave about the taste of this protein havent tasted the good tasting but slightly expensive proteins like Allthewhey Isolate -LRB- vanilla only -RRB- , Myofusion , musclemilk , monstermilk etc. . This is one of the worst tasting protein drink I ever had . The Stevia taste makes me vomit . So buyers beware and dont fall into the hype . Ideally taste a sample first and then buy if you like it . I wish I had done that .
 First of all I want to say I like this product , it tastes good and i love that it does n't have any toxic junk in it like most powders . That said , there was one thing I loathed right when I opened it . It was HALF FULL , here I am looking at my big , 40 $ container of protein powder , about to dive in there and slam it on some raisin bran . I open the lid , and the damn thing is half full . This is n't a one dollar bag of chips I 'm buying , it 's a 40 $ jug . From the outside , it looks like a satisfying sized container , well worth 40 $ , but why even make a container that big when you 're only filling it halfway ? I hope they do n't do this to all the jugs and mine is just a dud or an exception , because I find this rather dishonest . I 'm spending good money on this stuff .
 It smells awful . I have to hold my nose to drink it or I get nauseous . The non natural tastes phenomenal .
 I thought this would taste like most proteins but it did n't . To `` watered down '' even with milk and tastes horrible . Not enough sugar so you taste to much of the powder/protein . The taste is n't legit .
 I was very optimistic about this powder because of the great reviews . I almost threw up the first time i drank it . the label on the bottle says that it mixes well with just a spoon - it does n't . also , the natural chocolate taste is n't very chocolatey . unfortunately i bought the 5 lb bottle and am trying to find different ways to be able to take it . so far putting it in chocolate pudding is the only thing that makes it palatable . i would not recommend this for taste or texture .
 Just beware when using any of these whey protein supplements , you can get a bad case of constipation . This is exactly what happened to me . It was severe enough to require a trip to my doctor . If you insist on taking whey protein isolate , take some type of fiber at the same time .
 I 've been using other ON products and I love them . They are really fair priced and good . But this onee . . It is terrible when you drink it with water . I sometimes mix it with yogurt and thats okay . Anyway good to use but it has a bad taste .
 I think these guys need to get their act together . I read the other poor review about a broken seal , figured it was an isolated incident , and then when I got mine in the mail same thing!I unscrewed the cap and 1/2 of the seal popped off with it . I do n't how bad this is , but I 'm keeping it . You ca n't beat the price.For anyone who is bothered by a broken seal , or their product being compromised by one , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM AMAZON !
 Usually optimum nutrition products are the highest in quality , but this specific protein and flavor is one of the worst iv ever had
 I do not reccomend buying this product if you get headaches from Stevia . They just put a different name for Stevia on the ingredients label.-Jason
 i do n't know , but when i buy this product , i saw on the pictures , it says , that have ; 2g of sugars , but when i got ` it i notice that have 3g of sugars.so is nat realy what they post on here , they should post the right pictures .
 hated the flavor . Did n't like it from the first scoop , and that 's never good when you have a 5 lb bucket . the Chocolate coconut is my favorite
 I used to take this when the melamine breakout was running rampant . The same time my cats kidneys began to fail and I became extremely lean while drinking this along with Muscle Milk . Since then , which was a couple of years ago the flavor has changed from ok to worse . I used to mix it the the MM , but now ca n't stand to because the taste is so bad . MM still tastes the same . I use this with milk and bananas and it still tastes bad . Of course this review is based on a personal preference and I ca n't vouch to the results of this product , but if you liked it in the past and have not had any for a while , do n't expect it to be the same .
 This review is more about the company then the product itself . Not only did they cancel their `` Subscribe & Save '' option which I was looking forward to using and having regular shipments come at a discounted price BUT they raised their regular price , so everyone gets screwed over . I would now have to pay an additional $ 10 compared to what I used to . Not happy with this and will be looking elsewhere for my protein options !
 The price and everything is fine , and it 's not a bad product , but it seems falsely advertised . It 's really foul tasting , I mix it with unsweetened chocolate almond milk . It barely mixes with a shaker , still clumps kind of bad , but I usually drink it really fast in the morning for breakfast anyway.It tastes really awful . The stevia extract or whatever they use leaves the same sort of filmy taste in my mouth that artificial sweeteners leave , which is a pity . Had I known what it tasted like ahead of time , I would have just stuck with what I was using . I 'll go through what I have , but I wo n't be buying it again .
 With high hopes , I tried the vanilla flavored Natural Whey . Disgusting ! WAY too sweet -- almost inedible for my tastes . And the vanilla flavoring is too strong as well . What were they thinking?Still searching for a good quality whey protein with nothing artificial AND without added flavoring or sweetener . -LRB- Update
 I did n't heed the warnings of others when they said to stay away from the vanilla . At the time they had a much better deal on the vanilla over the chocolate so I went ahead and ordered it . At first I thought `` ehh . . its not so bad . . I 'll get used to it '' But it was the opposite . The more I used it , the more it disgusted me.Now I did make some smoothies with the vanilla that tasted just fine , but only because the flavor was diluted with fruit and whatnot . So if you plan on making smoothies with vanilla then I would say go for it . -LRB- Although I would just get Any Whey or some other un-flavored whey so you could control the taste a little better . -RRB- I tried mixing it with different liquids . Milk , soy milk , flavored soy milk , etc. , but nothing could get rid of the awful vanilla flavor . So by the end of the 5 pound tub I just mixed it with as little water as I could and would shoot it down in one gulp.I 'm ordering the chocolate right now ... hopefully I wo n't have the same issue.BTW
 ordered it in strawberry but the vanilla flavor came in . lucky that i kinda like vanilla but whatever , 20 bucks is a decent price . fast shipping too . now i have to deal with vanilla -LRB- bleh -RRB- for a month since i dont like the hassle of shipping it back .
 I took a double dose , two caps , twice a day for two months as directed . Nothing . Nada . You ask , `` Would the same apply to me ? '' I think so for the following reasons : There are two groups of ingredients in Ringstop.The first group is homeopathic preparations . As far as I know there has never been a valid double-blind placebo-controlled study demonstrating the effectiveness of any homeopathic remedy in treating any condition , let alone something as intractable as tinnitus.The second group of ingredients is a list of minerals , vitamins and herbs , but with no amounts given . No mgs or mcgs . In the supplement industry when someone does this it is usually thought to be `` pixie dust '' . That means the quantities are so small as to be nutritionally insignificant but you can still claim that they are in the product . Even the lengthy brochure inside the box says nothing about the quantities of these ingredients . It does mention that there is no cure for tinnitus though . But I did not even experience a temporary reduction of symptoms.Given all of the above I am not only disappointed in Dr Bob , I am downright suspicious of him .
 I swore by the pink Caladryl for mosquito bites , and still do . The local CVS did n't have anything but the clear stuff , so I bought it , because the formula seemed to be the same . Well , I have been trying it for a week now and it actually seems to make my bites worse . I came online to look for the pink stuff and thank God it 's still available , but I just had to leave this review . I am going to buy about twelve bottles of the pink stuff and keep it stashed in case they discontinue the stuff . May be the clear stuff works for other stuff , but it did NOTHING for my mosquito bites and the pink Caladryl gets rid of the itching and the bite is gone in 24 hours . With the clear stuff , the bites been around now for three days and no sign of abating . Sorry , but I only gave a single star because the system made me , I would have given zero starts for something that did n't perform the way it used to for me . I just ca n't help but think why would they take something that worked and `` deprove '' it . I did n't care what color it was . I cared that it was amazing on mosquito bites .
 Of these 4 tools , only 2 are worth keeping . The Davinci tool -LRB- the red one -RRB- actually hurt me more . The accu-massage is pretty worthless . The Back Buddy mini is good as is the Back Buddy . The Back buddy is my favorite . I use it more for stretching than for massage . It 's not worth it to get this set though for only those two .
 Davinci tool is way too soft . I am a small woman and it easily folds under my weight . Other tools are great .
 I bought this set along with 2 trigger pressure point books highly recommended by other consumers on amazon . All four of these devices get great reviews on line , so I bought this set to save some money . The only one that is remotely useful to me us the Accu-Massager -LRB- the white nun chuck looking thing with the two balls attached . The Davinci tool is totally useless -- I think you would get the same results putting a tennis ball under any muscle . The shape is odd and pointy , so it feels really uncomfortable . Not at all ergonomic . I had high hopes for the two curved devices , as they seem to have a bazillion uses , but they are cumbersome to use . You have to exert so much energy in to pushing and prodding yourself , that there really is no relief . It 's counter-productive , in m opinion . The Accu-Massager , however , is great . With minimal effort , your sore spots -LRB- neck , shoulders , calves -RRB- are kneaded by two firm yet flex balls . Amazon sells this device on its own or with a massage ball -LRB- I got this duo -RRB- for a much lower price . I suggest buying that over this four-piece kit bc it is the only one that really works .
 This product contains a whole bunch of extra herbs in it -LRB- dandelion , etc -RRB- , that I was not aware of when ordering ! They do n't even list the amount in the product , so I did n't even open it . I was able to order the Deva vitamins that have more vitamin D and do n't have any surprise supplements . I 'm looking for just plain vitamins and NOT any surprises !
 Curiously , the Amazon search page image for this product is different than what the actual product page displays . I had a pair of the black plastic rock 'n roll series plugs . They are made of a thin plastic/rubber compound , which makes them washable and thus reusable . Except for one problem . There is a stem in the middle of the plugs to help insert them into and pull them out of the ear . That stem broke on my other plug the second time I ever used it , rendering the plug unusable . I also found that the plugs were difficult to `` balance '' , that is , get the same amount of sound filtering in each ear . That could , of course , be an anatomical issue . In any case , I would recommend some other type of plug for concert-goers .
 I work in a live band venue and I was hoping these earplugs might help , but they are useless . They are impossible to insert properly and must be removed every time a customer speaks , if you want to be able to actually hear them . The cheap foam plugs insert better , remove easily and all around work better .
 go for a higher-quality product . with this one , you get only what you pay for - which is n't much .
 The thing just did n't fit in my ears !!! and the plastic case it 's china 's worse , do n't even close properly
 My mother recommended that I try Royal Jelly . Not this brand but to try the product in general . Supposedly it works wonders fo arthritis pain and other ailments . And I know other people have felt the effects of this product but i have n't . I will say the taste is n't bad and it looks like regular honey but other than satisfying your sweet tooth i do n't see the benefit of this product .
 This product is too weak . I can buy something stronger at the Walgreens down the street .
 I 've been taking these for years for a chronic condition , following my doctor 's advice taking 5 a day , and they seemed to help . Recently I got packs with half brown half ivory beads , within the sell-by date . I took them as normal , but after a week or so , the condition for which I take them re-occurred . So I thought maybe the brownish beads have no live cultures in . I opened one , and the oil in there tasted really rancid . I called Natrol , they told me the brownish color is normal and does not affect the effectiveness of the product . Somehow I do n't believe this , especially as it never happened for years , is not stated on the pack , plus given my own experience . Does anyone else have experience with the brown coloured ones ? -LRB- I returned what I had n't used . I had ordered from Swanson . -RRB- Natrol BioBeads Probiotic Acidophilus Complex , Dietary Supplement , Beads , Value Size , 90 beads
 The product is very good when taken before the expiration date . Discount Drugs send outdated or nearly outdated product . Buy from another company . I love the BioBeads & have switched vendors .
 This is only 0.165 oz of cream . the volume is about half of your thumb . It is not worth $ 5 and $ 5 shipping .
 I bought this on recommendation from a friend . I did n't notice anything different while taking it , I would n't recommend it .
 I can not eat soybean oil or other soy products . I reviewed several online products , and this one did not mention soybean in the ingredients at least that I saw . But in fact , when it arrived and I read all of the ingredients it did in fact contain soybean . So I had to mail it back . I wish I could obtain a CoQ10 product without soybean.Pat Gladden
 I ordered this product after carefully reviewing many products because I am allergic to soy . This one clearly states , `` Contains no yeast , wheat , corn , milk , egg , soy , glutens , or sugar '' , but when I received it the first of the ` other ' ingredients is Soybean Oil . I did n't give it one star because I could n't try it and rightfully say I hated it , I just do n't like the fact of the soy . For others it probably is a great deal .
 The ad for these CoQ10 softgels specifically says that they are soy free , which is why I putchased them . Unfortunately , it was only after getting them , opening them that I read the label which says they have soy as an ingredient . For someone who can not have soy , this was a true eye opener . Never , ever go by what you read about a product listed on Amazon . Make sure to check the label .
 Very weak strawberry flavor , good lubrication . You can do better try pipedreams liquid love in heart shaped 4oz . bottle much better flavor and warming -LRB- be sure to transfer pipedreams lube to another bottle as their caps frequently leak .
 they are too squishy to stay in my ear , and within a minute they pop right back out ! While they are in they do n't really block out much noise .
 I purchaced all 3 of the Clarity products from Amazon . Great service from Amazon . The Fog Eliminator did n't work for me . I could easily breath fog onto my glasses and motorcycle lens after I applied it . I also got the Clarity Anti-fog wipes and the liquid concentrate . The concentrate and the wipes work very well . I tried to fog up my glasses and motorcycle helmet lens and could not do it . Amazing stuff . So far it seems to last a couple days . If I clean my lenses , I need to apply some of the anti-fog , either concentrate of wipes . They both work great . First product that I have found that works on my glasses and helmet lens . I highly recommend the Anti-Fog wipes and liquid concentrate .
 I did n't really notice any change while taking this product . My recovery time seemed the same . Other products on the market seem to be better at decreasing soreness and recovery time . Check out ON 's recovery drink . Worked wonders for me .
 Not sure why but I did not see any results from taking this supplement . Plan to not purchase again and gave away the rest of my pills to my sister ; hopefully it works for her ...
 I believed the hype and suffered accordingly ! I took this product for the recommended 3 days , within 1 week I developed an extremely painful boil in a very sensitive area . This was the 1st time in my whole life that I had to deal with a boil and although I can not prove the cause , it seems likely that it was due to the use of the 4Life Transfer Factor Classic product . At this point , I wo n't ever use this product for my dogs or myself . Save your money and do not buy this crap !
 I live in Thailand . And , after taking this product for 2 months , I begin to believe there is melamine in this products . I am not so sure but the products has been labeld in Thai language and may be they are not made in USA but in Mexico or China instead . Not recommend if you buy this outside USA or you better check your kidney functions frequently .
 I have no idea what all those people are saying but these bars do n't taste that great ... it is full of sugar and high fructose corn syrup . I much prefer luna bars or the south beach meal bars -- which all taste tons better and are healthier .
 At one time these bars were my favorite . Tasty and soft . Now they are suitable to be used as paving stones . I have purchased from three or four different Amazon suppliers . Each time the result has been the same - hard and unpleasant to chew . I have stopped purchasing the Genisoy Chocolate Fudge Brownies and now purchase and eat Cliff Bars exclusively . A shame , but life goes on . Even without you Genisoy .
 I was excited to repurchased these bars after I took 2 years off from eating them . I have two children under 18 months old and was pregnant A LOT and the dr said to stay away from soy based products while pregnant . Anyway , when they arrived I was surprised that the packaging was different -LRB- not as shown here -RRB- and that the bar is a new recipe and shape . They are more square like a balance bar , a little less in calories -LRB- maybe by 10 or so -RRB- and the taste IS TERRIBLE !!! Almost the consistency of an Atkins bar or some other low carb tasting crap -LRB- even though these are not low carb -RRB- I only wish I read the one reviewer warning of this new taste before I bought these . What a waste of $ 13 . : - -LRB-
 I ordered this product because I hate mixing huge amounts of creatine with water or juice . I could hardly tolerate the taste of this stuff . It is supposed to be fruit punch flavored but the taste was terrible .
 I purchased this `` doodle pad '' for someone who likes to scribble while on the phone . As pictured and described it seemed like a great gift . Unfortunately , I should have been weary of the product name - `` Pro/Con '' - as that was what came in the mail . An ugly pea green color with two columns for , you guessed it , pros and cons about a situation.This seller needs to update their product information so that it accurately details that which they are selling .
 This mulivitamin is very strong . I do not recommend if you are sensitive to vitamis or just have a sensitive stomache . I had bad heart burn and diarreah . I have taken many other different multivitamin brands , this is by far the worst .
 Im giving this product 2 stars not because its necessarily a bad product , but because I ran it past my Doctor who told me to throw them in the garbage . The list of ingredients is long and includes many herbs that can cause adverse reactions in people if not immediately , through drug interactions or over time . I thought the more ingredients the better , I was wrong . I liked the capsule , and like that it does not upset my stomach , but in the end I had to ask myself if it was worth risks and decided I 'd follow my Doctors advice and just go with a basic Centrum Vitamin . So use these at your own risk .
 Opti Women vitamins made me terribly sick . I warn other women to ask the company for a sample before you spend all that money . Had to throw mine away .
 I took it because my cousin recommended it to me , but this thing has me alert like crazy . I only took one during the day and it would n't let me sleep . I tried it for 4 days and i gave up ... maybe for someone else .
 Hi . I just got my Opti-Women I 've ordered . When I open de bottle it was awkwardly powdery as if one capsule has poped up inside bottle and spread the powder . I do n't know if this normal since this is my first time consuming the product ; but if it is its very unpleasant having my finger all powdered everytime I took one capsule out . Thats why am giving it 2 star ...
 As a person who suffers a fatigue syndrome and an autoimmune disease , I was excited to see so many reviews on how these vitamins gave people great energy ! Even though I knew it would n't make me top shape , I thought it would give me a little edge on my day . How wrong was I ! First , the pills made me sick to my stomach . I tried taking them at various points in the day , still had the same results . Second , the vitamins made me sleepier than before ! I found myself after a 8 hour night of sleep needing a 2-3 hour nap after taking these pills . That 's very bizarre and not helpful in the least . Thirdly , these pills made me eat like eating was going out of fashion . I only stayed on these for a month and then went back to One-a-day . These side-effects had me thinking I was pregnant , and that 's not cool ! The only reason they did n't get just one star is because they did help my nails grow .
 I got these because I love MOSTLY every ON product . When I recieved them and opened the jar and they were kind of dusty and powdery like one had opened up inside . The smell is fishy so everytime I take them I have to wipe the residue thats left on the capsules . I thought they were the hard plastic pills not the see through old school ones .
 Not good product , stomach problem and headache . I would n't recommend it . The low price does not give a good sign that this is a quality product .
 Gaba is supposed to have a relaxing effect , and this product did make me tired , but , also there was restless leg syndrome , and restless body syndrome to go along with it , so I was tired , yet , could not sleep because of the terrible feeling in my body!I use have been using Gaba for about 6 months and have had luck with Gnc 's brand , and Now 's brand.I would not recommend this product , although it did make me tired , the side effects were not pleasant .
 After having spent hours making labels and applying todraws for my craft supplies all the tape popped off within 24 hours.Now to be fair , it was summer and the east coast is humid butI had old tape , 25-30 years old that still clung , just ran out of it.The company I purchased from offered to replace it if I were to send backthe remaining tape but it was more trouble -LRB- finding a box , boxing it up , taking to PO , and standing on line -RRB- then it was worth.I printed my own labels and used tape .
 I had surgery last year to clean up arthritis in both knees . However I still have pain and stiffness which limits what I can do . The surgeon recommended this supplement . I was hoping to give it a trial for several months , but it affected my stomach and I finally gave up on it after 6 weeks . My knees felt considerably worse while I was taking it . For me , I think knee replacements are the answer .
 I paid more for this product because it was described as being in tablet form . -LRB- Many medical dictionaries describe a tablet as round and compact -RRB- . In fact , it is a long , thick capsule . If you have trouble swallowing , this may not be a good product for you . It does contain the supplements listed , which have helped my old knees . Since I 've been taking Glucosamine Chondroitin , I can walk further without discomfort . I recommend the supplements , but not the form .
 The components are excellent but it is a very low dose . At Costco I found a higher dose for a little more money .
 The head popped off and I cut myself the first time I tried to use it . POS . Buy a Remington Code instead . Less money , just as cool to look at and it has Remington quality.KJ
 I notice this product is getting dinged , which is actually a good thing , but it 's getting dinged for all the wrong reasons.Those who are complaining that this blade is n't sharp and needs to be honed either do n't know or are n't telling you that even a $ 900 + custom made razor with a damascus steel blade and human legbone scales -LRB- handle -RRB- is n't going to be `` shave ready '' when it arrives in your mailbox . You either need to hone it yourself or send it to a professional to have it honed . You also need to strop it before every use . So those who are dinging this product for not being sharp are just ignorant of how products in this market are sold and what the buyer is expected to do with them before using them . This is like complaining a brand new car would n't start when you got it home because you did n't put gas in it on the way home from the dealership . That should not reflect on the car!The reason this product * should * be dinged , IMO , is because it is a cheap asian knock-off import . It 's a poor product made from poor components and I 'd hate for any straight razor newbies to have their first experience with this and then never try wet shaving again . Head on over to StraightRazorPlace and check out all of the tutorials that will push you in the right direction .
 I wanted to get real with straight razor and shave propperly and with style ... the thing is I bought this razor unknowing a lot of things about straight razors ... 1 - its stainless steel which makes it really really hard to hone , if you can get it honed then it wont be as sharp `` my first shaving with it was torture ! '' ... 2 - its pretty bad quality `` the weight is not well balanced `` 3 - it wont shave you ... get a DOVO ! and first learn about straight razors ... there is a web page called straightrazorplace ask around dont get disappointed like me !
 Kriegar does not make razors , they make cheap knives . The edge on this blade is unacceptable for shaving , and can not be honed . I would recommend this products as an interesting letter-opener , but certainly not as a shaver . Do n't waste your money .
 In fact , they are not something ANYBODY should purchase.As a reviewer above stated , nearly all razors sold are sold NOT shave-ready . You must have the proper equipment and material to hone a razor , and know how to do it . It is not the same as sharpening a knife . Then the razor must be stropped before each use.That is for a RAZOR . These things are merely razor-shaped objects . The steel will not support a proper shaving edge . Under a microscope at 400x , you will see the edge all crumbled and broken , even after a progression ending with a 12k Naniwa finisher or 1u lapping film . Beyond about 1k to 4k , you simply can not improve the edge . It is generally acknowledged that a proper edge off an 8k ansi grit synthetic stone such as a Norton is about the minimum for a decent shave . 12k to 20k is a better finish and the best practical edge for most razors.Anyone disputing these facts should take one of these razors and shave with it daily for a couple of weeks and compare his shave to a DE or cartridge shave and report back . Guess what ? It wo n't happen.Most razors in this price range , including ALL Pakistani razors that I have tried , are made from inferior steel . The outstanding exception are the Gold Dollar / Gold Monkey / Double Arrow razors from China . They are made from good steel , but they take a lot of work by a knowledgeable person to be made shave-ready , because they share one fault with these other razors ... they are made by unskilled workers who do not know straight razors , and who in fact have never even shaved with one . They are designed to look just like the picture of a razor downloaded from the www . I HAVE fixed many Gold Dollars , and they shave quite well when properly set up and honed , but rare is it that one shows up that only needs a simple honing to work well.If you want a cheap razor and you do not know how to hone one , or do not have a decent progression of stones from 1k to 12k of decent -LRB- 3 '' x 8 '' or longer -RRB- size , there are options . You wo n't find a shave-ready razor for $ 7 , so forget about that . But you will find shave-ready vintage oldies but goodies pretty darn cheap at www.whippeddog.com or on the BST forums of www.badgerandblade.com . Ebay razors , unless specifically stated to be shave-ready by a reputable honemeister , are NOT shave-ready , though there are a lot of gems in the rough out there that go for $ 10 to $ 20 that will be just fine after being professionally honed.Before buying any razor or anything that looks like a razor , I suggest joining one of the online forums and absorbing a little knowledge , before you shell out a handful of bills on something that will only make you angry when you try to use it.These razor-shaped knives do make dandy box cutters and letter openers , though .
 This is a HORRIBLE RAZOR and is not WORTH UR MONEY ! If you are just getting into shaving like me and think that its smart to start cheap , thats a VERY BAD idea.The blade is very cheap and in not hollow and no matter how much u hone it , IT WILL NEVER SHAVE . Total waste of money , be smart from the beginning and do n'tmake the same mistake I did . Invest in a quality DOVO blade for around $ 100 so that u can ACTUALLY shave . I did n't spend enough time learning about straight razorsbefore i bought this and that was a mistake .
 Cheap pos do not waste your money . It is a know that is for sure it is not a razor do not make the mistake of thinking this will be a shave worthy razor . It has a cheap plastic handle the blade is dull and not able to shave at all . I would not and will not buy from this company again I wish I had read the bad reviews before hand , and I hope that you are reading this now and not when it is to late like me .
 This is more of a pocket knife than a shaving razor . I took it to get it honed and the man had to create a new edge on the blade . DO NOT BUY THIS FOR SHAVING ! Spend the extra money to buy a quality razor . Straight razor shaving is an expensive endeavor to start but well worth the money when you start shaving this way . Someone else mentioned the website called straightrazorplace.com and I highly recommend that you read their wiki on getting started with straight razor shaving . In that article you can find a list of razors to avoid . This is one of them.The best thing that I can say about this razor is that it ships fast and arrives fast . I also like the looks of it.Do a google search for Colonel Conk and check out their products . You can find them for sale on Amazon but it should also give you a good idea of some of the products you should be looking for . Another good website is badgerandblade.com .
 this is a beautiful knife , but when i recieved it , it was very poorly sharpened , it did n't even cut any hairs off the underside of my arm without really scraping it hard . a strop and my soft stone were not enough to sharpen it , it needs to be taken back to the manufacturer to be recut . I was a bit dissapointed .
 Razor feels cheap and does not hold an edge well . Blade was not ground straight at factory so it took a considerable amount of time on the water stones to get a workable edge . Not recommended .
 This product is what it is described as a knife that is a razor look alike . Not intended to be used for shaving there was no information about shaving or being efficient for shaving . I wish I would have done research on straight razors and spent the right amount of money on a good razor because they will usually last a life time . With that said I think I will sharpen the knife and use it as a envelope opener .
 i have sharpened blades for 25 years these razors are the poorest quality steel you can get i would rate this -10 if i could DO NOT BUY unless you need nice handles for your own blade
 This item could be used as a knife and nothing else . I am very unhappy with this purchase . This straight razor is dull and would have to be professionally honed or re-cut .
 Okay , so originally I thought that I would be able to sharpen this blade to straight razor standard quality . I was completely wrong . I have worked the blade for almost 2 weeks now using an array of different stones and have produced a razor edge on it , however , I just can not seem to get it sharp enough to shave with . Sure , it will cut hair , but if you try to shave your face with it , you will end up with the worst case of razor burn known to man . The steel is of extremely low quality and I now believe to be impossible to get that extra fine edge on it . Also , the hinge is extremely loose which can prove to be very dangerous while trying to strop the blade . I have tried to tighten it , but to no avail . On the plus side , working this blade , I have learned the proper way and angle to hone a straight razor . I did manage to scuff the edge of the spine while honing , and if this were a $ 100 dollar blade , I would be rather upset at myself . So , in my humble opinion , this blade is a good practice blade . Not for shaving , but for learning the proper way to hone and strop . As with any blade , please use extreme caution while working with it . Good luck , and remember , you get what you pay for ...
 This razor does look nice but I feel as if that is all it does . When it came to me in the mail , I had to sharpen the edge and hone it because it was not sharpened . When I did get a nice edge , and finally used it it would not hold the edge worth anything . In my opinion you are better off using this money on a better made blade with a harder steel . Also I would not recommend a new user on getting this one because they will have a miserable experience .
 Really , really , really , dull I even stropped it and nothing . I brought 2 of them they both the same very dull .
 I 'm a novice when it comes to straight razors , but even I know a razor is n't supposed to weigh as heavy as a brick . The price is good but the razor is n't worth it . Do yourself a favor and buy a restored antique blade or if you wan na fork over 80 bucks or so for a DOVO . Since buying this blade , which has terrible balance and an awkward handle , I went and bough 3 other antique razors . I personally sharpened , honed and stropped each one and they are extremely sharp ! so do yourself a favor , skip this china knockoff and buy yourself something worth while , after all it is your face .
 Why to heavy in the back end and we tried sharing the blade for hours I bought another brand it balances it self right amount of weight and shared it in about a half hour
 Fake . Blade rotates more than 270 degrees with no resistance and is still hard to open . Blade is NOT `` razor quality . '' Looks nice , does n't cut , dangerous to user . Do n't buy it !
 I bought one of these when I was relatively new in straight razor shaving , and I did n't do my homework , that is , read up on good and bad brands.So when I got it , impossible to shave with it . Of course I know that a new straight razor is rarely really shave-ready -LRB- I 've had a shave-ready razor from Thiers-Issard but this was an exceptions -RRB- . But this one in the end was impossible to sharpen up to a level I could shave with it.I threw it away . It should be forbidden to sell it as it is sold , giving the impression that you could shave with this . You ca n't . Period .
 I apologize for being so bold , however anyone that purchases a Kriegar Staright Razors is an idiot . The one that I received had several nicks in the blade , was Heavy and manufactured in China . As I began the review process , one question was , `` how do you rate this item ? '' I gave it one star , however it does not deserve any , and I really rate it at a zero .
 It was n't too expensive and it was as dull as a butterknife . I could not shave with it . I tried to sharpen it but it did n't work . There was no one in my area that knows how to sharpen them and I did n't want to pay $ 70 for a hone since I was fearful it still would n't work . It was a total loss .
 If you think this thing will shave your face , think again . I made the mistake , and now it just sits there on my shelf like a decoration . You dont want stainless steal knives for shaving men , trust me it will not hold an edge .
 I bought this before I knew what I was looking for . It 's a waste.These were what I was looking for :[ ... -RSB-
 blades stainless steel and not even hollow ground so although it looks beautiful it utterly worthless for shaving
 doesnt come with an edge and you cant get an edge put on it . Also I wish it told you it was made in china . i try not to buy anything made in china . support America By American .
 Ordered it was very DULL could n't cut jello with this let alone shave with it . Unless you know how to sharpen it do n't get it . On another note though it looks really nice .
 Great deal pricewise , but i took this item to get sharpened by a professional , and was still not able to get it sharp eneough to shave with . 10.00 worth of steel , it is a good novelty item or if you want to have something flashy to cut some string . Stropped and honed BY a professional ... cant shave the hair of my chinny chin chin . DONT BUY IT TO SHAVE ! I would have sent it back , but 10 bucks is a lesson , to do research before you buy .
 it is awfull wouldent even cut the thinish hair i had on my arm it is the worst knife ive ever bought
 bought this a long while back , tried using it and could n't get anywhere with it . It 'll scrape at the hairs , but does n't really cut em , ended up buying a different razor to do the job
 I was not to impressed with this KRIEGAR PEARL HANDLED KNIFE . This is a nice cheap tool , I wont use it on my husbands neck . If you collect this is great just not as an shaver . gg
 Ordered for my Mom . The 1st one arrived with only one side working . Amazon was VERY good about replacing it . The 2nd one worked for three daysand then stopped -- never to work again . Now my elderly Mother has to try to repackage the heavy thing to send it back . UPS will pick it up at no charge to me thanks to Amazon . But my `` present '' has turned into a pain for my mom .
 We bought one , the roller in the one side snapped off . We returned it and got another one . Now the exact same thing happened . The roller in the one side snapped off . The person using it is a 77 year old man , so it is n't like he is being rough with it or has muscular legs . The massager has a defect . I am fighting for my money back now . Amazon says it is past the 30 days for a refund .
 I bought this for my handicapped wife and we used it 3 times .4 th time , paddle on right side broke . Should have went with the crappy reviews and not bought it.Total junk , BTW warranty is 2 years , BUT you have to pay to ship it to HOM and back . I had the unit for UNDER 20 days and its brokenJUNK !!! Buy another brand
 You do not want to keep your legs into the `` Massager '' very long , Because it does not feel good at all . Poorly engineered . I just gave to Habitat .
 This product needs to be right up to the chair/sofa and it seems to sit too high for a 5 ' 4 '' person . Then the controls are located in front which means you ca n't reach it when it is pushed against the chair . I like ottomans that can double as extra seating and this is definitely not one that would support a person sitting on it . It is rather unattractive as well . I got it yesterday and sent it back today . As for the crucial functional part , I was unimpressed with the massage function . I guess I have been spoiled by the complete chair massagers as featured at Sharper Image Stores . In rereading the reviews , it appears most people who appreciate these type of machines have painful chronic foot problems which are helped . Otherwise for healthy people , I imagine just taking a walk would do as much for you . It was a very low price but in the end , I would not have wanted it for free . I was originally going to get it as gift for my mother , but it is too awkward for an older person to get into .
 I am very disappointed in this purchase , it is not what I thought it was going to be . It is way too big & tall for the average person to sit at a confortable chair to use it . I tried to return it , but it was going to cost me more to send it back then I paid for it . Not happy at all , now I know why I like to shop in a store . At least there you know what you are buying .
 The product was broken when it was taken out of the box Christmas day . I am having difficulty getting the problem taken care of .
 The toilet seat covers are -LRB- a -RRB- too small to cover your average toilet seat fully , -LRB- b -RRB- have a piece of paper covering the `` hole '' which must be removed , but is sufficiently strongly attached -LRB- or rather , the paper 's so fragile -RRB- that the cover is often torn in the attempt , and -LRB- c -RRB- the cover is thin , non-waxed paper , meaning that * the slightest * bit of moisture penetrates it completely -LRB- it is moisture on toilet seats , not dry seats , that harbors infectious agents . -RRB- In other words , they 're small , they break easily , and they 're entirely ineffective . Useless .
 I can see a small improvement , or maybe I really would like to see an improvement . It feels as if my breast have filled in some , after breastfeeding 3 babies and being over 40 I need all the help I can get .
 These are the worst tasting vitamins ever ! I do n't mind the vitamin taste ... expected that . It 's hard to describe how bad they taste ... ca n't get past it . Too bad , because they seem to be a good product and have no artificial sweeteners . Maybe they need a little bit -LRB- or a lot -RRB- of sweetners -LRB- artificial or otherwise -RRB- , which is what I was trying to avoid . Yuck !!
 and smell . I could not get my 9 yr . olds to take these . One kid would not even taste after smelling them . They may be great vitamins but if you ca n't get them IN the kids , it does n't matter .
 Well , I 'm sure these provide great nutrition , but not if the kids wo n't take them . I tasted one because my son would not eat them and let me say these are absolutely the worst tasting vitamin . So , while they are chock full of good stuff , they are , equally , chock full of nasty taste . YUK !!!!!
 I LIKED THIS PRODUCT AT FIRST BECAUSE IT HAS A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS IN IT MOST DONT HAVE . tHEN I FOUND OUT IT HAD MAGNESIUM STEARATE WHICH LESSONS THE ABSORPTION OF THE VITAMINS BY 60 % !!!
 Do not waste your money on this . It is extreamly hard to get on and does almost nothing when it is on .
 I ordered this stimulator as a replacement for a previously purchased one , but the quality has gone downhill over the last several years - the material was stuck to itself , to the plastic wrapper , and stuck to my fingers when I took it out of the packaging . Amazon was FANTASTIC in replacing the first one with a new one , but it arrived in the same condition - they graciously refunded my money . The Florida heat during shipping/delivery may have contributed to the problem , but I am surprised it would happen to two delivered in a short period of time . I received one while living in Illinois and it was great - lasted many years and we had many great times .
 The battery died the same day and it says that it has multiple power levels but it only has one .
 Felt nothing . Save your money . I live in the Bay Area . If you wan na try this , come pick up mine for free .
 i took 2 and waited . later i took 2 more ... next i took 2 more . . etc. this `` supplement '' has had no effect whatsoever on me . i suspect it is just another of many , many placebos
 Hi ... was so psyched for this but its a dud.Needs to be stronger ... this is so weak it could n't move a balloon ! -LRB- sorry -RRB-
 idk how this is because i have gotten the wrong item they gave me the venus butterfly instead of the item in the picture so iam sending it back and hope they give me the right one ive been ordering off of amazon for awhile now and had not one problem so i hope they fix it
 VERY poor quality . The butterfly 's wings are just too big/floppy . The shaft is almost TOO long . Those pearls make a terrible grinding noise -- until they stop moving altogether because they 've jammed .
 Everything was ok I received the product early than I expected but the only bad thing that I noticed is that I couln 'd find an expiration day in the bottle , so this is very suspicious cuz I do n't know if I 'll be taking somethimg that it is out of date.Only for that he gets only 2 stars .
 They have changed the formula for this product dramatically . If you compare the ingredients between the old formula and the new , there is only overlap of THREE ingredients ! Buyer Beware !
 Please guys ... I do n't recommend you buying the products online from someone you do not know . Please find a Distributor near you ... their are millions of them everywhere ; like myself . If you have any questions do n't hesitate to ask . I 'm a certified Herbalife Distributor .
 I bought this product to help curb my appetite and instead it made me HUNGRIER !! This product must not have the sufficient amount of hoodia to work because it did nothing for me .
 I hate to go against the tide here , but I have to say I just do n't like these particular bars . While the `` mouth-feel '' is great -- the chocolate bottoms melt in your mouth and the bar itself has a satisfying crunch -- I found the taste to be quite off . The taste test I use is this
 I wo n't be buying these again . The taste is somehow vitaminy , bland and mediciney all at the same time . Although the label says `` peanut butter , '' it does n't really taste like peanut butter . The texture is like baby food . And finally , the super-thin coating is dark chocolate -LRB- yuck -RRB- instead of more-flavorful milk chocolate -LRB- even carob would have been a step up in flavor -RRB- .
 I do n't care for these readers . I own about 40 pair of reading glasses . I 'm helpless without them . I wear them on my head . I liked the idea of wearing them around my neck instead . They are difficult to adjust . They do n't adjust properly for me . They are stiff and cumbersome . Maybe they work better for large heads , I do n't know . I 'm an average-size woman . I 'll stick to my Wal-Mart $ 7.99 readers .
 These glasses work as advertised but are very uncomfortable to wear . I would not recommend them .
 I tried these , because I got tired of losing my glasses . They are too tight on my head , as I ca n't slide them down my nose as I do normal reading glasses.As I am a nurse I am constantly going from needing to see closely to not and back again . I like wearing my glasses on the tip of my nose , and these did not allow me to do it , therefore I never wear them .
 Glasses are good until after a month it goes from clear to green and leaves green dye on your face . Buy the black ones though because the glasses are sound and tough , but not the clear .
 These glasses were recommended by a man . I did n't find them to be as practical as he did , because they get caught in my long hair . They do n't look particularly attractive on me , partly because they do n't fit very well . I 'm returning them in favor of my `` drugstore '' readers .
 I was very disappointed with the way the glasses fit . I was away when the glasses arrived . When I returned , I found that I missed the deadline in sending them back .
 Sent them back . Was not what I was expecting . The head band part is ridged and not flexable . Uncomfortable over ears and forget about having a ponytail in because it will not fit over or under one .
 I was very disappointed in the Clic Readers . The glasses themselves were great butI purchased them for my wife and she will hardly use them because the strap was tooshort . Even after adjusted all the way out . So now she has a pair that are kept in the drawer and will never be used .
 Good concept . Like others who have reviewed the product , it is just a little too small for my big head so the glasses jam up against my eyeballs particularly when I bend my head back . Too bad because I so wanted this to work for me .
 The extention on the arms is not long enough to fit my head.It needs to come out about another inch or two.That would give you more of an adjustment.Do you have another size ? I would be glad to swap .
 I did n't think I had that large of a head , the closed loop of these glasses , and the limited adjustability made my purchase impossible to use.Good quality construction , but definitely for those with small heads .
 These are clumsy ... I agree with Keith , in the review above . My hubby has a big neck -LRB- from football physique -RRB- and these are not comfortable for him . I would still like the magnetic front closure , but it would be nice if the back , that goes around your neck , were a bit more flexible.As it is now , I have to unconnect these so many times , it 's irritating . They do n't just slide off , like on a chain of rope . You have to pull them apart and connect them around your neck . Then pull them apart and re-adjust them on the bridge of your nose . I know this sounds petty , or silly , but until you wear them , it 's hard to explain . You ca n't just ` flick ' them off ... they are wrapped around your head . I think you will either love or hate this feature.Also , I would prefer that the magnifying lenses be like half-lenses so if I have to get up and walk around , or look at something in the distance , I could just look over the tops of the lenses.Maybe it 's all in what you 're used to ... but I wo n't buy another pair until there are some changes in the design .
 When my friend told me that she saw these glasses hanging around a woman 's neck and how they worked I had to have them!Well , I have them and rarely , if ever , wear them.The frame is made of a stiff material , so first and foremost , if you want to rest your head on the back of a chair or carseat , they are pushed forward , off of your face . When hanging around the neck , one ca n't just slide them up to the eyes , they must be opened and put on above at the forehead and slid into place . And they 're not attractive looking when on , either.In other words , they 're a pain in the neck !
 I read the reviews before purchasing these glasses . I did not think I would have any problem with the size as I have a fairly small head size . They cut into the side of my temples and above my ear and were unwearable . I am returning them !
 I do n't make it habit to write reviews on products , but I feel compelled to express my dissatisfaction with this product . I gave it a 1 star as I can see absolutely no redeeming qualities . What I do not like
 Nice idea and they seem well made , but if your head is larger than average , they wo n't fit.As soon as I tilt my head up , they un-snap . A shame really ... Just read about the inventor in Fortune Small Business and it 's a great story , but an investment in other sizes would be wise .
 They are good but not great . My head is not parade float size , but they are snug to uncomfortable after wearing they for a while.I must 've missed the fact that the neck strap is rigid . If you tilt your head up , it will be annoying because that neck strap/pipe thing will push the glasses forward.I got the clear , the downside is the magnet is visible so you will be rocking a Revenge of the Nerds taped glasses look.Otherwise , good reading glasses . Too big for my taste , going back to cheaper readers with an over the counter cloth neck strap . Those are not worth the expense .
 This product should be available in stores in order to be tried on to determine fit and feel . Does not work well with long hair . I found it to be more a hassle than a help .
 These glasses are very sturdy but they 're so stiff and wide around your head that they do n't stay on your nose . My neck aches when I wear them . Save your money ...
 Looked like a great invention - UNFORTUNATELY , glasses are too tight around my head - I do not have a small head but not a large one either-Needless to say , these do not work at all .
 At first I thought it would be a good idea ... but actually they look horrible - like saftey glasses or something . Maybe if you are a geeky guy these are a good solution - but if you want to avoid looking like an idiot you should move on to something more stylish
 these things are extremely tight and dont position far enough down my nose . They definatley need a larger version .
 This is a good idea , but if you are a large man with a large neck and a large face , these glasses will not fit you.I gave mine away to a friend that could fit them .
 These glasses were a bit of a disappointment . The convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . And actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . Great idea but maybe some `` fine tuning '' would help ... like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck .
 If your hat size is 7.5 or above skip this product .
 The idea of these glasses is truly great . Unfortunately , I had to get rid of them because my face started to swell up and my skin felt strange plus I got headaches . Finally , I figured out that this was caused by the built-in magnet on the bridge of the glasses . The symptoms went away when I stopped wearing the glasses . I miss them , but I can not wear them , it was a frightening experience.Anybody who is considering wearing these glasses and is sensitive or allergic in any way , watch out !!!
 Over 2 yrs , bought 5 pair . All broke in same place , behind the left ear , rendering them unusuable . Clic company took no responsibility , just suggested buying more . Too bad . Sold lots of them to others . They had the same problem after a few months . A responsible company would listen . They did n't .
 These glasses do not work . not only do they look cheap -LRB- worst of plastic ever ! -RRB- they never fit anyone properly !! and the lenses are even worst ! they fog up so easily , scratch even with tissue and none of the four i bought have the right prescribed reading grade . save your money - not even worth a penny . If you must have them , the black looks half way decent . Red really looks the worst of the bunch - looks like toy plastic .
 Idea is OK -LRB- because of television -RRB- , but the glasses will only fit a VERY small person or someone with a very narrow head - less the size 7 !!!!
 I tried to purchase a CliC reader -- unfortunately , I was NOT allowed to do so as I live in Australia!The idea sounds great , and probably lots of my friends in our embroidery group -LRB- and their friends -RRB- would have been interested as well , but - I ca n't purchase the initial set.Bit short-sighted -- I definitely will NOT buy at an inflated price at your choice of importer .
 GOOD IDEA , BUT THEY LOOK VERY GEEKY . WHEN THEY CONNECT , THEY ARE TOO TIGHT . OK FOR AROUND THE HOUSE , FISHING ETC. , BUT DO N'T LET ANYONE SEE YOU WEARING THEM . MAY GET YOU A STARRING ROLE IN THE NEXT `` REVENGE OF THE NERDS '' MOVIE !
 The product was too small to go around my head - and the lens were not the correct specifications.I still could not see through the lens .
 This seems in general to be a reasonable armrest pocket bag . There is very little clearance between wheelchair armrests and the wheel and this fits . But it uses a strip of hook & loop -LRB- &#34; Velcro &#34; -RRB- running the entire length of the pocket . It is very difficult to open even for a fully - abled person . The company has a 20 % restocking fee -LRB- $ 4 -RRB- . Tthey charged $ 7.45 for shipping it in the first place . I would have to pay return shipping , plus time and effort , making the whole endeavor a loosing proposition .
 This item was very important for my small baking business and not only did I never receive this item , I had to call them for a refund . The response I got from them regarding the no-show ? `` Oh , did you want to re-order it ? '' Uh , NO ! I had to tell them they needed to return my money asap , which they did do -LRB- the very least -RRB- . I will never do business with this company again and if their ratings are to believed , I 'm not the only one very unhappy with them lately . I gave them a single star only because they did return my money .
 I purchased 2 Voldyne Volumetric Incentive Spirometer 5000ML each $ 8.42 and I received a little cylinder with a red ball and a mouth piece . I posted a picture for everyone to see . This is not what the description says for this I give 2 stars . I wanted the one from picture , since I do n't know what I am doing and there is no chart to help just a piece of paper that tells how to use it and a short explanation what is used for . This one advice you to account seconds and multiply the number above with the seconds . Should I inhale or should I count ? I do n't know what to do first lol .
 this device may work but not if you want to improve your Exhalation for singing or playing the trumpet . Unfortunately the description does n't show any information for Exhalation
 i was given one of these to use in the hospital after my recent lung surgery . it was n't half as challenging as this is . i ca n't even use it .
 I found this product messy to use -LRB- drips all over the bottle -RRB- . As far as performance of the product I could not say since I stopped due to messy issue .
 The life of these cushions is very short . I 've ordered at least a dozen from different sellers . They are comfortable at first but the filling compacts each day of use , defeating its purpose . By the time a week has elapsed , the cushion is hard and very uncomfortable .
 We have been using this duster on our hardwood floors for about a year now . The threaded hole has cracked and the handle fell out . I used a hose clamp for a temp fix and it lasted for another 3 months then the entire assembly broke.This connection should have been stronger . The instructions say to shake before and after use . This should have been a stronger part than it is.I can not even find this item on Amazon anymore . So now I must look elsewhere for my hardwood floor maintenance .
 I bought this duster about a year ago for my wood floors and absolutely loved it . However , after just a few uses , the orange plastic part that connects the handle to the head of the duster cracked and completely fell apart , rendering the duster useless . It was too late to return via Amazon , and I 've been unable to find anything else to fix it with so it 's sitting in a closet . I just wrote the company ; we 'll see if they can help . I would n't have spent the money if I 'd known that could happen .
 Cheap plastic handle made in Korea , fixed with duct tape from Kentucky . Handle broke by the 4th use . Picked up dust well enough when it was new , but very cheaply made .
 I recently had hardwood flooring installed on my entire first floor of my house and was looking for a good duster . The product was received in a timely manner as promised . Within 5 minutes of using it , the handle mechanism broke . I already threw away the packaging so am not sure how to return it . I guess I can try duct tape .
 Seems to pick the lint up but to large for me and heavy to be using all the time . I could not figure out how to remove the mop head to wash it so just removed the handle and washed the whole bottom . It turned out fine but I would buy a different mop soon .
 I have been looking for a good dust mop for several years . I bought a $ 75 wooden one with a removable mop from Williams Sonoma but it was n't flexible enough for dusting under things . I decided to try the California duster and it was just as much of a disappointment . It picked up dirt but it was heavy and cumbersome , especially for sliding into small spaces . As annoying as these aspects were , I might have kept the duster , but the MOST problematic thing was the handle . It has a telescoping handle and since I needed it to be the longest possible , I pulled the handle out as far as it would go and then tightened it at the intersection of the two poles . As soon as I applied any pressure at all , the pole collapsed . I have had this experience with other items that use telescoping poles.I returned the product for a refund .
 I was very careful to not press down as instructed when cleaning CDs , yet I was left with light circular scratches and smudges untouched.As for scratches , you may as well use toothpaste for all the good this will do you . The solution does not fill in even the lightest scratches . I tried it with several different scatches and discs and the result was the same . Multiple applications fared no better.The disc I bought this for primarily is in worse shape than when I started .
 made my fight night 3 times worse then it already was , paid 17 dollars for this true crap at wallmart . CD wouldnt work and it dint have major scrathes , just bunch of light ones . all it did is shined em up so i can see them better . dont buy this . i could 've gotten a new game for less !!!
 Picked this up to try out because of the ratings & price . Did n't do a thing for me . Wipe it on , let it haze and wipe it off . No difference .
 As some regular Amazon whey shoppers will know , the price of APC whey has jumped around quite a bit over time . I bought some APC vanilla whey at a relatively low price , so I ca n't complain about the value . But if I paid full price , I certainly would.This whey seems to mix well , and I 'm using a spoon , so that 's fairly important to me . Unfortunately , after it 's mixed , you have to drink it . The flavor of this , compared to other vanilla whey powders , is vile . Whether it 's the vanilla flavoring or the sweeteners , I do n't know , but the APC vanilla whey has an overwhelming chemical taste . This comes from someone who generally prefers vanilla-flavored whey to the chocolate flavors.That said , I 'll probably choke this stuff down , and I would n't completely rule out another order , but only if it cost about half of what a good whey -LRB- eg , Optimum Nutrition , Dymatize -RRB- costs . Because the price changes so much , my rating does n't take value into account - it just compares this whey to others . Bad but not completely unacceptable - two stars .
 I do n't think this did anything actually . I still have a scar . But , this is my review from before ... The product was recommended to me by my plastic surgeon . I had a scar on my face that I am trying to revise . So , needless to say I am being very careful . I am applying as it has said -LRB- twice per day -RRB- . The scar is healing nicely so far -LRB- about 1 month -RRB- , but it is difficult to say whether it would have been worse without it . The surgery was 6 weeks ago , so it is still a young scar . The ridges that formed quickly are just now going down and the redness is lessening each day.In contrast I have been using it on a scar I have had for 10 + years and the difference is slim to none , but I will keep using it there . Fortunately one tube goes a very long way .
 My cosmetic surgeon gave me a sample of Scarfade and then I bought the full size . I 've used it for about three weeks on a 1 inch scar under my chin but have n't noticed much improvement .
 I have searched PubMed and found several research-reviews concerning silicone sheet/layer and scar formation . This abstract is from 2007 and the results are dissapointing . It seems like surgery and steroid injection are the primary interventions , and that silicone layer only has an effect on the itching - not the scar formation.Kelemen O , Koll&aacute;r L , Menyhei G.Baranya Megyei K&oacute;rh&aacute;z - P&eacute;csi Tudom&aacute;nyegyetem , Altal&aacute;nos Orvostudom&aacute;nyi Kar , OEC , Seb&eacute;szeti Tansz&eacute;k 7623 P&eacute;cs . okelemen@t-online.huThe linear -LRB- or `` surgical '' -RRB- hypertrophic scar is the most common type of pathologic scarring . There has been a steady increase in the number of patients with hypertrophic scars over the years due to the rising number of operative interventions altogether . However , the therapeutic protocols are not homogeneous and they show significant variations . 200 cases with hypertrophic scars were treated by the authors from April 2001 to March 2004 . 24 patients were selected in the study from these cases ; and two randomized groups were formed . Each group included 12-12 patients , who were treated with either intralaesional steroid or silicone gel sheeting . The therapeutic protocols were defined by the authors . The aim of this study was to compare and determine the roles of these two commonly used treatment options of hypertrophic scars . The authors present patient demographics ; and analyze the results and outcome of the study . Both methods were efficient significantly , however intralaesional steroid therapy had a more rapid effect and it lasted longer than silicone gel sheeting . These results confirmed the role of these two treatment modalities in the protocols . The authors concluded that silicone gel sheeting is the first line , while intralaesional steroid is the second line treatment for primary linear hypertrophic scars . Based on the authors ' experience , in recurrent linear hypertrophic scars , intralaesional steroid therapy is recommended in first line , because silicone gel sheeting was largely ineffective . Prospective randomized clinical trials should be needed to further clarify their role in the treatment protocols.PMID
 I tried this product for a scar in a concave area -LRB- up in my underarm area -RRB- . I did not experience any change in the look of the scar . The area actually got very red and aggravated.I prefer silicone sheets which I have used before with great results , but I figured I would try this for the area it is in . I switched back to the sheets and the redness went away very quickly and the protection the sheets offer -LRB- more like a small patch made of soft material -RRB- from chafing as my arm moves is most welcome .
 I bought this product cause I previously used the Smooth Away hair removal system which worked well but was very time consuming . I thought this would be faster and more effective but in fact it seems to be a waste of my time and money . It 's not very easy to use as u have to keep holding down the button while u move it in circular motions along your skin . It gets hot while you 're using it and for the length of time keeping it in one area , it does n't remove much hair at all . It is especially difficult to use on the shinbone area probably because of it 's size and inflexibility as opposed to the smooth away pads . I really regret buying this product as it was a total disappointment !
 I was skeptical about ordering this but figured I 'd give it a shot since it was n't that expensive . As I first started using it I thought it was great . But , after I did part of my leg and had stopped to take a phone call , my leg had a slight burning feeling and itched ! I followed the instructions and did n't apply hardly any pressure . The burning and itching , even after applying a ton of lotion , lasted for a few days . I do have pretty dry skin so that may have been part of the problem . Personally , I 'd recommend looking for another option .
 Junk Junk It does not work and when you use even the lowest speed you get burned I dont have sensitive skin either .
 Good thing this was cheap . It kinda sorta works , but it 's very time-consuming . My wife wanted it , and she has used it for over a month . She 's not happy with it because it takes too long and the results are not what she expected .
 I was so optimistic about trying this product on my legs . I have coarse hair and I saw no difference between shaving and using this conair hair removal system . My legs were actually smoother when I shaved . I gave this product 2 stars because of the way it removes dead skin but as far as a hair removal system it was a complete failure for me . I still felt a lot of hair stubble ... Maybe it has to do with the type of hair I have because I know a lot of people who had this system work for them . I just wish it worked for me : -LRB-
 I 'm not at all pleased with this product . It 's too difficult to use and can cause painful `` skin burns '' . I would not buy it again .
 I 've used this hair removal gadget a few times now . It works pretty well on my legs as long as I have about a half an hour of free time to use - not excellent -- but pretty well . As far as removing hair `` in other places '' , it 's terrible ! Ca n't seem to be done without causing a severe rash . I 've used Smooth Away Hair Removal in the past and am going back to that product . It works much better .
 Total fail . I bought the Conair to remove back and shoulder hair . My results were less than satisfactory . The hairs were cut near skin level , but just high enough to leave little stubby hairs . Results lasted maybe 2 days , and I used up all of the discs included with the system . I guess it is back to waxing .
 If this would have been marketed as a rough skin remover for my feet then I would have given it a five . But because it gave me such blisters on my legs when I tried to use it as it 's intended , I give it the lowest rating
 I just didnt like it ! it wasnt for me ! I didnt like the way it felt on my skin and it felt like it was just scraping my skin and it didnt really remove the hair ! I would not recommend
 Well I bought this thinking it might actually work , But it does n't . The only reason I gave it two stars is like other reviewers its great for exfoliating my feet ! They feel so smooth and look so much better after a few minutes of use . If you are thinking about purchasing this for hair removal do n't bother . And it said it came with an instructional DVD and it was n't there .
 This item does n't work at all . At least I can cover the sanding head with a detaling shammy and use it to buff my car outside with an extension cord .
 I can not evaluate something that has not arrived ! I have not checked to see if I have not been billed but you would think a month is more than enough time to get a product out to someone ... . It seems I at least would have gotten some sort of contact indicating why there has been a delay but that has not happened either .
 je trouve ` que ce produit n'est pa efficace du tout ... je lai essayer plusieurs fois et ca enleve juste un tout petit peu les poils.Bref je suis tr&egrave;s decu de ce produit . .
 Thank God I only paid less than $ 5 for this item ! It does not work ! I repeat it does not work ! Stick to the creams , waxing , and traditional shaving to remove unwanted hair .
 I received this system about a month ago and I 've used it just once for its purpose -LRB- shaving -RRB- . It 's completely useless . It does n't give the close shave at all . The same thing az razer , I would even say - WORSE.I do n't have that many facial hairs but I decided to try it anyways ... OMG ! It was the worst idea ever.All the small hairs stayed exactly there they were ! But my skin ... it was ... shaved . I was burnt . The spot I tried to shave was red for the next two days and it looked like somebody kicked me or I fell down from the stairs ... it was AWKWARD.Moreover , it did hurt . I could n't even sleep for the forst night.I have fine skin and I do n't have many facial or body hair . So it 's completely useless for me.I use it on my feet now to exfoliate rough skin .
 Wife hates it waste of time and money : - -LRB- I thought it would be good based on the other reviews
 Not only was I sent the wrong item , but the hair removal system that I received had been used despite the fact that they advertised it as new ! They expected me to use the same hair removal pads as a previous owner which is disgusting . I attempted to contact them multiple times by e-mail and phone . They always promised to send me a pre-paid return shipping label , but even after confirming my address multiple times , I never received anything . After three months of unfulfilled promises , I was left with no choice but to file a claim with amazon . Be aware of this company .
 They must be shipping this product from Mars ! I wish Amazon would do something about vendors that lower the price of products to get people interested and then charge unrealistic shipping fees to increase revenue . It is poor business and it damages the reputation of Amazon partners .
 I got this in hope would find something that would be an alternative to expensive and painful waxing or irritating shaving . I used it , I was very patient , i probably spent about an hour on my legs . I tried varying pressures , mostly attempting to keep it light like the instructions said but also mixing it up . It sis not work at all . I was left with lots of hair that I had to shave off right after which hurt . the pads wore down before I was done with my legs . I am not skinny but I 'm not fat either athletic track runner build . I am black with sensitive skin , not sure how this might affect it but just though I would put that out there . It works okay for exfoliating , a bit painful , good for the feet I suppose . Its not really worth the hassle but I will use since I spent my money already . I really hoped this product would work but it did not . Guess I will have to save up for laser .
 If you have sensitive and thin skin , do n't buy it . It left my arms bleeding . I prefer waxing and shaving a lot more.I ca n't return the item and am going to throw it away .
 I bought this hair removal system in the forlorn hope that it would actually work well to remove body hair . After reading through the instructions a few times and trying it out , I found this product to be a complete waste of time and money . I tried to remove hair using the booklet 's method of light fast passes across the area in a clockwise motion . This did nothing . it removed no hair whatsoever . When I tried a more agressive approach , I found my skin to be red , irritated and downright painfull for the next three to four days . This product does not work . I dont know if the people who gave this thing five stars were bribed or what , but this product simply does n't work .
 I have very tough and coarse hair like nylon fibers . This product did the trick and left me smooth in the areas where I wanted . The product manual states that one hair removal pad is good for 30 uses . That may be true . However , with my experience with the product , it worked very well and quickly the first go around and if you used the same pad a second time -LSB- it took me -RSB- it can take 30 minutes to one hour of trying to remove a small area of hair with poor results . If you bought a bundle of replacement cartridges and changed it every time the pad wore out it would be a good product .
 I found this to be an entirely useless product . You are more or less SANDING YOUR SKIN ! And when I say sanding , I do n't mean like microdermabrasion . Pointless , painful , sanding of the skin . It does sand the hair down , but not any different than shaving does and it grows back just as fast . Do n't waste your time or money . Buy good wax and a warmer instead !
 did not like at all when you press down to lightly nothing happens and to hard causes bad scratching of the skin ouch , maybe I am just not skilled with it yet .
 Do n't waist your money . This thing did n't do anything but get uncomfortably hot against my leg . If anyone has actually gotten this device to remove hair , I 'd like to know your secret .
 This sander barely did more than sand my legs . If I persisted long enough to actually remove hair , I paid for it for the next few days with sanded skin .
 I do n't like it ! If you have sensitive skin , beware ! It burns your skin . I did n't press hard , just followed directions.Not a fan .
 I tried to get this blade in my clipper and could n't . I enlisted the help of a handy neighbor . He could n't . A complete waste of money .
 Do n't think that the sweet flavor in 1 serving comes from the 2 grams of sugar . They are dumping massive amounts of the artificial sweetener Acesulfame , also known as `` Sweet One '' , into this protein shake . Amazon should be more forthright in advertising this product .
 Blech !! I have to plug my nose to get this stuff down in the morning . I 've been using American Sports Nutrition , American Whey in Chocolate ... religiously , but when my local dealer was out of it one day , she talked me into switching to this ... telling me that it tasted great . AWFUL , absolutely awful in comparison to American Whey . I ca n't wait until she gets it back in stock , so I can ditch this stuff . What a waste of money !!
 Having tried other Whey products , I was really disappointed with this one . Way too sweet . If you need something to discourage your use of protein powder , this it it !
 This is a misleading product . I was under impression it was a milti-vitamin multi-mineral supplement to take on top of your regular multi to provide you with the extras that you need , when do a lot of endurance training . Description said `` Suggested use :2 to 4 oval tablets twice daily with meals . Also place one small pink tablet under tongue -LRB- sublingually -RRB- after breakfast , and let dissolve slowly '' . I did not see any oval or pink tablets in the package . The label says take 4-8 tablets -LRB- and they are HUGE ! -RRB- 45 min on empty stomach before a workout . Who has an empty stomach 45 min before a work out ? If you do your training in the am , there are not 45 min to wait between taking this and going to train . If you work out in the pm , you eat 2-3 hours before training and then go out . Based on how they tell you to take it , I would expect some sodium in there - but there is none . Go figure . I do n't get it . I know no supplement will make you a superman , but I was looking for something smarter than that . I will give it a try and take this bottle , when I can to see , if it makes a difference at all .
 I 'm not sure about the benefits of this product ... difficult to say . Anyway , it seems to me that it works partially
 I 've been applying the `` complete tissue and bone '' to my left leg 's varicose veins and the spider veins on my left ankle for one month now . Not only are there no changes in either the varicose veins or spider veins but the spider veins had become painful and inflamed . After three days of NOT using the product , the inflammation and pain have subsided . Do n't waste your money .
 The toilet seat covers are -LRB- a -RRB- too small to cover your average toilet seat fully , -LRB- b -RRB- have a piece of paper covering the `` hole '' which must be removed , but is sufficiently strongly attached -LRB- or rather , the paper 's so fragile -RRB- that the cover is often torn in the attempt , and -LRB- c -RRB- the cover is thin , non-waxed paper , meaning that * the slightest * bit of moisture penetrates it completely -LRB- it is moisture on toilet seats , not dry seats , that harbors infectious agents . -RRB- In other words , they 're small , they break easily , and they 're entirely ineffective . Useless .
 A good idea , but they are too small to cover the toilet seat . They should make them a bit bigger .
 I am a physical therapist who is trained in Cranial Sacral therapy . I do not feel this pivotal product does the trick for self treatment for myself or my patients , unless you wedge it under your neck on it 's bottom edge -LRB- not flat -RRB- while lying on a pillow or bed that can help stabilize it . Perhaps it would work better on a pediatric patient ?? The neck slant piece it too short . I was under the assumption I was ordering the larger model that seems to fit adults better - I have used that one before and it is much more comfortable to use for self treatment . I am contacting this company for a replacement .
 This is just not for me . DO NOT make the mistake of staying on this too long or falling asleep on it . It will make your entire head and neck go numb and you wo n't be able to move for awhile . I do n't recommend .
 Do n't get this product . The rubber is hard and very uncomfortable when in-place . I tried warming the neck muscles first and also placed a warm towel over the pivot but it was still unbearable . Does not work !!! Save your money !!!
 Supposed to help with back pain . I see more improvement with Aleve . Sorry guys !
 I ordered these for my dad because my boss had a pair and I thought them very neat and a cool idea . My dad constantly buys the packages of 5 or 6 reading glasses because he breaks or looses them all the time . What I did not factor in or realize after purchasing them , wrapping them for Christmas and once given to my dad they did n't fit because his head is too big . Even on the loosest setting . What do you do !? Rebecca
 The concept is cute , although the size makes it a bit difficult to store when you are not wearing them , but the main problem is that they give you hat hair , compressing your hairstyle with the band that surrounds your head . Regular glasses go in between the hairs , so everything fluffs out.If you never take off your reading glasses , have a buzz cut , are bald or otherwise wear your hair flat against your head -LRB- but be careful of buns -RRB- , the clic connect reader may be fine for you . Otherwise , conventional glasses are a better bet .
 The CliC Adjustable Front Connect Readr , 3.00 Strenght , Tortoise Frame is a beautifully made artifact with the right strength . But it does not fit . I do n't have a particularly big head , yet I can hardly get the thing around my head , let alone fit it on my nose and read comfortably .
 the directions say that women should put the back loop under their hair . This doesnt work , as it pulls the hair up from underneath most unattractively and uncomfortably . I was very disappointed
 I do have a large head but not too big . I love the idea but they hurt the sides of my head and I 'm a woman . If they start Making a wider version I will reorder .
 I never thought I had a big head , but maybe it is -LRB- in more than one way ? -RRB- . My hair is pretty short , too.When the frames clicked together , they were right up against my eyeballs . My eyelashes were plastered against the glass . That was after I pulled them out so they were at the maximum size -LRB- there 's a very small amount of adjustment -RRB- . There 's no give in the solid plastic strap that goes around the back of the head . Interesting idea , but not something that works for me.I called the manufacturer , who simply said `` You can send them back to Amazon . '' Thanks .
 This is a terrific idea , but not for everyone . If you wear a hat size that is L or XL , when you don your new Clic Readers the magnets will be 1/2 inch to 1 inch apart . The adjustability is in the length , not the width , so the notion that one size can fit everyone depends on how comfortable you want the fit to be , and how ridiculous you want to look in your readers . Why would n't the manufacturer offer these in S , M , L , and XL ?
 does not stick to peoples skin i was tired of paying 6 for 1 ounce ofnew skinspray google liquid bandage to find 3 ounce liquid bandage for 5 is better than buying 1 can per month of this product at cvs
 I am allergic to cream Hydrocortisone and always buy ointments . No longer see the ointment in the stores , so , for that reason ordered from Amazon . It is advertised as ointment . The INVOICE states Hydrocortisone 1 % maximum strength anti-itch OINTMENT-1oz . What a let down when I saw that it was a CREAM . I already had cream that I can not use.First time this has happened to me ordering from Amazon . Still nobody beats Amazon .
 This is far from a wonder drug . I continued to have gall bladder problems well after I had begun swallowing these huge nasty pills .
 This is the only protein powder I 've ever tried so I have nothing to compare it to , but I can honestly say that I do not like this stuff and I 'll tell you why . The first thing you 'll notice when drinking this stuff is the smell . It 's a god-awful smell , something between raw sewage and wet cat . While gulping this down I had to hold my nose shut and hours later I can still smell it . The second problem is that it does not mix well in milk , namely because the serving size of one scoop -LRB- scoop is huge ! -RRB- is ALOT of powder . Due to the lack of mixing you drink alot of solid clumps which makes swallowing even more difficult . Also , because its so clumpy and does n't mix well you 'll want to scrub your cup and mixing spoon pretty thoroughly since this stuff sticks pretty hard ; You might also want to scrub your teeth too . Third problem is that in water it tastes just horrible ! There are some plusses , for 5 lbs it is ALOT of powder and fairly cheap and it does contain a good portion of protein -LRB- 20g -RRB- . So if you think you can go through a vigorous workout and then chug down brown murky water with strange clumpy solids that smells like poop then buy this -LRB- or drink from an unflushed toilet , it 's really up to you -RRB- , but if the very image of what i 've described above makes you feel a bit queasy I would stay away from this .
 1st of all look at the ingredients ... you see artificial flavors then SUCRALOSE which is an atrificial sweetener ... ARTIFICIAL EQUALS CRAP ... Try hemp protein if you want 100 % Organic Foods ... NOT Modified or Engineered ... HEMP is the best protein !!!!
 I put this on , as tight as I could get it , and it falls down my leg when I run . I returned it . The McDavid one stays on and provides better support .
 and that was not enough . I can do that with a sock or a medical tape.This just was a HUGE disappointment . I could not feel it there any better than a sockThere was no supportI then used medical tape as if I had a sprain and it worked !!! This is a FAILSorryHope I helpedI do suggest the medical tape or even an ACE bandage
 They arrived quickly . But the angle at which the combs are shaped make them hard to use .
 The product I recieved was not `` Ice n Heat '' as it was pictured also it said that it came with a cover . I only recieved the gel packs and no cover . As far as item use ... We have not used them yet .
 I had to stop taking it because the smell is terrible , smells like moth balls and bad breath which is what you taste when you take it ...
 I Ordered Energizer Max batteries - as pictured . I received the Energizer Industrial Batteries that had an Energizer Max sticker stuck on the outside of the box . And the box was cut open - with Industrial Batteries inside . I 'm not sure what happened here , but they were returned .
 Stocking up on batteries and searching for the best bargain ? I suggest you skip this one . I was also looking for a great deal on batteries that I planned on storing for emergency use , this was the best price I could find on 9 volts . When I received the package I checked the date of production ... 2009 . It is now November 2012 so these batteries are at least 3 years old maybe more . From what I have read the life span of 9 volts is about 5 years so these batteries now need to be used up pronto AND I still need to buy more for my emergency stash . Not exactly the bargain I was looking for.If you are using these immediately I have nothing negative to say . In November 2012 this was the best deal I could find on Amazon .
 Just got the 16 pack . Totally ripped open . Batteries spilling all over the box . They are dated to expire on 03-2018 . We 'll see . I 've tested some . They work . But the package looks so old and beaten up that I 'm wondering about the life of these batteries no matter what the expiration date is . Plus , the package contains a little plastic car from the TransFormers movie . A little dated ??????? I 'll post another review if this turns out to be a flop .
 Batteries came in a plastic bag and when I went to place them in the air pump I purchased them for they had very little `` juice '' to them . the company said they tested the voltage and these batteries were NEW but the clearly were not !
 After I ordered these I found that a previous order had batteries that were essentially `` dead '' . Too late to stop this one , althought they were fine . But why buy batteries I have to check individually every time . Not worth the trouble .
 New 9V batteries are supposed to be good for 5 years or close to it , according to Energizer . The batteries sent to me were old , it says right there on the battery they expire in 3 years . I do n't use 9V as often as the other sizes so I might have them for a while therefore I need maximum shelf life . Mostly they will be used in smoke detectors which take a long time to use up a battery . It 's not a good deal if you end up throwing them out before having a chance to use them .
 Unfortunately , 0 stars was not an option . I purchased two 8 Packs of Energizer D Batteries to use in an O2 Cool Camping Fan -LRB- which BTW I recommend wholeheartedly -RRB- . The 1st 8 Pack worked Fine . The 2nd 8 Pack , with six years left for freshness , were dead ... I repeat ... * D * E * A * D * . I placed them in the appliance for which I bought them ... not once ... not twice ... but three times ... each time checking to see that I had installed them properly . Next I installed them in a flourescent lantern ... nothing ... I will not buy Energizer batteries again . I would furthermore fire the Rabbit that keeps on going and will make sure he remains gone from my life .
 These batteries died quickly even though I bought a name brand . I 've had some off brands last longe than these .
 Sure , they 're only batteries . But they 're MY batteries . Packing was completely destroyed . I would not be able to put these with gifts this season .
 The package shipped and arrived within a couple days . The battery package was exactly what you would find in any department store . Expiration date in 2017 . Everything looked fine except for one thing
 Disappointing . These batteries must be seconds as they do n't even last a day in my digital camera -LRB- sporadic usage , not constant -RRB- . I 'll stick with rechargeable ones , thanks .
 I bought these because it looked like I was getting a good deal . When they got here , I noticed they are a couple years old . Disappointing because I bought these for the shelf life .
 I was assuming I 'd be getting a single pack of 24-count batteries . Instead I got 6 packs of 4-count batteries , one of which was ripped open and the batteries were moving around freely in the packaging box .
 The package came with a few leaking batteries -LRB- pictures uploaded -RRB- , and what first comes to my mind is that they have been in that package for a long time . I did n't get a chance to test the remaining batteries . The appearance is ok , but I 'm not so sure about their quality once many batteries were covered by a white powder and some viscous liquid -LRB- I presumed is the battery acid leak -RRB- . Lesson learned , next time I 'll consider getting fresh batteries at a local store , where you can check expiration date , package and batteries conditions , etc before you buy it .
 The batteries seemed to be old or stale . They did n't last very long at all . I used them in my trail camera , which normally is pretty easy on batteries but these were down to 2 bars after a week . I get better results from dollar store brands . Disappointed .
 Do not buy this package of eight D batteries . I do n't know how it happened , but half of the batteries were useless , having been badly damaged . If you do order this item , be sure to open the package as soon as you receive it , and check every individual battery to make sure each of them is functional . I waited too long and was past the date for requesting a refund . Lesson learned . Benefit from my experience !
 I put them in my radio and the signal was weak . I took battery out and put it in my battery tester and they read ` Replace ' . The date on the battery reads
 For the first time since I was a kid I have had batteries corrode and ruin my equipment . This time it happened to my very expensive Mag-lite 3 Cell and 2 Cell L.E.D. flashlights . These Energizer batteries have `` Energized '' me to never buy anything made by this company ever again . My batteries were part of an 8 pack and the 3 unused batteries in the 8 pack were also corroded.This reminds me of what `` Burgess '' batteries would do to anything you put them in . That company has long since gone out of business.UPDATE : ------- I emailed them about what happened to my flashlights and the rest of the 8 pack of unused batteries . 10 days later via U.S. Mail they did offer to repair or replace them and even included a prepaid label to send my flashlights to them for evaluation . I was able to clean them up enough to get them working again before I received the prepaid shipping label . I sent them another emial that I was able to get them working again and asked for tips on removing the rest of the corrosion . A week later they mailed me a coupon to cover the cost of the 8 pack of batteries , up to $ 15 and a letter from their technicians with tips on cleaning them up further . I am pleased with their response to my problem . Maybe a little scared to use their batteries again but now I know how they honor their guarantee . I will give them another shot . I will give the service department 5 stars and will up the overall rating to 3 stars .
 Be sure to check the expiration date on your batteries when they arrive . I got some supposed to have a 5 year expire date and they only had 3 . AMAZON tried to make it `` right '' and send me some with 4 year expiration dates while allowing me to keep the ones with 3 year expire dates : : : : - CAVEAT EMPTOR
 These batteries are stamped with an October 2012 expiration date so I was not thrilled upon reciept of them . We are using them , so I ca n't really say how long they will last , but I just think its wrong for these sellers to knowlingly sell expired batteries .
 I thought this was a great deal for Energizer AA Batteries , buy a 16 pack of AA for $ 12.32 -LRB- $ .77 each -RRB- until I found Rayovac 48 pack for $ 25.30 -LRB- $ .53 each -RRB- . They also come in reclose able package so after you open the pack they do not role around in your drawer . My boyfriend uses Rayovac UltraPro at work , bought them at a contractor supply store.One of my students did a battery test and found all of them work the same . Comes down to price . Sign up for `` subscribe and save '' and get 15 % off too . Because these are $ 25.40 you get Free Freight at Amazon without having to shop for more to hit the minimum.Here is the product link.Rayovac ALAA-48 UltraPRO Alkaline AA Batteries , 48-Pack
 Company sent me a d-cell 4-pack of a no-name brand of batteries . The PLUS side is that they refunded my my money , -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- and allowed me to keep the batetries for their mistake .
 One thing I absolutely will not tolerate in a battery is one that leaks . I 've lost a lot of expensive electronics from leaking batteries , remote controls , clocks , blood-pressure testers , radios , etc. . These are items that do n't use a lot of electricity , so the battery never actually stops working . I lost the remote control to an almost new High-Def TV due to a leaky battery and had to replace it at substantial cost.I remember when Alkaline Batteries were first introduced . Finally , I said , a battery that does n't leak . I 've used Energizers exclusively for over 20 years without a single one leaking , until about 5 years ago . Then something changed . Suddenly batteries that still measured good and had years left before the expiration date were leaking . At first I thought it was a fluke . But soon it began to be a regular occurrence . I had to resort to checking all my batteries every 6 months to try to catch the leaky ones , before they caused any damage . This is inexcusable.Could this be some bizarre new marketing campaign ? I noticed Everyready claims their new Lithium batteries `` Do not leak '' . Why would anyone claim batteries do n't leak - if none of them leak ? Could they know they have a problem - and do n't care - to motivate us to buy the more-expensive `` premium '' batteries ? Take this all with a grain of salt . What do I know ? I 'm just some dumb consumer that only wants to buy batteries that do n't leak . Now where did I put that bottle of whiskey ?
 I have been buying items off amazon for years . It pissed me off when I spent $ 10 on these and I got a pack full of batteries with battery acid all over them . I 'm very disappointed in amazon because of this . If you want batteries , do n't get them on this website . You have better luck going to ebay and buying off someone with 1 % positive feedback .
 The mask was amazing . Everything else is disgusting yak , and mind you it 's not easy to disgust me . Ca n't report any miracle transformations either . Quite the opposite . The last time I went for a facial , the beautician said these products really clogged my pores .
 I did not receive the hard plastic blue urinal I ordered . They sent me the flimsy kind . I 'm not happy .
 What is pictured is not the same as the item . Pictured urinal is similar to others I 've used and they are more sturdier . The ones they sent are a bit flimsy . The current price is showing $ 8.99 . Do not buy it at that price . I got them for a bucks a piece so ... Get what you pay for .
 this container is sold at a good price but not if there are holes in the handle.the way the handle portion is made is that it has a barrier wall to keep the fluids inside the main `` L '' shapedsection.my container had a breach in the handle and section wall and worse , the tip of the handle 's plastic was moldedso thin it was about to rip like a rubber balloon.my solution so far was to add clear silicon into the `` L '' shaped portion of the plastic , where it meets thehandle and hope the contents dont travel up the handle and out.to return this defective product would cost the same amount , if not more , than buying another new one outright.poor quality control from the manufacturer and poor quality control from the shipper.would not order from shipper again , despite price and fast shipping .
 I finally found the urinal that i have used for years and when i recieved it . It was clear and with a really cheap cap not blue as pictured i use the blue so you ca n't see the contents the clear would be ok but the lids are cheap it wont be long before it would break off where it attaches at the handle and of course my old lid is to big to go on the new.I AM VERY DISSATISFIEDJW
 The picture shows a blue urinal , but the description says it 's clear . It 's clear , and to me that 's a disadvantage because everywhere you carry it your urine is on display .
 i attempted to take this on 2 separate occasions , it made me feel dizzy light headed , and nauseated both times , guess all things just dont work for all people ,
 These are just regular scissors . They look different , but they ca n't do any of the precision cutting that my old pair of operating scissors could . The tips and blades are too blunt . The blades are also fixed so tightly together . I could n't even cut my nails smoothly with these things .
 Make sure to type in the number 4 after Uristix if not you 'll end up getting the gluco and prot only ...
 I transitioned to this razor after my local store -LRB- that sold the Wally shaver & blades -RRB- closed down . This razor reminds me of the cheapy disposable razors-the ones that always take a layer of skin off the front of my shin bone when they 're sharp , and give me horrible razor burn to boot.I love that they 're made of post consumer recycled material , but the blades do n't last long , and the shave is not fun about half the time . Maybe it 's just me , but I 've been shaving for nearly twenty years , and this just does n't work for me.I 'm going back to my Wally-just found it here on Amazon .
 Full disclosure
 I give this item zero stars . I bought a can of it for my son and a few days later he asked why I gave him food with a Prop 65 warning label on it . Who knew ? Hidden , in extremely small print on the back of the can is a CA Prop 65 warning
 I used to love this stuff . Unfortunately , the manufacturer made a small change to their formula , which I confirmed with an employee at the company . The result is not good . It tastes and smells rancid , like sour milk . If you have purchased this product in the past , the packaging is the same , so be aware that you may not get what you are expecting . Prior to the change , I would have given it 5 stars .
 Well the ingredients are fabulous . It 's high protein , low sugar , and packed with green foods . Unfortunately , the taste makes it almost undrinkable . Perhaps if one used lots and lots of ice -LRB- to water it down -RRB- , stevia to sweeten it , and perhaps threw in some berries or some other fruit to flavor it , it would be palatable . I wo n't be purchasing it again , especially when there are other similar products out there that taste good .
 I have bought other whey powders and have never had a problem with them . I was so excited to see a chocolate AND greens whey powder available so I thought I 'd buy the sample pack -LRB- nearly 3.00 at Whole Foods -RRB- . The minute I opened the package it smelled HORRIBLE ! . . like another reviewer said `` rancid '' . I thought , well , maybe it will blend up nicely and taste better . . surely they would n't sell something that would TASTE as bad as this SMELLS !!! WRONGGGG ! I have the package right here just opened it up and I 'm telling you , you take one whiff and you just pull away as soon as possible ! It is like . . rancid PUKE ! Yeah , that 's it . Like they dehydrated puke and put in in a package . I tried to contact the company but ca n't find a `` contact '' on their website -LSB- ... -RSB- . I will be taking the empty package back to Whole Foods for a refund . There is NO way ANYBODY is actually DRINKING this stuff !!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY -LRB- throwing it down the drain -RRB- OR TIME -LRB- taking it back to the store -RRB- !!!!!
 I was so excited to try this , but it totally ruined my otherwise perfectly good morning bowl of oatmeal . I had to force it down -LRB- fortunately I had just worked out for two hours , so I was hungry enough to eat most of it -RRB- . It 's slightly less repulsive when mixed with water , as I can gulp it down and then chase it with some real food . It had a pretty bad smell , a bad taste , and an even worse aftertaste . Please take the benefit of my bad experience and purchase another protein powder .
 My husband and I have been trying to get through this can over the last few years ... me more than him , he 's given up . I just tried it again this morning in a mango orange banana juice shake -LRB- mango covers everything it seems like -RRB- and it still had the terrible aftertaste but I was able to finish the shake -LRB- a first ! -RRB- . I know , it 's chocolate flavor , this just illustrates how desparate I am to try anything , because I hate wasting it . I do n't remember this from before , but it actually made my mouth numb . Maybe that 's what they need to do to get you to finish it .
 I agree with the previous reviewer
 I bought this product for its high potency , but quite honestly , it did not give me the energy I get when taking other types of asian ginseng . This claims to have 500mg per tablet and a serving sive is two tablets . So , for 1000mg I get less energy than I did if I took Nature Made 's at 500mg . Now do n't get me wrong . It does give you a `` little '' boost , but not much . Try Nature Made . Much better product for relatively the same price .
 Upon arrival item is lightweight . They claim that weight in description is a `` typo '' but is still not fixed -LRB- item weight is about 5 # -RRB- . Do not buy this item .
 The product I received is NOT what is pictured . I received only the hand rails that attach to the seat . Communicated with the seller and it took quite a while to hear from them , they themselves asked for a description of what I had ordered . Since then , I 've asked for a refund for this purchase and am waiting to hear from both the seller and Amazon.I will not purchase from this seller again .
 It 's November and I have not receive my package ups come to my house once stating they will return the next day , I missed a whole days of work waiting for my package it never came . I want my money back .
 I 'm sorry to say that this product did n't work for me . i had my large intestine completely removed and i am not sure if this was the problem but within an hour after taking the first dose i was getting stomach cramps . i proceded not knowing this was the problem . After taking the second dose my abdominal cramps became worse and within 24 hours my small intestine was fully distended and i was having severe abdominal pain.Other people in my dept. are having success with this product . Maybe it was due to my circumstances , i do n't know.I am not giving a bad review but one that states this did not work for me .
 I shelled out $ 35 for two weeks of supplements because they told me that the formula was more bioavailable and also does not cause constipation . Well I most definitely am constipated after taking this supplement . Also it tastes terrible . I 'm taking it back for a refund and going for ferrous sulfate tablets .
 Hello!Be careful with this company!You order one thing and they send you another!I ordered `` two '' of these water bags , and they sent me water bags with the ugliest grooves that I ca n't even feel the temperature !!!!! Awful !!!! I 'm trying to return this item .
 This product functions as advertised , but the one that I got SMELLS VERY BAD . I hung it outside in the cold winter air for a few days . That helped , but the smell returned when I filled the unit with hot water . I do not recommend this product - use an empty plastic soda bottle instead .
 Taste like sugar and I suspect its just a placebo but maybe it will help trick my mind to think it really works . The pic shows 250 pills but I only got 120 -LRB- not that it works anyways but yeah -RRB- The pills take me about 10 minutes to disolve under my tounge but I will continue to take till I run out . I suffer from anxiety that makes it hard to drive and go to stores and what not and I will keep looking for an over the counter helper .
 I bought this product thinking that it would help me with my anxiety attacks and problems so I decided to give it a try bein that I ca n't see a doctor about it because I do n't have any insurance at this moment and I must say it just was a waste it does not work at ALL !! And I just think it made me feel worst rather than better ...
 I had used A1C home tests before , and I was expecting this one to be like that one . Previously I would get the reading in a few minutes right from home , just like a regular Diabetic Glucose reading.This I needed to mail to a lab , and I have not received the results yet!So we will see . Now you understand why I have been tardy with this review .
 I really like shoes that have velcro closures , I like them because they are easy to put on and take off . This product was very disappointing , I purchased a set of white and a set of black and I spent close to an hour trying to figure out how to make them work , I tried different ways and they still did n't do what they were supposed to do . Yes , there are directions , but the directions probably make sense to the person who wrote the directions . I tried to find a video on how to use them but no luck . If anyone reads this maybe you can show some light on this product , its a great idea , but very disappointing . I was going to give it one star , but I could n't say I hated it , because it must work but I do n't know how .
 I disagree with the rave reviews presented here . I had an old Dentek scraper that worked wonders due to its sharp edge , but it broke and I 've been on the search for a good replacement . I thought this product would do the trick after reading the reviews , but I was disappointed . It is better than the other plastic models currently on the market which are basically worthless in my opinion with no edge . But still it is not sharp enough ! Argh . I 'm beginning to wonder if they stopped making sharp edges for liability reasons : -LRB-
 The product pictured is not what you will receive . They have positioned the product to give the appearance that it 's a solid piece of steel . The Tongue Sweeper Pro is a very thin piece of metal and does NOT do as effective job of some of the other plastic models out there . Buyer beware !
 I 've been cleaning my toungue via toothbrush for years . Tried both gentle and rough scraping and it does very little . Does n't even get close to cleaning off what a toothbrush does
 Hate to give this just 1 star , but this over-priced dental instrument is a waste of money.I 've been using a tongue scraper for many years . It 's a great way to have clean breathe and keep that funk from building up on your tongue.I 've always purchased various cheap plastic tongue scrapers for $ 2-3 at my local drug store such as this one : DenTek Tongue Cleaner - 1 Ea Sku Hd 1752484They work fine but would eventually become stained and I would toss them and get another.I read about the Stainless Steel Tongue scraper on some health site . I liked the idea of a `` high end '' tongue scraper that I could clean instead of tossing into the landfill.Got the Stainless Steel Tongue scraper a few days ago and I am disappointed . First of all and most importantly , it simply is NOT a good scraper . The edge is not sharp enough . It reminds me of the same sharpness of a steel table spoon - which is what I used to use before I started buying purpose-built plastic tongue scrapers.After doing a side-by-side comparison of my Dentex $ 3 rubber-coated plastic tongue scraper to the $ 15 Stainless Steel Tongue scaper it is without question
 Well , I did my research before ordering - I weighed the good and bad reviews . Now I know why some reviewers wrote - it 's like trying to scrape your tongue with a teaspoon . That is exactly what this is like . My original ` The Tongue Cleaner ' plastic cleaner is far superior to this one . For the price of this stainless steel model , it should at least clean a little .
 it 's awful ! it 's not dots , it 's snowflakes . the fabric is so thin you can see right through it ! and it feels like sand paper . I even paid the extra money to have it express shipped because i needed it by a certain date , it 's horrible do not waste your time or money !
 The product that is PICTURED is the 500 gram bottle -LRB- 17.56 OZ Bottle -RRB- . They send you the 10.5 OZ Bottle Thus the `` price '' break . The product itself is good but Healthforce better wise up and stop advertizing the WRONG PICTURED PRODUCT ! FIX IT YOU FOOLS ! ADVERTISE WHAT YOU SELL . POST THE PROPER BOTTLE . DO IT RIGHT .
 I was very disappointed when I saw the size was only 300g when I usually pay the same price for 500g . Never again
 Tried this to supplement my other vitamins . I did n't see/feel any difference . Go buy somewhere local and save on S & H
 The two stars I 'm giving this item are not a reflection on the quality of construction , which actually appears to be relatively good . With the 5 star reviews published to date and , considering their expense -LRB- note that the identical items are available from other vendors at a significant discount -RRB- , I felt it should be emphasized that not every person with tremors will find these utensils beneficial . There are different and distinct types of tremors , with differing etiologies , the two most common being Parkinsonian and essential . My mother has essential tremors , which typically start in the hands , are aggravated with movement and effort , and which make difficult simple tasks such as feeding herself . The theory behind using weighted utensils and similar items is that the added weight will dampen the amplitude of the tremors . Unfortunately , in the case of essential tremors , our experience has been that the additional effort required to manipulate the extra mass is as likely to increase the severity of the tremors . This is particularly true in a frail , elderly woman . Essential tremors are a very frustrating condition which can significantly impact quality of life . I wish I could say that these items had improved her ability to function independently . They did not . Before investing in these , I would suggest experimenting with adding weights to some existing utensils to see if they may benefit you or your loved one .
 i ordered the jeanie rub fleese liner and foot masager now i see that i am being charged 19.00 to deliver a 12 dollar item tis is a crime and i dont plan on using my account again
 First of all , Goji juice is awesome ! What people do n't realize is that there are different brands of goji juice and they are not nearly the same!Regarding this brand , while the taste of Dynamic Health Goji juice was good -LRB- my daughter really liked it -RRB- and the price is right at $ 20/bottle , the Goji content is too low at only 40 % . Freelife Goji juice by Dr. Mindell 's group is at 93 % Goji and the California Academy of Health -LRB- CAOH -RRB- brand is at 60 % Goji blended with South America 's superfruit , Camu Camu . There is far better stuff out there.I think Freelife Goji is too expensive at $ 35 + per bottle and it tastes horrible to me . CAOH is what I drink now as it is a happy medium at less than $ 25/bottle and a very good taste , while packing a serious energy boost!Since I 've been `` on the goji '' , my chronic disease prone eye and regular common colds are a thing of the past . I sleep better and notice sharper , clearer vision both day and at night . Along with me , I have numerous friends and family members who swear by this stuff over everything else ! Thank you God for creating the goji berry !
 The product description for this grab bar does n't include important specifications such as bar diameter and flange diameter . I was a little surprised to find the bar diameter was maybe 1 '' and flange diameter 2 '' . Also the bar did n't exactly match the photo on Amazon and was even somewhat different from the photo on the box . Needless to say I returned this product minus a hefty restocking fee and additional shipping .
 I do have severe occipital neuralgia so its not really this products fault that it did n't curb the pain . might work for more mild cases .
 I have occipital neuralgia - I am not feeling any relief or magic with this product - I keep trying - but neuralgia is complicated and it is hard to really tell if this helps or not . Certainly not a miracle cure .
 I had high hopes for this because I 'm a fan of other Organix products -LRB- which , by the way , are not actually organic , that 's just their name -RRB- . The smell while it was in the bottle and when I first applied it was n't that bad at all . But after I started using the heat , oh my God . It was disgusting . The heat makes the fumes go into the air and it 's impossible not to breathe them in . I ca n't even describe the smell , it 's nauseating , and it stayed on my hair for at least a week after . I used Organix 's keratin shampoo and conditioner with this as well , as I did not like them much either.The worst thing about this product by far is that it makes your hair horribly brassy . I now have to go get a box of dye to try to fix it - so unnatractive!It did make my hair seem straighter and softer , but that 's it.Will never use again .
 Typing out this review as I do the treatment!A little history behind my hair
 I followed the directions perfectly with this product , hoping my results mirrored those who left positive reviews here . I 'll admit , for the 2-day waiting period , my hair looked and felt great - stick straight , soft to the touch . I got a lot of compliments . Unlike other reviews , I loved the smell and never got an overly chemical smell . When I washed my hair -LRB- with the same line 's shampoo and conditioner -RRB- , I was shocked when my hair came out just as curly as before . Only now , it felt straw-like . It straightened slightly easier than usual , perhaps , but not by much and to be honest , my usual hair products result in longer straightening power and less frizz than these products . Like the sucker I am , I second-guessed myself and wondered if I paid too much attention to the `` do not oversaturate '' warning , and I went back and tried it again . Same results - sleek hair for two days , curly afterwards . I wish I had saved the time and money and just stuck to my usual routine . Since I have some left over , I might use it again for a special occasion just to get the stick-straight results of the first 48 hours , but I would never count on it for a month 's worth of lower hair maintenance . I 'm giving it two stars because the first two days are so fantastic , and because it might , perhaps , cut down on overall straightening time -LRB- we 're talking just a few minutes -RRB- , but the product does not offer what it promises otherwise .
 this product does its job of coating your hair which may prevent further breakage . However , it is too sticky and doesnt do much in terms of moisturizing . It smells good though .
 Okay so like everyone else I did a lot of research before I bought this product and like everyone else my hair reacted a little different . The treatment did cut blow dry time in half and did make my hair easier to detangle but I do n't know if its because my hair is extra thick , really long -LRB- waist length -RRB- , or just because I have been natural my entire life but my hair did not resist puffing up , not even before I even finished straightening the whole thing . This entire process took me 5 hours but straightening alone took me 2hrs 30mins . This product is an excellent heat protector . It made my hair really soft and moisturized and somewhat shiny . Trust me I followed all the directions . I 'm curious to know what my hair may look like when I take it out , or if I do not wash my hair in 48hrs -LRB- pray for me -RRB- . Overall this product works different on everyone which is a HUGE risk !!!! It is also NOT a necessity ... Avocado , eggs , and mayonnaise give my hair the same amount of moisture and results with truly real all organic keratin . Just get a very ripe avocado mixed with some eggs and mayo -LRB- all organic raw honey works amazingly in this mix too -RRB- coat four separated sections of your hair with it , braid four sections . Put a plastic bag -LRB- not too tight -RRB- on your head and go to sleep . The next morning rinse your hair with ice cold water and wash it with your favorite CONDITIONER NOT SHAMPOO . Leave some of the conditioner in your hair , if you have curly or kinky hair its best too never use shampoo because it strips your hair . The conditioner cleanses it while keeping it moisturized . Then when you get out of the shower apply some all organic natural oils like olive oil , jojoba oil , coconut oil , apricot oil -LRB- gosh the list of organic natural oils really never ends and you can find them any where for cheap -RRB- . Then do whatever your curly girl routine is and you will love the results ! And if you want to straighten your hair I recommend doing this process without the avocado in the beginning -LRB- just because the chunks can get in the way -RRB- , you can substitute the avocado with any oil in the overnight period . And then while washing rinse most of the conditioner in your hair and then when done add some heat protector . I prefer Silk Elements with silk protein heat protection spray . Straighten your hair however you do . When done add some natural oils.Tip
 I followed the directions as the bottle said . I am Indian , and I have thick curly hair . This product SMELLS HORRIBLE . it makes your pillows and your towels stink for 2 days . It continued to smell bad after i washed my hair . oh and the best part , my hair is exactly the same after the treatment .
 I 've bought Organix shea butter conditioner in the past . It is great for my daughter 's curly hair . However , the bottles I ordered from here seemed watered down . I went and bought another bottle at the store , and it was definitely better . I would not order this conditioner from here again .
 I love the idea of vanilla scent but when the package came , I was so excited of using it . The smell is overpowering and it gives me headaches .
 This product is worthless . I have medium curly , long coarse thick hair . It did absolutely nothing . Now I was not looking for a full blown straightening treatment . I am not that optimistic from a 15 dollar version of what costs hundreds at salons . However I was at least hoping for a little bit of a smoother look as I live in a very humid area to which my hair reacts poorly . I followed the directions exactly , vague as they are regarding `` over saturating '' . My hair , which is auburn colored -LRB- natural -RRB- , is horribly dry , it is also still just as frizzy and has a definite lighter look to it , which luckily I do not mind as my hair usually lightens to this color by the end of summer so it really just gave me a head start . HOWEVER I do mind the dryness . My Hair was impossible to brush through for the first few days after . I have used other Organix products in the past and loved them . This one I would n't recommend to anyone . Stay far far away !!!
 I put this in my mother 's hair 3 days ago . Her head is entirely gray . When I flat ironed it after putting the product on , it turned a yellow-orange . We were hoping it would wash it but we washed it last night and it is still the same color . Her hair is soft and much straighter , so I feel the product does work . But , if you have light hair , I would NOT use this . We have not come up with a plan for her color yet .
 I have very coarse , curly hair . I bought the suave keratin product , saw it was recalled , and looked for another product . This had such great reviews that my sister and I both decided to give it a try.The result
 Followed directions - My hair appeared incredibly greasy both immediately after application and in the days following , after washind and styling . My hair type
 No change in my hair texture , but my flat iron only goes to 410 * . I have thick wavy to kinky curly in the back .
 Followed the instructions and spent 2 days with this stuff on my head during which time of course , my hair was straight . -LRB- Blow drying your hair straight and then hours of a flat iron will do that lol -RRB- I have shoulder length curly hair , but not black hair and not super thick . I used about half of the product . I did n't think that the product smelled bad in any way , nor was I panicked by excessive smoke from the flat iron . My hair stayed straight , non frizzy and soft during the 48 hours but as soon as I washed it it went right back to curly.My hair was darkened slightly by the product but not damaged in any way . Since I received 2 boxes as a gift , I might do it again using a little less as a leave-in conditioner.As a curl remover it did n't work at all .
 I heated the process , the smell , and am very dissapointed with the final results . My hair even feels drier . I felt sick by the smell . I would never use it again or recommend it to anyone .
 i used this product today as it was recommended to me by a friend and after flat ironing realised that it totally changed the color of my light blonde hair to a unnatural orange hue . Very upset to say the least . Please do not use this if you are a blonde !!! it does n't mention this anywhere on the product information .
 I followed the directions for the Organix Brazilian Keratin Treatment to a `` T '' -LRB- even left it on for an additional day -RRB- and it DID ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to my hair ... . save maybe a bit of extra conditioning . PLEASE do n't waste your money or more importantly your time on this product . I 'd purchased mine at Target so was able to return it - even without the receipt and part of the package missing -LRB- gloves and shampoo -RRB- . I bought with my credit card and Target accepts returns without receipts as long as you have credit card you purchased with.I was very hopeful that this would work on my very curly , frizzy , very fine hair , but as I said IT DID NOTHING!VERY DISAPPOINTING ... : -LRB-
 I got a professional blowout a few months ago , at a salon by a pro . stylist , i felt i needed a touch up but not bad enough to get another blowout from the salon so i bought this product and IT TURNED MY HAIR HOME DEPOT ORANGE!I had to wash it and its not as orange but i never had orange in my hair to begin with nor did i want orange hair so i am NOT happy with this product i will need to wash several more times to fully get rid of the orange tint.It is MUCH MUCH MUCH better to pay the professionals to do it , nothing like this has happened before to anyone that i know when they 've gone to the salon , i will always go to the pros because i dont need haloween home depot orange hair . > : / VERY PISSED WITH PRODUCT
 I bought this product with low expectations.I was not expecting a miracle . I figured for $ 15.00 , if it cuts down on the frizz , I would be satisfied . I was not expecting a true straightening treatment.First off a description of my hair - Colored a medium brown with some small caramel highlights in the front/top . Texture - coarse , kinky , wavy and thick.I straighten my hair every day with a chi straightener.To begin with ... People were complaining about the smell during the two day period . It was not bad at all . And besides , would you put up with a funky smell for 2 days in order to have less frizz for a month?The smell of the product was never the problem , it was actually the burnt smell of straightening my hair so much that bothered me . It was like a burnt coconut smell . -LRB- I will return to this topic further down in my review -RRB- When applying the product , I would suggest using a paintbrush . -LRB- like the professionals use at a salon , when giving you highlights -RRB- That made it so much easier to apply without over saturating . You can get these for like $ 1 at Sally 's Beauty Supply . Very helpful.Oh and by the way Re
 I have fine , curly , sort of frizzy hair . I followed the directions to the letter . Washed with the shampoo twice -LRB- which they recommend for very curly hair -RRB- . Put on the cream , waited 30 minutes , blow-dried and then flat ironed my hair several times . Then flat ironed it again before going to bed , after waking , after work , before bed , and repeated the following day . I did n't wash or get my hair wet for 48 hours ... and after washing , it is just as curly as it was . No difference.Well , I had to try it to know if it would work .
 I did not get the right product and the one I got left my hair so greasy I will not use it again . I ordered the oil for my split end mender which I love and ca n't find in stores anymore . Instead I was sent the anti-breakage serum .
 So , I thought I would give this a try since I have very thick , wavy , long hair that takes forever to dry and straighten daily . I used this product as stated , and found it very difficult to get through the entire process without gagging due to the horrible smell ... but , pain is beauty right ? So I finished everything as instructed . Once I finally washed it out , however , the fumes were even worse . I could barely stand the smell of myself in the shower , and had to keep sticking my head out for a gasp of fresh air . I repeatedly washed my hair with every shampoo and conditioner I had in the house , but nothing took the smell away.Although my hair was smoother and straighter , the real truth came out when I went to my usual workout class at the gym . My best friend literally gasped when we started to sweat and the room started to smell like my HAIR ! I felt so bad , and the towel I was using to wipe my sweat away stunk too . It was so embarrassing !!! The smell lasted for about a month , despite numerous efforts to cover it up . I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone -LRB- and neither would anyone at my gym , LOL -RRB- .
 If I could give this no stars , I absolutely would . Not only because the treatment did not work , but because customer service at Organix was honestly the worst I have ever experienced -LRB- and that is truly saying something -RRB- . I followed the directions word for word , carefully , and using the products they ask to use -LRB- a hot straightening iron -RRB- . After having to spend close to 3 hours on my hair , followed by an awful 48 hours of greasy , smelly hair , I honestly saw NO RESULTS . I was hoping for anything - anything for me to feel like paying $ 15 was worth it , but honestly I should have just thrown my money in the trash can.I then followed up with an email to Organix to see what they could offer - advice , insight , or a refund , but was offered instead - the worst customer service ever ... After sending an initial inquiry email it took two weeks for any response in which they scolded me for not following directions . Seriously - if I did n't follow directions - why would I be complaining about an ineffective product ? When I responded to that email , it then took 3 weeks for another response with this : `` I apologize but we do not offer a money back guarantee . `` No greeting , no name , no nothing . I am hoping to be in touch with a supervisor or manager but after the service I have seen , I 'm not expecting it . If I could report this company to somewhere I absolutely would . Any ideas?So I guess the bottom line is , If you are prepared to waste $ 15 , sore arms , and loads of time on this terrible product , then be my guest - go for it . For all those who are still thinking about it - I just suggest waiting for an online deal where you can go to a professional hair stylist -LRB- I just found a deal for $ 79 -RRB- and actually see results.Sincerely , $ 15 out of pocket
 I followed the steps exactly and left it in my hair for 2 days , which was gross . It smells pretty nasty , and makes your hair look greasy , but I thought that would be worth it if it did what it said . It did n't really . I have very curly , fine hair that 's frizzy and I straighten it everyday , so it was also pretty damaged . I noticed broken-off hairs in the sink when I was applying the product , so it is somewhat damaging -LRB- it 's not noticeable in my final result because I have tons of hair . But the wad of hair I cleaned out of the sink was pretty big so kepe that in mind if you do n't have a lot of hair . -RRB- My hair is also died a deep red color , and the pre-shampoo stripped some of the color out , but not a whole lot . It stripped A LOT of color out of the places that I had missed with the red dye -LRB- which started out as a dyed dark brown color -RRB- and now those spots are back to my natural blonde , so that 's kind of weird . I went over the goo in my hair with a 450 degree straightener many times -LRB- the box says 7-10 -RRB- and my hair is still very curly . Some of the frizz is taken out , and my hair is soft , so it really seems to have worked more like an intensive conditioner . But it 's definitely not straight by any stretch of the imagination . I wo n't be getting this again .
 I have blond highlighted hair and was very careful to read over the encloded instructions for this product about color treated hair . It clearly states that it is safe for highlighted and color treated hair . It turned my hair orange !! It is not safe for highlighted hair and I have just read several other reviews with the same concern . Why has this company not disclosed this , yet when obviously it is a problem .
 First time I used it , I thought for sure there was something wrong with my usual SHAMPOO - that had to be the reason my hair came out oily , so I bought a clarifying shampoo next day to wash out the residue . As soon as I put the serum in , grease pit again . But still in denial about this `` light weight '' serum I decided to replace my conditioner and round brush ... and wash AGAIN with clarifying shampoo . Put the serum in ... again Crisco in the can . After four days of smelling and looking like I did n't wash my hair in a week , today I decided not to use it . My hair is perfect . So , if you like greasy hair -LRB- or feel you want to gamble getting it -RRB- then pick this product up . Do n't say you were n't warned . Oh , my hair is shoulder length , straight not thin , but thick either . My 15 year old curly dry haired daughter used it - same thing . But she learned after one washing : - -RRB-
 I was pretty excited about this product because I love the Organix Brazilian line of shampoos and conditioners . I followed the directions and as I was blow drying my hair , my eyes began to really sting . After I straightened my eyes immediately began to water . After just an hour or two my eyes were dry , itchy , stinging and watering and now my nose was sniffly . I decided it ca n't be good for me if it 's doing this to me so I washed my hair after just 5 hours . I 'm afraid I 'll never see if it would have worked , but it really did a number on me . I must add that I do not normally suffer from any type of allergies besides the occasional seasonal allergy . This stuff is NOT good for you , I would stay away from it !
 I have white-blond hair , and during the flat iron stage of this process , the very first strand I tried turned bright yellow . Disgusting . Unfortunately , it was right in the front of my face , so now I have to re-color that section . I 'm completely disappointed !!
 I bought this product after seeing reviews saying that it straightens afro hair but it did not work for mine . I followed the directions and waited longer than 48 hrs to wash with the shampoo . My hair is still in an afro and frizzy . It made my hair softer and easier to comb thru but that 's about it . I still have half a bottle left but I think i might go to the salon to get a professional treatment.Update
 Let me start by saying that my Latino hair is thin , to the shoulders , wavy with curls at the ends and nape of my neck . I usually use anti-frizz product to let it air dry or enhance the curls but rarely blow dry it or iron it . I have been coloring it for a few years and used a lightening color over the summer that damaged it . My main reason for trying this product was to eliminate the curls and frizziness . The raving reviews and low cost gave me much hope and I was expecting amazing results.I followed the instructions to the tee . The product smells like rancid food or rotting oranges . Disgusting ! I figured if the results were great , it would be worth it . I used my straightening iron on 400 degrees and my hair got so hot that it burned my fingers as I ironed away . The waxiness of the product leaves you with heavy , stringy hair but once again , I thought it would be worth it . The 48 hours were SO tortuous and I sprayed perfume on my head over and over to cover the smell . I ironed it every day to make sure it was super straight but my hair resisted after a few hours . -LRB- Also , my iron and brushes got covered with the wax . Ewww ! -RRB- After waiting for 52 hours , just to make sure I gave it enough time , I washed with Organix products and was prepared for straightness . To my dismay , my hair was EXACTLY the same as before the treatment ... actually worse . Still frizzy , with the curls at the ends and nape of my neck , but now with some stringy straight hair along my face . I was going to let it air dry but it looked stringy so I decided to blow dry it . It did dry faster than usual but it was still frizzy and although I shampooed twice , I could still smell it and it still felt waxy . It was soft but should n't all conditioned hair feel soft?So , I am very disappointed with this and do n't think I 'll even use the remaining product since I only used half of it . The three days of work does not justify the results for me but you can take a chance on it .
 not a fan of this product . At all . It makes my hair feel hard and crispy and full of tangles .
 I gave the keratin shampoo and conditioner a month to see if it would work and all it did was make my hair worse . I liked it at first , it smelled great . but about half way through the month my hair was weaker then it was before , all broken and dirty feeling . It made it almost impossible to even get my fingers though my hair when it was wet , and combing it when dry was so difficult that i ended up breaking a lot of it . It also made my hair feel dirty and greasy . I had to was my hair twice a much not to feel dirty , which also lead to the brittle broken hair . Over all I was shocked at how terrible these products were . Oh and do n't let me forget to mention It did absolutely nothing to smooth or straighten my hair . I was n't even able to flat iron my hair while using the products due to the terrible condition then turned my hair . I used the shampoo , the conditioner , and the anti breakage serum . None of them did . I bought the flat iron spray , but did n't have the opportunity to use it . I will be throwing the remainder of the products out . To the best of my memory I can not think of a family of products that are worse then these . As a new customer to the Orgainx brand , I say with all certainty that I will never buy another product again , and will try my best to pass on my experience to as many people as possible .
 Wow , I feel like such an idiot ... I had already shampooed and applied the product when I decided to look up reviews . I am a blonde and started to freak out when I saw that others were reporting brassy and orange discoloration after using the product . I decided that my hair still looked bright & blonde , so it was probably some fluke on their part . I was even happier when , after blow-drying my hair , it STILL looked shiny , straight and still immaculately blonde . Fantastic ! Until I started in with the straightening iron . I was almost in tears as I saw my hair change from gorgeous to brassy & tacky . This product may work , but it 's certianly not for anyone with light hair . I am extremely disappointed that it states it 's `` safe for all types of hair , even color-treated & highlighted '' , when it 's obviously not . Now I have to deal with hoping that I can return the crap to get my $ 16 bucks back so that I can turn around and pay someone to fix my hair color . Terrible product .
 I follow the intructions , i did it at night . The result was straight greasy hair , i thought that maybe the next day i could use the flat Iron a little bit more and that the hair will absord the product at night but instead , because of the smell i have nightmares of smeling fumes of fire , i woke up and it was the smell of my hair . Next day the grease in my hair look like yellow dandruf , so i just wash my hair and my highlighs turned out orange . Now my throat hurts i think it was the fumes of the product while i was using the flat iron because i felt a bitter taste in my mouth while ironing my hair the night i used the product . In my personal experience i wo n't recomend this product .
 I have medium curly , dark with about 30 % grey , color treated hair . During my forties it 's grown thinner , and began to frizz and lose curl . I 've always worn it curly , but it 's getting too frizzy to go without products or blow dry straightening . Using this , I just wanted to reduce my frizz . I only used it once . Although I followed the directions about ventillation , it gave me a horrible , long lasting case of asthma that is still persisting after 2 weeks . I already have asthma , but this is worse than any long lasting attack I 've ever had . It also did n't help my hair . It came out softer , but it took out most of the curl without helping the frizz . I now have thin , frizzy , wavy , impossible to style -LRB- layered , medium length -RRB- hair . I 'm slowly getting over the asthma attack using my inhaled steroids at a high dose , and hoping that both lungs and hair will return to normal in time .
 All I wanted was smooth , soft hair . What I got was heavy , stiff and hawaiian tropic smelling for 48 hours . Then when I washed my hair it smelled so bad I got dizzy . Instead of smooth , soft hair , I got coarse , fly away and smelly . There is a reason people pay $ 150 for this treatment . Do n't waste your time and do n't risk your hair .
 It does n't matter if this will make my hair look great or not . Why ? Because I spend a lot of money for amazing highlights . I 've got platinum blonde all the way to dirty blonde in my hair . This product turned my hair brassy orange . No Joke . So what now , Is this going to take 30 days to get my blonde back ? It looks like someone poured Peroxide on my head . This is just great ! use this if ur a brunette .
 This was a disaster and a nightmare . It took way to long to apply , with all the steps . I have long and thick hair and it was so stiff and sticky that there was no way to even get a comb through it . I gave up and washed my hair after 12 hours , even though you are not supposed to . I could n't stand it another minute . The absolute worst hair product I have ever purchased . So gross !
 This product made my hair very hard , dry , brittle and sticky feeling . I had to re wash my hair after using this .
 I have thick , brown hair that is prone to drying out and frizzing . This product actually made it worse . It certainly `` mended '' my hair by making it sticky . The only good thing is it smells good . Other than that , it made my hair even frizzier and it tangled more than before .
 I had a professional Coppola Hair treatment done a year ago and I LOVED it . I have long , dark , extremely thick hair . The Coppola treatment lasted a long time and was worth the money . But because of my budget , I do n't have $ 300 to spend every 6 months on my hair , let alone the very expensive shampoo and conditioner that goes with it.Since I 've been growing out my hair and have n't had a trim in a while , I decided to give this product a shot before I got a trim . What 's the harm?Well now I 'm afraid to touch my own hair.After washing with the shampoo and waiting for it to get pretty dry , I put in the product . Initially I felt like I was not going to have enough for all of my hair , but when I got to the top of my head I still had a considerable amount left in the bottle so I filled in the spots I had skimped on . I thought , how in the world could a head of mine be over saturated ? Well I 'm pretty sure that 's what went wrong.The box really does n't describe what they mean by over-saturation . To me , it looked fine . It looked like I had just dyed my hair -LRB- similar consistency -RRB- . When I started blowdrying my hair 30 minutes later I realized that something had gone wrong . My hair literally felt glued to my head . I thought it would get better but when I got to the top of my head , I could n't even run my fingers through it without it getting stuck.I decided that I would try and straighten it like I 'm supposed to and see how that goes . I thought it would lock in the treatment and therefore leave my hair a little less disgusting.I was wrong.It was worse . For someone who likes to have really soft hair , all the time , there was no way I could leave my hair like this for another minute . It felt like someone had just dumped 10 pounds of grease on my hair . Granted it did not look greasy at the roots , I could n't handle the agony of having gross hair for two days.The Coppola treatment was nothing like this . While the texture changed a little bit , I had no problem leaving the product in for 72 hours . Even longer than this one says to!After washing my hair about an hour after I initially put in the treatment , it feels a lot better . It still smells gross and chemically . Like someone poured coconut oil on their hair and then tried to cover it up with chemicals . I 'm glad I did n't continue , I was dumb not to read all of the reviews before-hand . I really hope my hair does n't end up being damaged . I am getting it trimmed soon but do n't want to have to cut off too much!It is definitely worth saving up the money for the salon treatment.Crisis averted .
 i have course , thick , dark blonde hair which i do not color and only blow dry / flat iron 1-2 times per week . i followed the instructions , trudging thru 2 days of having a ` greasy ' head . i even re-straightened both mornings w my 450 ' flat iron . after the 48 hrs , i washed and air-dryed my hair . i 've also washed and blown it dry since then but there is NO difference at all to my hair other than it seems slightly frizzier . wish i knew if i did something wrong or just not a good product for my hair ...
 Ok maybe I did n't put enough , but at first after blow drying then flat ironing my hair was straight but not silky flat straight.it was thick and I could feel the product . I thought maybe the product had to set in but NOOOOO ! My hair was dull , dry , and HUGE by the second day!I slept with it down and woke up to my hair curling up and even bigger !! Just awful I could n't wait to wash it out and get my hair back to normal ! I do have a lot of thick wavy curly hair , its a bit dry so it needs oils and serum . This stuff did nothing that I can tell ... seemed softer when I washed out but that 's it ! Was really a waste of my time ! I 'm happy back to normal straight hydrated hair just by useing my john frieda serum for course hair ! -LRB- Purple bottle -RRB- This stuff is great !! Btw . . The smell was n't bad , smells like coconuts !
 This is the worst product I have ever used . I have been putting hair straightening products on my hair for 30 years . I have done it my self and had it done professionally . This product is a waste of time and money . I found a product I loved . I bought it and it was taken off the market . So when I found this one , I bought THREE BOXES . I am now stuck with two boxes of a product that DID NOT WORK AT ALL ! It is put in your hair , left in for 48 hours , you are left to look greasy and slimy for two whole days , you take it out of your hair and it has done nothing . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME .
 It 's taken me a month after applying this treatment to my hair to write a review , i was trying to wait to see if my hair would change . I have -LRB- had -RRB- thick LONG hair and after following the instructions to a tee , i have uneven dry brittle hair that breaks with the slightest touch . If i would 've known this i would have never put this in my hair , i just want my old hair back . I 'll take thick and coarse over dry dry hard hair that sheds in chumps . No matter how many deep conditioners i have , my hair reverts to this weird texture that does n't respond to moistureI 'll never use this again and would n't advise it .
 The application was difficult , the instructions were vague -LRB- It did n't even say how much to use ! -RRB- , it smelled AWFUL , and it irritated my scalp . I waited just over the 48 hours it said to , and my hair is n't straight AT ALL , except for that it no longer has body . It looks like border collie fur . I would n't recommend this product to my worst enemy .
 At first I was hesitant to use this product due to the reports of discoloration . I followed the directions to a T and left the product in for just over 48 hours , the product smells pleasant but after continually straightening there was a slight burnt smell to my hair . During the treatment my hair was soft and had very little trouble keeping it straight , but as soon as the product was washed out my hair seemed even more curled than before .
 If I could give this product zero stars I would . Not only was this a complete waste of my money but the damage it has done to my hair is proving even more costly to fix -LRB- or attempt to ! -RRB- . Interested for some time in the whole Brazilian Karatin craze I saw an ad for the Organix line in a magazine and decided to order a kit off of Amazon . It came extremely fast and I got down to applying it exactly as directed . I even watched videos posted online including the official one by Organix . The main selling point for me was the `` natural '' aspect , frizz control benefits that were touted along with creating stronger hair . Having it pin straight was not something I was concerned about.After using this I am still at a loss as to what it is actually supposed to achieve . Using the flat iron to seal the treatment into my hair , my hair was not as straight as I could normally get it . It was left with no shine , felt brittle and was noticeably lighter in color . There was also a chemical smell to the product . After washing it from my hair I could instantly see the huge amount of damage , especially around the crown and sides , that had been done . Even worse my hair was left so porous and brittle that I could n't use any heat on it at all and it took ages to dry . The texture was nothing that I had ever experienced on myself before . -LRB- for reference my hair is long , wavy , thick European hair -RRB- . Weeks later and I 'm still trying to fix this and will have to cut a good 2 inches from the ends . Never again !
 I wish that the warning about discoloration had been stronger . I HAD very light blonde hair before I used this . After I had begun to dry and straighten my hair , it turned the color of american cheese . The more that I used heat onit , the brighter that it became . I was horrified . I had to wash my hair immediately and color with a dark blonde to try and cover up this disaster . Now my hair is destroyed . I will say that after I had done my hair and it was bright YELLOW/ORANGE , it was pin straight . I assume that it will work great for other hair colors , but I am devastated by what has happened to my hair . I gave it one star because , it was straight afterwards . PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE be careful if you are a blonde .
 I bought it for my daughter who has very curly hair . I followed the directions . The end results was very disappointing since her hair did not come out looking straight . Trinidad
 This is the worst thing i have ever put on my hair.If possible i would n't have given even a single star.Not only my hair became more fizzy i started shedding my hair . . literally like a snake shedding its skin.Its been a month since i have used it my hair has reduced to half and have become more fizzy.I can see my scalp now.Every inch of the carpet has hair and i am vacuuming more times than before.I duuno if it suits other hair better.I would never recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this with little hope as it 's not a salon treatment . Followed the directions , and after 45 minutes of blow drying my hair -LRB- Thick , shoulder length -RRB- I was probably another 25 minutes from it getting dry completely , white bits -LRB- from the product -RRB- in my hair and running my hands through my hair felt like I forgot to rinse out a very thick conditioner , I knew that there was no way I 'd able to handle wearing it straight for work OR going 2 days without washing it . . I brushed it and the result a very sleek , very shiny ponytail to wear to work , but I will wash my hair right after I get home . Will not try again . . No disappointment really as I did n't expect much .
 This product turns blonde hair bright brassy orange . Use with caution . It will straighten your hair , but hair has to be toned afterward , unfortunately the toner is costly and removes the benefits of the product .
 FIRST I BUY THIS PRODUCT THINKING BECAUSE IS ORGANIC AND ONLY LAST FEW MONTHS IS GON NA BE FINE BIG MISTAKE THE PRODUCT DID THE JOB BY MAKING MY HAIR STRAIGHT BUT AFTER FIRST 4 WEEKS MY HAIR BECOME REALLY WEAK AND NOW IS BRAKING AND FALLING IM SOOOO DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS DO NOT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID BUYING THIS IF U CA N'T AFFORD A GOOD KERATIN TREAMENT WITH APROFESIONAL AT U BEAUTY SALON DO N'T DO IT !!!! : -LRB-
 I have long , fine-medium texture , very wavy hair . This product provided the exact results that any cheap conditioning treatment does , only I had to walk around with oily hair for 2 days first . This may be a good conditioning treatment for someone with very dry and course hair , but it did nothing remotely remarkable for me . There are more expensive keratin treatments that work better at providing long term conditioning benefits . To get straighter and more manageable hair , you pretty much have to have a chemical/salon blowout like the chi or brazilian -LRB- I know ... scary ;-RRB- .
 It 's truly sad that nowadays you ca n't trust reviews anymore because people are being paid to write reviews but trust me -- save your money . I have African-American hair and was looking for an alternative to a perm and thought I would give this product a try . The first time I tried it , I followed the instructions remembering not to over saturate the hair with the exception of using a flat iron that only went up to 390 degrees . Results ? Straight hair . Not bone straight but my hair resembled how my hair would look 3 weeks after a perm . It had a slightly waxy feeling but nothing to complain about . I was excited but I was so worried that all of my hair would fall out that I decided to wash it out after 24 hours instead of waiting the 48 hours . Poofy hair returned to how it was before I did the treatment . Then I tried it a second time a week later using the same flat iron because I could n't imagine puting any more heat on my hair but this time I over saturated it . Waited two days and washed it out with the recommended shampoo . Results ? Poof ! Return of the naps ... . Purchased a flat iron that reached 410 degrees and tried a third time a week later this time over saturating my hair and crancking the flat iron up to 410 . Same results as before . Then I washed it out 2 days later and POOF ! Nappy hair ! The moral of the story ? If it only costs $ 15 and the price is steadily declining , it does n't work at all . I would have been happy if it slightly worked but this is n't the case .
 I 've never written a review before but I just had to take the time to warn people about this product . The smell was horrible , I could n't go out in public for 48 hours because my hair looked like I had put a can of Crisco on it , and my hair didnt look much different after the first wash out . My hair is pretty straight to begin with - just a few waves and dents that I did n't want to flat iron - and it did n't even work on MY hair . This product is definitely not worth the money or the inconvenience .
 Why I bought it : I bought this treatment from the drugstore before I had heard of it or read reviews . I have shoulder-length , wavy , light brown hair and was looking for a smoothing treatment or serum ; I saw this and was impressed by the 30 day claim so I bought it . Of course the directions are not printed on the box , but instead on the inside of the label . Smart on their part but not great for customers ... I would never have bought it if I 'd have known I would n't be able to wash my hair for two days.The Process : So I followed all the directions and spent two days with my hair , neck , and face feeling all oily . Surprisingly , and a plus for the product , it does n't really * look * greasy after the initial blow-dry and flat-ironing process . It looked straight and soft -- just felt like a nightmare . I did n't expect my face to get oily , but when you ca n't tuck hair behind your ears it will touch your face and it will leave trace deposits there , so I should have expected it ... On the Smell : I want to make a note on the smell . I read the reviews while waiting to blow dry the treatment out of my hair -- dumb move on my part , but as I said I did n't know what I was getting myself into upon purchase -- and read everyone saying how awful the smell was . It took me awhile to understand , but now I do -- I 'll try to describe it . The treatment has a lingering , sickly sweet sort of smell . I once participated in a pie-toss in which I was covered in whipped cream . Despite showering thoroughly afterward , the smell stayed on me for days . It became a sour milk sort of smell , but with this weird sweet note behind it . That is exactly what this treatment smelled like . It permeated my pillowcase and made it hard to sleep . It got into my hairbrush and made me wince when I used it . It got worse over the two days before I could wash it and then -- the kicker -- it did not wash out . I had to wash it several times before the smell went away.Did It Work?A little . Not enough to be worth it . Literally , girls , you could take five more minutes with the flat iron and skip the treatment altogether . My hair is ever so slightly smoother now , and ever so slightly straighter . I will still need to use the flat iron if I want it straight . This is day one for me so I 'm hoping the smoothness , at least , will hang around for a couple of weeks so I can get some benefit from the treatment . To be fair I did wash it several times to get the smell out which could have deterred the effectiveness of the product , but I 'd rather spend a few more minutes straightening than explaining to people why I smell like soured cool whip .
 I bought this treatment at the grocery store after spending a couple of hours perusing reviews . I figured if I followed instructions I should see at least some curl reduction , and since my hair is not as curly as many other peoples ' it seemed like a reasonable assumption to make.The shampoo smelled wonderful . I used about half the straightening formula on my shoulder length hair -- being as careful as possible not to oversaturate . After blow drying and flat ironing the beejeezus out of it -LRB- at 420 degrees -RRB- I spent the following 48 hours neurotically checking my hair for curls and kinks and combing out any tangles . I was very excited to wash the product out of my hair and watch it dry straight!But it did n't . My hair is as curly as it ever was , and I see no difference in frizz either . Statistically I doubt I got the one bottle that did n't work at all.Since I have a hectic schedule and had to take a day off to use this product , I doubt I will use it again . I 'm giving it one star because , well , what good is it if it does n't work at all ?
 This product ruined my once beatiful hair ! If i could rate this garbage a -5 stars I would have !!!!!! Before this product I had long beatiful curls , healthy and strong hair . My hair never shed , snapped , fell ... . My hair stylist of 10 years moved out of the state so I found someone new . At the beginning I thought she was great , i went to her once a week . After a few weeks I noticed that when I wet my hair my curls were different , they were falling and were not as defined as before . I asked the stylist what was she using to make my curls fall she said nothing , not to worry it was just that my hair was trained to be straight ... About 1.5 months later my hair began `` snapping '' off as i brushed , it began shedding and falling , not a few strands here and there , my bathroom floor looked like a hair salons floor after a hair cut !!!!!! I asked the stylist again what was she using again she said nothing . ******* AFTER LOOKING AROUND IN HER STATION I FOUND THE CULPRIT !!!!!! IT WAS THIS PRODUCT THAT CAUSED ME BROKEN OFF HAIR , split ends , dryness , shedding and breaking !!!!!!! She was putting this trash in my hair without my consent and lied about it all the times I asked her about it !!!!!! Needless to say I will never again allow that woman nor this product to touch my hair ! >> >> >> >> i have before , during and after pics of this products damage if you are interested to see for yourself !!! Email me at gems328@gmail.com to see pics before waisting your money on this tragedy of a product !!!! < < < < < < < < < < < <
 If you have colour treated hair DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT !! Not only was the product a waste of time and money , but it cost me much more because I had to get my hair recoloured after.There is no warning on the packaging or the directions on the bottle despite the company insisting that there is . After contacting Organix/Vogue International , the customer service is among the poorest I have experienced . I told them that my -LRB- coloured -RRB- hair had turned an unnatural shade after following the instructions and I had to wash it out after 18 hours . They pretty much told me `` sorry you feel that way and our directions on the packaging and bottle indicate to do a strand test '' . NOT TRUE !! If you read the packaging and bottle directions , they indicate no such thing . In fact the opposite - it says `` safe on colour treated hair '' . When I scanned the packaging and directions and emailed them again as proof - they did n't even bother to respond.BAD PRODUCT !!! BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 Length :
 -LRB- Firstly-I 'm writing this under my husbands account ! -RRB- About my hair
 I guess I 'm one of the few for whom it does n't work . Like another reviewer I repeated the process thinking maybe I did n't use enough the first time , but unlike her it still did n't work the second time around , even though I applied it more generously and made sure to make all those passes with the flat iron . Needless to say I 'm disappointed . After seeing other people 's reviews I expected to see a difference , maybe not super straight -LRB- which I do n't want anyway -RRB- but at least a loosening of the curl would 've been nice . I was n't as offended by the smell of the product as some people have been , it 's not the most pleasant but it was bearable . I only had straight hair for the 2 days the treatment was in . As soon as I washed it - with the sulfate/sodium free products - the curls were back . My hair is fine , not thick/coarse , it blow dries straight easily , so I 'm surprised it did n't work for me . FYI , if you 're intent on trying this product and your package is missing directions as mine was you can go to the Organix website to get them . Good luck , it seems to be working for most people -LRB- but unfortunately not all -RRB- .
 Followed instructions ... waited more than 48 hours . Hair is still just as curly as before , though it does feel very soft . I think that everyone 's hair is different and it just did n't work for me . Cheap enough that it 's worth a try , though !
 I did not notice a difference with this product . I followed directions , and my hair looks the same as it did before , just damaged .
 I bought this product , but was skeptical as to whether or not it would work as promised . I have extremely thick , shoulder length curls that are fairly loopy , not tight spirals . After washing my hair with the enclosed shampoo , my hair felt `` scratchy '' and tangled , like it does when it 's super stripped clean . I applied the treatment , which had the texture and smell of Elmer 's glue mixed with coconut , and left it on for half an hour . As I dried my hair , it made it hard to tell when it was fully dry . The straightening was the worst part . It took over an hour and a half , and a white smoke came off of my hair every time I made another pass with the iron . However , there was no unpleasant smell that I noticed , my throat does feel a little funny though . Now my hair is shiny and straight , it looks beautiful ! The treatment did create some blond highlights that were not there in my light brown hair before , so be warned . Luckily , I love the highlights so all is well ! If my hair still looks anything like this after being washed , it will have been well worth it ! Will update in two days after washing out.EDIT
 My hair is not super curly , but in between wavy and curly . I also have very long thin hair , so I would get up and straighten my hair every day . When I saw this product I figured it was worth a try -LRB- it cost me $ 15 plus around $ 16 for the shampoos -RRB- . Warnings/Findings : * I dyed my hair dark brown before doing this , and it lightened my hair ! so if you are worried about your hair lightening , then do n't use this product . * The box does not tell you how much to use . When I applied the treatment , I washed my hair 3 times ! -LRB- you are supposed to wash it twice for extra curly hair -RRB- I figured that this would secure my results . * The treatment smells good , but keeping your hair straight -LRB- no ponytails , clips , glasses etc. . I straightened my hair 2-3 times a day -RRB- is hard , and the greasy look you have to sport for two days is anything but appealing.My Results : I would say that my hair is pretty much the same as far as being curly/wavy . It feels a bit dried out , and the ends are frizzy unless I straighten it . However , it 's been about a week and my hair seems to react less to the humidity and 100 + degree weather , as when I straighten it now , it does not frizz halfway though the day , so it keeps longer.I do n't know if I will be able/willing to do this treatment again -LRB- although I have long hair , I still have half the bottle of the treatment left -RRB- . But I recently picked up the keratin treatment hot iron spray -LRB- same brand -RRB- , and figure this might do the job from now on since i have to flat iron my hair anyway .
 I 've tried this product twice now thinking maybe I made a mistake the first time but both times I was extremely careful and read the directions three or four times . It did not work AT ALL . There was absolutely no change before or after . The process took me about four hours from start to finish , and I 'm extremely disappointed that it was four hours of my life wasted . For reader reference , my hair is not course or kinky , just very curly and frizzes easily , so this treatment should have made at least a small difference .
 I 'll start by saying I have short , coarse , combination curly/wavy hair . I saw this product and that it 's considered safe for color treated hair so I decided to give it a shot . The instructions and application were easy enough . The scent of the product was unpleasant . The appearance of my hair during the 48 hour wait was n't what I consider leave the house worthy . The real trouble began during the wash out process after the 48 hour wait . Almost immediately , as I was shampooing my hair -LRB- in a well ventilated shower -RRB- I started to feel light-headed , dizzy , and nauseous . I finished up and my vision was literally spinning . This continued for 6 + hours post-wash . As for the condition of my hair , the cuticle is slightly smoother but the curl and wave remain . The hair at the nape of my neck was totally unchanged . It seems as though others had a good experience with the product but I did not , and I wo n't take the chance of using it again .
 I used this as directed , and had disgusting , greasy , felt like candle wax hair for tow days -- hate the smell of coconut so that made it worse -- flat ironed and flat ironed and flat ironed like it said -- ends still looked dry . looked shiney -- felt dirty and gross and had to shampoo over and over and over to get the wax feeling out -- so swithced back to my normal shampoo . worst part -- my hair is still wavy -- waste of time and money . I love the argan oil , and will stick with that and the nexus straight hair products that work and smell good .
 This treatment is a hot mess ! I could n't stand it and washed it out after only a few hours , so of course it did n't work for me - I am still itching and my scalp is burning . I must be allergic to something in it . Called the number for Organix , and they said `` see a dermatologist . '' When I discussed it with the dermatologist , she says contact the company . Both answers are not great , meanwhile I have itchy red bumps on my shoulders and neck and my scalp itches like crazy .
 I started by using the 30 day treatment . The results were pretty good , but in no way did it last 30 days . It only lasted until my next washing and , yes , I did use their sulfate free shampoo/conditioner . After a month or so I started getting bumps on my neck so I stopped using it as much and the bumps went away . The next time I was at the store , they did n't have the 30 day treatment so I tried the 14 day treatment which is a spray instead of a cream like the 30 day . Anyway , I liked the texture of my hair much better with the 14 day treatment , but then I started getting a wicked rash around my neck which I still have today . I really want to use a keratin treatment because I have such curly unruly hair . Every curly top is different and I have the type that is extremely pourous and fly away and will not hold moisture . I was hoping this would save my hair because it looks good when I use it . I 'm just way too allergic . The rash is severe and painful and itchy . It 's like once it 's on your skin it wo n't come off . The smoke it creates is also irritating to the nasal passages .
 This so called serum does n't do anything for your hair , trust me . I live in a dry area and i apply this serum sparingly , and by mid day I see all dust , basically everything dirty has stuck on my hair ! This serum does not hydrate , just makes your hair look oily and dirty ! suave keratin infusion is better !
 I really wanted this product to work , but in the end it did n't change my hair that much . I 'm biracial with very curly poofy frizzy hair , i guess the treatment caused my hair to calm down a bit , but not huge change . My hair is a little less frizzy , but still curly and poofy . Took me about 1.5 hours to do treatment . I think I may have put in too little of serum because i was afraid of oversaturating my hair . Very little overall change , but at least my hair did n't fall out !
 Currently , my eyes are itching and watery . I just applied it this morning . It straightened my hair quite fine , but there are little white particles that look like dandruff from it . It does stink somewhat , but there is also a coconut smell . As a matter of fact , someone at the store today said , `` It smells like coconut . '' while walking past me . However , the itchy , watery eyes I could live without . Also , my throat is kind of achy . I ca n't wait to wash this buisness out of my hair . Maybe all these afflictions will go away when I do wash it out .
 Given the down economic times in which we live , I bought this inexpensive product in hopes of getting benefits -LRB- albeit small ones -RRB- of a salon treatment , of which was price prohibitive for me . I 'm a guy with longish hair that is typically dry and suffers poof . I also have a a wave issue.Granted this is inexpensive so clearly I was n't expecting a miracle , but I also was n't expecting to end up with hair like straw and highlights that turned brassy . All of this after suffering through an unbelievable 48 hour period of treatment.The process consists of shampooing with their clarifying shampoo -LRB- included -RRB- blow drying your hair to 80 % dry , then applying the keratin product . First they tell you `` do n't over saturate '' but they do NOT tell you how much to put on . Then when it is applied you blow dry using a brush to pull out the wave . Then you can not wash your hair for 48 hours . Oh my god , what a nightmare those 48 hours were . My hair was so completely greasy , flat , and disgusting looking that I literally would not leave the house for two days.You ca n't wear a hat or anything as long as its in the hair.At the end of the two days I could n't wait to get in a shower and wash it out . Once I did , I was excited to dry it to see how it turned out , and wham , nothing ... well , nothing good anyway . As I said my hair was frizzier , brassier , and just as wavy . I was mad that I wasted a weekend on this junk.I guess it is true ... . you get what you pay for .
 I am not sure what the keratin is derived from but I would n't be surprised to find out it was carrots because it turned my hair orange ! I followed the steps exactly as I read them and two days later I am still sulking . I will probably have to go to the salon and pay $ 100 to get corrective coloring . : -LRB-
 I 'm so very disappointed in this product . I followed the instructions to a T , and was initially very impressed . Immediately after doing the treatment , my hair was as straight and smooth as hair can be . I waited 48 hours before washing , as instructed . I washed with sulfate-free shampoo , as instructed . But as soon as I took the towel off of my head , every little spiral sprang right back up , as if I had never done a thing . I let my hair air-dry to see what would happen , and I ended up with a giant , frizzy , curly mess . I was stunned . I ca n't believe I spent hours treating my hair with this product , only to end up exactly where I started .
 I been tossing around getting my hair Keratin straightened at a salon but finding some place around me is difficult or costly . Then one night I was at Walmart and saw this stuff . I thought `` hmmm just like the video I saw online but at home , I can do this '' so I brought it home . a week later I finally got time to do it . I did n't notice the smell as I had a headcold and was a bit congested . That night my eyes started watering . I thought it was from the cold . Sunday night my eyes are watering and dry feeling . Again thought it was the cold . Monday I go to the doctor -LRB- after finally washing the product out -RRB- find out that my eyes are raw and watering because of the chemicals in this product . Here I sat with it on my head for 2 days -LRB- as per instructions -RRB- and all that time it was burning my eyes . The Kicker -- my hair is n't straight . sure it is a bit softer but it is just as curly and I followed the directions , well ventalate area , it was straight when I was waiting those 2 days . but now my eyes are raw feeling and watery and i had to pay an additional $ 30 for doctor and eye drops . This is something that you should n't do at home . Too much can go wrong and you have a 50/50 chance of having straight hair .
 I applied the 30 Day Smoothing Treatment as directed . I even watched several videos of professionals applying a keratin treatment to ensure correct application . My hair is thick , coarse , and has blonde highlights . The next day I had to wear a hat to cover what looked like the greasiest head of hair you 've ever seen . I also noticed severe discoloration . Although the directions said not to wash for 48 hours , it was clear that damage had been done in less than that time , so continuing to leave the treatment in would not make matters any better . That afternoon , I went home , washed and conditioned with the recommended Organix sulfate free product , styled it , and I was near tears . The ends of my hair are crispy `` fish hooks '' , the texture is like straw , and the color is ORANGE . Even my 10 year old son who is asked what was wrong with my hair . DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT . I am 41 years old and this is only the second complaint I have ever contacted a business about -LRB- the other was a restaurant . -RRB- never written a complaint to be viewed in public . I have contacted the company , retelling my horrible experience , and have asked for a refund . If there had been the slightest warning on the package label , I would not have used this product .
 This stuff is junk !!!! I am a hairstylist and have blonde highlights like alot of you out there , although on the constant quest for straight hair decided to defy the odds and try it ... . needless to say , followed the directions step by step , dealt with the smell , the time and the 2 days of greasy hair , all for NOTHING !! I now have brassy highlights and still frizzy curls ... I have never done a review on any of the so called `` Miracle cures for curly hair '' but I am so fed up with false promises I had to write this one . For the people it worked for I wish you would come to my house and show me exactly how you did it so I could see the results for myself because right now I 'm having a really tough time believing ... I have used everything from Wen haircare products to Moroccan Oil , Freeze ease to Organix and everything in between . . Stop getting our hopes up with products that do n't work ... My hair is not difficult , semi-thick , fine and curls that are not uniform , I can straighten my hair easily with a blowdryer and round brush and for super straight , a flat iron . Freeze ease 3 day straight and the Organix Keratin flat iron spray are the best things so far for me ... sooooo disappointed in this one ... . now I must go fix my highlights ...
 This product did absolutely nothing to help my daughter 's curly and frizzy hair . In fact , it seemed to make it even curlier and frizzier . It also seemed to dry it out and burn it from all the curling iron treatments it suggests you do . I would not recommend anyone to waste their money on this product .
 The product does work . Unfortunately , the makers are really deceptive . One of the ingredients on the label is Ethandial . According to the Fisher Scientific Material Safety Data Sheet for Ethandial `` NIOSH has noted the similarity of its mutagenic profile to formaldehyde , acetaldehyde , and malonaldehyde and has advised concern regarding its carcinogenic '' . NIOSH is the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , a federal agency tasked with conducting environmental research . The goal of the agency is to reduce or prevent work related illness and injuries.I am African-American and I first used this product on my daughter 's hair and then on my hair . I deeply regret exposing us to this chemical because I had a headache from the time this product was on my head until I finally rinsed it out . Actually , I did not even wait the full 48hours . In addition , it left my scalp burning and very sensitive to the touch inspite of not having placed it directly on my scalp . If a company claims to be chemical free , then they should publish their ingredient list on-line . I have yet to see any of the Brazilian Keratin producers perform such a task because they know their products have chemicals that can cause cancer .
 I was so excited for the results of this product , especially after so many women with black , curly and ethnic hair had positive reviews with it . Can I just say I am so mad at myself for following the directions exactly on this product . I should know better than to punish my hair with a 450 degree iron by going over it 10 times !!! Think about it ladies , that is murder for your hair . I found this out the hard way when i finished using this product . WHat a bummer to be so looking forward to it , and it came out with several harsh burnt patches on my head afterwards . The parts of my hair that were not singed off , did feel softer . and was flattened as promised . I use sulfate free shampoo and my hair stayed curl-less for months afterward . Good thing I did n't really mind not having my curls because even now 6 months later my curls are not as shapely and as present as before using this treatment . ANy hair dresser I tell that I did this process myself cringes at the idea of people trying this at home . Final answer
 The first time I applied this product , my hair was greasy and the smell was too strong.Once I washed my hair , it felt rubbery . It was straight but the texture of my hair has not been the same . I have been washing my hair twice a week in attempts of removing the chemicals but nothing seems to work.Good Luck with this one !!!
 This product is not worth it !! # 1 . I dye my hair blue black and it stripped all the color out of my hair leaving it looking like I had light brown highlights . # 2 . It left a flakey residue on my hair and just made it look oily ... maybe I over saturated , but there must be a very fine line between being enough and too much . There was also no way I was going to leave my house with this stuff in my hair for 48 hours . I had to wash it out the next morning . Total waste of money .
 I have had the Keratin treatment several times and I tried this one and it 's horrible ! My hair was so greasy and it smelled terrible . I would not recommend this product .
 I used this product for three weeks . First I noticed my hair seemed to be thinning in spots and my scalp felt dry.The increase dryness resulted in cellulitis and contact dermatitis , which had to be treated with antiboitics . If youhave sensitive skin be ware that this product may cause hair lost and blister your scalp .
 I have had my hair done professionally before and results were similar in straightness and it would be less time to dry my hair , all the positives . I think your hair will be gunky and feel like Keratin treated no matter which product or how it 's applied for the two days . Definitely ventillate with a fan . I was n't dying from the smell , but I noticed I was coughing some , so turned on the fan.BUT ... I wish I could post a before and after pic on here . BOZO the clown . Some of you might be too young for Bozo , he has bright orange hair . My daughter this morning , said , Mom , your hair . I said I know . She said , Well , it would be good for Halloween . I think that about sums it up , folks . Maybe if you have dark hair , go for it . Blonde hair , run , do n't walk . If you threw your receipt away , lose the 15 or 20 bucks you spent on it . You 'll save a hundred trying to fix it.Things that have NOT worked today . Blue shampoo/conditioner . Went to Walmart tonight and got Brass Free Blondes . No change . -LRB- I had used it a couple of years ago when water softener was out and was happy with the results . -RRB- I thought for sure it would work . Still bright maroon in my bangs and bright burnt orange streaked all over and dark yellow/brassy/orange everywhere else . It is that bad truly.I left it on almost 24 hours . I mean , if it did n't ruin your color , I would have given it probably 5 stars for being so affordable and do it yourself , hair is staying straight through all this washing and I have thick hair , but turning someone into Bozo the clown , no , thank you . Party tomorrow , maybe I can say I 'm dressing up early for Halloween , Pippi Longstocking and I are BFFs because we definitely have matching hair.Update
 Got this from Ulta . . did everything as directed . . Have done the keratin treatments before at the salon and home myself , but could not put up with the 3 day sticky feel and no wash thing , so I figured this is better cause I saw a worker who had the ` keratin 24 hour blow out ' it relaxes the hair a bit and gives a nice shine , and the hair is bouncy and clean right after the treatment . . so I washed my hair and used 1/3 of the bottle , on my long but thin hair . . and as I was ironing it I could see that my hair was so glued together it was like I have n't washed it in a month . . disgusting . . the product smells nice , no irritation or fumes . . almost no fumes at all . . waited the 48 hrs and I just washed it right before this review . . Did I see any difference ?? absolutely NOTHING . . the new hair growth soft curls I had are still there , the frizz too , and the same time and effort needed to style my hair too . . no change . . so I had that goo on my head for 2 days and looked like a filthy bum for NOTHING !! DO N'T bother . . I like their other products esp . the keratin serum and shampoo . . but this product is a waste . .
 I am caucasian with wavy to curly dark blonde hair , professionally highlighted to a lighter blonde.I bought this as an impulse item since I sometimes straighten my hair and get lots of compliments when I do . I followed the directions exactly , though I disliked the idea of using the shampoo included in the kit because I have n't used shampoo in more than a year . I only use conditioner to cleanse my hair -LRB- I used Wen for a while , but stopped due to the cost -RRB- so my hair is already smooth and in good condition , but I want it straight.As others stated , I was confused about how much of the product would `` oversaturate '' my hair , and I probably used too much -LRB- though I think I still have half the bottle left -RRB- . My hair was still frizzy looking after blowdrying , and felt sticky . I started with my bangs for the flat iron phase , and was shocked when the first pass of the iron left my blonde hair orange !! Additionally , there was a horrible smelling smoke with every pass of the iron . I suppose I should have stopped and washed it out at that point , but I wanted to finish since I had gotten that far . So , my bangs and other areas of my hair that had been bleached blonde ended up orange-looking . The smell was awful , and stayed on my hair the entire 48 hours . I did n't get my hair wet during the two days , but with sweating and sleeping on it , my hair did tend to curl ... so I ended up going over it with the flat iron 1-2 times a day . Each time there was more smoke and stench . My hair looked awful and greasy for two days ! There was also a waxy substance collecting on my comb -- LOTS of it ! I had to scrub it off the comb several times.After the 48 hours , I was never so glad to wash my hair . I used Organix Brazillian Keratin Conditioner to cleanse my hair . After washing , my hair curled up as usual . It is NO straighter than it was before I used the treatment !! It is soft , smooth and frizz-free , but still curly . The orange color is lessened , but still there . In my opinion this product is not worth the time or expense . I 'm not sure if it did any permanent damage , other than changing the color of my hair . I would strongly caution against using it if you bleach your hair blonde . I 'm glad it has worked for others , but it did n't work for me .
 I have had several salon keratin treatments and have been thrilled with the results . I saw this product claiming to be all natural and safe for color treated hair . It even says on the box that the treatment protects hair from the flat ironing portion of the treatment and encourages you to go over each 2 '' section 7-10 times . I 'm pretty sure this not only fried my ends but also turned my hair ORANGE . I 'm very thankful I stopped as soon as I noticed my hair was turning color and immediately washed the product out , so only a small section of my hair was affected . I have an emergency hair appointment with my stylist today and will be calling the company tomorrow to file a complaint . I WOULD NOT ADVISE USING THIS PRODUCT . I used to buy a lot of Organix products but not ever again !
 I purchased this product with high hopes . I am white , but with very fine , very curly hair . Its healthy as I do n't heat style or color it much , but with the summer months upon us , I wanted something that would leave me with less frizz and curl than I 'm used to . I bought this and a straightener -LRB- because it recommends that you have one that can get up into the 400s -RRB- . I had read many reviews and plenty of women have had good luck , So I was sure that I would too . I followed the directions to a `` T '' . Did all of the process very methodically , even airing out my bedroom even though I did n't smell any bad fumes during the entire process -LRB- hmm , maybe this should have tipped me off that something was amiss -RRB- . My hair came out nice and straight after I blow dried and flat ironed it . I waited the prescribed number of hours/days to wash . On the `` big day '' I was So eager to wash it out and style it . Boy , was I disappointed . As soon as I washed it , I could see the curls coming back -LRB- and yes , I did use the sulfate free/no paraben , animal by products , etc etc shampoo and conditioner . -RRB- When I got out of the shower and it was Still Wet - it was Hella curly . As it dried , it just got worse . It smelled good , but looked the same as always -LRB- heelloooo chia pet again -RRB- . Most have complained that it lightens the hair ; I did not see this at all , but I do n't put much color in mine , either . I waited another day or two then tried to blow dry it to see if I could get better results - no such luck . It took just as long to dry and was n't any healthier , straighter or more manageable than without it.I ended up returning the product with a heavy heart , and lots of disappointment.Since then , I have had several Keratin treatments from a salon , they they work perfectly ! I guess my hair is just too tough for OTC stuff . : - -LRB-
 So a little background about my hair ... I have thin , fine , hair that turned SUPER curly when I was in middle school . From straightening it 90 % of the time , and getting a dye job in high school -LRB- which was horrible -RRB- The curl loosened and I was able to blow dry and straighten pretty quickly . That is , after allowing my hair to dry 80 % first . I 'm 25 now , so I 've got my hair procedure down to a science.I am usually drawn to organix products because the smell is always amazing , especially the coconut line . I never got a relaxer or keratin treatment in a salon because I was too afraid it would permanently damage my hair . I saw this product and figured for $ 16 , I 'll give it a shot . I was skeptical because I had done an at-home straightening treatment once before and it did absolutely nothing.I know others have complained about the smell , but I actually liked it . I 'm a sucker for anything remotely close to a coconut smell . My hair is a few inches past shoulder length , still thin , but also still curly , especially when I put mousse in it . My hair is also frizzy , which is the bane of my existence because I would LOVE to be able to wash and go , only using a frizz serum or moroccanoil , but there 's just too much frizz.I followed the instructions , hoping I did n't oversaturate . I probably did , because I used half the bottle , but I figured better safe than sorry . It took FOREVER to blow dry , and that was on the hottest setting . My mom was worried I would burn my hair off . It was extremely waxy , like I left too much conditioner in my hair or used too much product . It was annoying , kept getting knotty , and I was continuously brushing it for the full 48 hours to get the knots out.However , my straightener did get it stick straight , and it stayed straight for the required 48 hours . I have blonde highlights in the front of my very dark brown hair , just framing my face . I did n't notice any change in color on either shades , but I have only washed it once . I did not use the organix shampoo and conditioner because they do n't particularly clean my hair or condition it very well , so perhaps that is why this product did n't work on me . My hair is maybe softer and slightly less frizzy , but it 's just as curly as it was before.I still have half the bottle left , so I 'll probably use it a week before I go on vacation to the beach , and use the shampoo and conditioner after to see if there 's a significant difference . Overall , I have no complaints , other than the fact that it just did n't work .
 Not impressed with this product -LRB- which i purchased at a grocery store for $ 7 -RRB- . I have very dry naturally curly hair just below shoulders and used about one and a half pumps , mostly on my ends and about halfway up my hair . The first day it seemed to make my hair look and feel softer but that is about all . The next day there was no noticeable benefit leftover so i applied a bit more . My hair is the thick kind that you have to wet it down every morning and apply some sort of detangler or conditioner just to get a comb through without snapping and breaking strands too much.It did not seem to benefit me much and did nothing for my curls . I did not use too much because i did not want to be left with greasy , flat hair . I will say though that it is a nice , light oil that does not leave the hair greasy or weigh it down -LRB- when used in moderation at least -RRB- . Perhaps this item is better for straight hair gals . It 's just not for me . I will be trying some other product that will help me hydrate and detangle my hair better while also defining my curls ...
 I have very fine hair but it has some wave in it . Unfortunately , I have to spend a lot of time trying to make it look less frizzy if I chose to leave it wavy . Otherwise , I blow dry and straighten with a flat iron . So , when I saw this product I thought I would give it a try rather then spend a couple of hundred dollars at the salon.This was a waste of my time and money . The only time my hair was straight was the 48 hours that I left the treatment on the hair . Once , I washed my hair -LRB- I did use the Organix Keratin shampoo and conditioner -RRB- it was as if I had n't use the keratin therapy product at all . My hair was the same as it was before with the exception of the color . It definitely lightened my brown hair.I followed the directions step by step but did not get the results I was hoping for . Save your money and go to a salon if you want straight , frizz free hair .
 I had such high hopes for this product ... I have brown , wavy hair . This product did NOTHING . What a waste of time and money !!!!!
 I decided to wait about a month after using this product to review it . I am black with type 4 hair so very kinky and coily with a lot of shrinkage . I used the product on my hair and was at first pleased with the results . It loosened my curls a lot and it was easier to blow dry and flat iron . I made sure to keep my hair moisturized but it began to fall out . most of the hair on my edges and sides have broken off . The back of my hair is now very thin . The rest of my hair is also thinning out . If you have weak or thin hair I would suggest thinking twice before using this product .
 Yes , my hair is silky from this , but it is also ORANGE !!! I have very light blonde hair , and unfortunately I bought it at a drug store so I did not see any reviews online before using it . I looked over the box and packets inside and it does not say anything about discoloration , nor does their website , in fact it says `` recommended for all hair types including highlighted , colortreated , etc etc '' Which , highlights are usually blonde right ?? Well after a couple hours of this being in my hair was ORANGE !!!! I washed it out early because I was freaking out and it is still orange . They need to put out a warning
 I was excited to use this , hoping I 'd finally get rid of some of my hair 's `` poof '' . I suffered through 2 days of greasy , nasty hair , did n't leave the house , and had to hear my husband tell me over and over how bad my head smelled -LRB- which , honestly , it was n't THAT bad ... -RRB- . Longest 2 days of my life . Finally washed it , dried it , and ... . nothing . It looks the exact same as always . I did notice that it does n't really tangle at all now though , so for that , I gave it 2 stars . I know I have stubborn hair , so maybe this would work better for others . I was not impressed and will not be trying it again.For those who want results , I highly recommend `` Africa 's Best '' relaxer . It 's for AA hair , and I 'm white as a cracker ... . but that stuff works wonders to get your hair straight and smooth . While it does n't eliminate my `` poof '' , it definitely does help . Most importantly , it gets completely rid of those annoying kinks by my scalp that are hard to get out with the flat iron . It goes on like cement but you wash it right out and you 're done!EDIT
 I have shoulder length wavy/medium/frizzy hair . I used the product exactly as the directions said . No bad smells at all , not while applying , not while washing , I have no idea what the people who had odors were talking about.My hair was stick straight and practically plastered to my head for the 48 hours , but wearable for work . I was afraid it might come out too straight and thin looking ! Boy was I ever wrong . Washed my hair today expecting SOME sort of change ... NOTHING ! NADA . MY hair is EXACTLY the way it always was my entire life . Glad I only paid 9.00 and wasted two days .
 I have spent a small fortune on trying to straighten and calm my long thick curly hair -LRB- chi , yuko -RRB- . After reviewing the ingredients -LRB- no formaldyhyde -RRB- , I gave it a try . When blowing my hair dry with the solution on it , there is a terrible smell and almost `` smoke '' , so be sure you are in a well ventilated room . The smell is not like a harsh chemical more like burnt oatmeal -LRB- that my best description -RRB- . My hair continued to smell that way even after several shampoo 's with the recommended shampoo and conditioner . My hair was easier to manage , and soft , but not worth it . Whatever that smell is it ca n't be good for you , I think I stick with olive oil and other natural ingredients .
 I followed the directions but still had trouble preventing skin contact of product on my ears when sleeping . Ears started to burn and turn red after I woke up in the am and persisted despite careful washing of ears alone . When time to wash out the product I let my hair air dry and found only MINIMAL decrease in frizz and only MINIMAL decrease in curls -LRB- I have thick , curly/wavy , frizzy , dry hair -RRB- . Ended up with a chemical burn to my ears that still hurts despite copious amounts of aloe vera applications . Also had to straighten my hair still to get rid of the frizz but it took 2x longer to get rid of the frizz and straighten my hair . Wont do it again , hope this helps others . Def . dont recommend this product . Wasted 2 days , got almost no results , ended up with chemical burn to ears -LRB- hope I do n't get cancer -RRB- : -LRB-
 Long story short , followed directions a `` T. '' Did n't do anything ! Contacted customer services via email , they sent me a copy of the directions . HUGE WASTE !
 One of my friends used a keratin treatment and it worked wonders for her . I decided to try one too and settled on this brand . After two miserable days of not showering while frantically keeping my hair straight , I was left with the same frizzy , wavy hair I started with.Boo .
 I decided to try this product , even afer reading so many negative reviews and , unfortunately , feel I must add a negative one of my own . A lot of the complaints were about smell . I did not experience a strong odor from the poduct , but it did smoke during the drying process . This process is pretty time consuming . First you wash with the enclosed shampoo , I washed twice as directed as I have very curly , frizzy hair . I put the product on my towel dried hair , careful not to oversaturate , and left on for the required 30 minutes . I then dried and straightened my hair , not washing out the product . I did n't get it wet or tuck behind my ears or use any scunchies , rubber bands or barretts for 48 hours . I even straightened my hair at least 4 more times during the 48 hours . My hair felt slightly waxy and not as flexible as usual , but it was n't that big of a deal . I washed after 64 hours with the HIGHLY RECOMMENDED soduium and sulfate free shampoo . What happened ? Nothing . Absolutely nothing . I did experience a slight lightening of my hair color , which is naturally medium brown , but other than that , I still have curly , frizzy hair even after the 66 hours total it took for me to complete the process of this product . Even at the $ 30 price tag for the treatment and the shampoo/conditioner , I can say that has been $ 30 wasted for me . It obviously worked for some people based on the reviews , but it did n't do a thing for me expcept waste my time and money .
 I have virgin , fine , straight , blonde hair that over the past few years has started growing dark curly hairs that frizz out . The product was very easy to use . It has a strong smell , but not a bed smell . I also must say that there was no way I was going to set my flat iron at 450 . That 's ridiculous ! But also may be why it did n't work for me . I also only used a little less than half of the shampoo and keratin treatment . My hair looked amazing the first day though ! Just washed it and air dried it , and poof ! Frizz ! It is shinier and feels a bit softer , but it did nothing for my frizz . If I do decide to do it again , I will use more product and set my iron a bit higher , but I do n't think it would make a difference .
 I have very healthy , long , wavy hair . I just wanted to spruce it up a bit and not have to blow dry it as often , so I decided to try this.After finishing , my hair was pin straight , silky and smooth . It was like a dream , and I got so many compliments . Only after a week did my HAIR START FALLING OUT . I found long strands from the roots on my pillow , in my shower drain . This has NEVER happened to me before.I definitely will not use it again
 I have very dry/damaged hair and this worked well used approximately 4 times a week for 3-4 weeks , but now my hair seems to be drier than it was before I started using it . I ca n't think of an explanation as to why this is -LRB- insight/comments are welcome -RRB- . Additionally - as the 30 day treatment reviews mention - the serum also affects colored hair . This majorly fades color - brunette , red , toned blonde , over time . I believe oil is known to fade color , but if so , this should be clearly stated somewhere on the packaging - that it is not recommended for color treated hair . An anti-breakage serum , I assume , would contain ingredients to combat color-damaging properties from the added oil . Eh ? I dunno . Anyway , I would imagine it is probably OK as a pre-flat iron serum for normal hair that is not color treated , and does not require deep conditioning on a regular basis . My hair has never been so dry for so long as it is now , again , after using this product several times a week for several weeks in a row . The only pro is that it does smell amazing . Obviously not worth it , though . What a strange product .
 Just a quick review ... I have had a Brazilian Keratin treatment done on my hair about two years ago with great success . I have light brown hair with blond highlights and my hair is pretty stick straight . Treatment lasted about four months . With regards to the Organix product , it does take a while to apply , and if the directions are followed , does turn out similar to a Brazilian Keratin treatment . The downside is I washed my hair two days later with sulfite free shampoo , and my hair was a frizzy mess . I did n't use the remainder of the treatment as its just too time consuming for something that only lasts a day or two . My advice , save the money and get a real Brazilian Keratin treatment from a qualified stylist . Ask to speak to some of their clients and make sure they do good work . Good luck .
 It did not discolor my blonde but ... it didnt work . As a matter of fact I purchased two boxes and applied two different times . I followed directions to the T and the day I was the product out , both times , my hair went back into the kinky , wavy , fried blonde it had been originally . Wasted four days of my life with ugly oily hair matted down on my head for nothing
 I have gotten the salon Brazilian treatments and decided to try this at home process . Unfortunately , the product did not work for me . My hair is wavy , not curly , but has some frizz . I did n't take any shortcuts and spent a lot of time using the rinse , putting the solution in , drying , and then flat ironing small pieces of my hair . Leaving the product in for 2 days was a waste of time . There was no to very little difference in my hair compared to the salon treatment I have received with amazing results .
 I 've been giving myself Brazilian Keratin Treatments every few months for the past few years . I purchased a professional grade bottle of it and I 've loved it and the results . The reason why I purchased this product , was because the professional stuff I 've been using is very expensive -LRB- nearly $ 300 -RRB- and has formaldehyde in it . Excited to find an inexpensive formaldehyde free product , I purchased this . Plus I 've been very happy with all of the other Organiz products I 've used . I followed the directions exactly , except I left it in more than the 48 hrs required . During the time after I applied the product and before I washed it out , it was extremely greasy and stinky . I have and used all of the Organix sulfate free shampoos and conditioners and products and my hair is still pretty frizzy and definitely not straight . It is soft , but it usually is after using the Organix shampoo and conditioner , which I absolutely love . Oh and also , this product smells really bad . Much worse than the formaldehyde stuff I 've been using . If you can afford it , I would recommend the Global Keratin Treatment . The results are much better , last longer , and smell way better , without the greasy texture .
 I have curly long hair so i was excited to try this product . I love the shampoos and conditioners . It made my hair extremely greasy and left a weird odor . I cant put my finger on the odor but its annoying and gross smelling . I followed directions and i do n't see a difference . Highly disappointed !
 This is the second time I have tried to use this product . The first time I did everything according to directions but then did n't have the right kind of shampoo on hand when it was time to wash it out . I figured that was probably the reason why it went back to being curly , gave the product the benefit of the doubt , and tried it again about two months later . This time I used Loreal 's Eversleek Sodium & Sulfate free shampoo + conditioner.Here is a pic of my hair after applying the treatment according to directions , leaving it in for exactly 48 hours , washing it out with a sodium - and sulfate-free shampoo/conditioner , and then letting it air dry :[ ... -RSB- You tell me if I have 95 % less curl . -LRB- Hint
 As a beauty and fashion professional , and I was totally disappointed with this product . I followed the directions closely . My hair got straight after applying the treatment and flat iron . It stayed sort of straight during the 2 or 3 days i was supposed to leave . But when I washed it out , regardless of how much i flat ironed it , it did n't stay straight for more than a day . If I have a busy day , i had to flat iron my hair 2 times a day.My advice , spend the money , DO YOUR RESEARCH and buy a better product .
 Well let me start off with my hair type . It is fine , oily , wavy , and frizzy . I can usually flat iron it in the winter and it maintains a nice appearance , but the himidity kills it . I decided to try this and see what happens.It was time consuming , but easy enough to put on . The smell was n't pleasant though it was n't too bad . When I was done though my hair felt absolutely disgusting . My first thought was I have to leave this in for how long ?! It felt like I I had taken crisco and soaked my hair with it . It looked as if I had not washed it in weeks . Though I thought I will muddle through it for hopefully a month of glorious hair . hmm yeah . I put a towel over my pillow case as I did n't want to get it all gross . This stuff is greasy and gross . The next day I was combing it out and alot of hair seemed to be coming out , though I was not too worried . It would work right !? The worst part through all of it is you can put your hair up . The greasy hair against my neck and face was disgusting . After 36 hours I could take it no longer . I used the organix shampoo and conditioner . After my hair felt limp , dry , and brittle.Don ' t use this !!! My hair was falling out like crazy for about a month . Also I have oily hair and this really dried my hair out . Felt terrible .
 This product simply does not work.I followed the instructions meticulously , which took at least 3 hours from start to finish . I used the highest setting on my hair straightener . I went over every strand at least 7 times . I did not wash my hair for more than the 48 recommended hours in order to let the product work its magic . I even did touch-up straightening during the 48 hour window in order to make sure my hair remained stick-straight . When I washed my hair - TADA ! - it was back to exactly the same texture it was before
 This product was a disaster . I would strongly recommend against using it , and would hope that it 's soon pulled from the shelves . -LRB- it 's THAT bad -RRB- . I tried a test strand earlier in the day - while it looked slightly darker , there was really no indication that it was going to completely ruin my hair!Immediately upon applying the second step my hair turned from a nice sunkissed blonde to a DARK coppery orange , almost the color of the bottle . I did n't worry too much about it and thought it would just rinse out after the waiting period . While using the straightening iron I noticed that my hair was starting to feel coarse , again I just assumed that would be better once I washed the product out . I went to sleep on the first night a little concerned but anxious to see the results . In the morning my hair was COMPLETELY fried ... . Chunks of hair were breaking off ! I quickly washed the product out and applied ample amounts of conditioner . It was no use , my hair was in the worse shape it 's EVER been in ... . The coppery orange color did not go away and the bottom 6 inches of my hair was FRIED . Crispy , crimpy , unrepairable , FRIED . According to my stylist , cutting off the bottom 5-6 inches was the only option!I know some of the commenters have had similar results , while others have had great results . It 's NOT worth the risk ... trust me !! Luckily it 's just hair and it will grow back - but this could have been avoided .
 I wanted to try something to soften my tight curls so I tried this product . First off , the product is very smelly and leaves your straightened hair very flat . You have to walk around with this smell on your head for a couple of days . I used the product and just waited for it wear off so I can get my normal curls back . I felt like my curls were never the same afterwards . The curls became frizzy and dry and did n't respond well to moisturizers , my new curls started to grow in and the difference is noticeable . This product permanently ruined my precious curlsThis is the worst product ever !! It ruined my hair : -LRB-
 I have been very happy with the Organix products that I have tried , but found this one disappointing . The process is long and it did not last for 30 days on my hair.My hair looked great the day I did the treatment . The next day it was stiff and hard to style . You have to keep applying it after every wash for a smooth finish . I find that I can get the finish I am looking for with the Organix Brazian Anti Breakage product without the tedious application of the 30 day treatment .
 This serum is horrible . I had to wash my hair with Dawn dish detergent 3 times to get rid of all the grease and buildup it left behind . My hair looked unwashed and dirty after 1 use , and it would n't wash out with regular shampoo for over a week . Going in the trash !
 It doesnt state in the instuctions how much of the treatment you have to use , so i used the entire bottle and applied section by section . The blowdrying and flat ironing process took for ever !!!! AND my hair was so unbelievable greasy and stank so bad , that i didnt leave the house for the 48 hours -LRB- that 's how long the product has to stay in your hair -RRB- . I was so engrossed by the smell of my hair , it seriously made me hate my hair . The result of this is , that my hair is soft but not straight . It was a waste of money to me and not gon na do it ever again .
 I used the product today on my long light blonde hair -LRB- which has taken me forever to grow -RRB- and it turned a yellowish/orange color . I do NOT recommend this product to anyone . It smells absolutely horrible and feels super greasy . There is no warning in the directions regarding blondes .
 I have light brown hair with -LRB- professionally-colored -RRB- platinum blonde highlights . I followed the directions and used a 450 flat iron . After the third pass with the flat iron , on my very first section of hair , I thought that I noticed a slight darkening in my highlights . Cautiously , I pulled it through a fourth time and , too my horror , the blonde sections transitioned into a deep , dull shade of reddish-orange . Even the process of blowing it out under a hot dryer has fully destroyed my color . In the sunlight , I can now see that all of my highlights have become very yellow and brassy . If my hairdresser is unable to fix it , I am afraid that I will have to cut a good portion of it.Bottom line -- there is no shortcut . Pay the money to have it done professionally or be prepared to spend the equivalent in repairs/restoration .
 DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT IT WILL TURN YOUR HAIR ORANGE AND HAIR IS DESTROYED NEVER FEELS RIGHT AGAIN > IT TURNS YOUR HAIR TO MUSH ; LEAVE IT TO A PROFESSIONAL THIS PRODUCT DISGUSTING >
 Terrible . In all fairness , I should say that my hair does pretty much dry straight after using this product , BUT I have remnants of the Coppola Keratin Complex professional keratin treatment still in my hair , so this product likely just smoothed out the bit of curl that was coming back . First of all , this stuff is uber thick and slimy and it smells awful . It kind of smells like some type of herbs and stuff , but not in a pleasant way . It has been over a week and several washes , and my hair still smells like some kind of heavily seasoned food when I blow dry it ... icky . It left a nasty residue on my scalp that eventually started peeling and flaking off like the scalp does after it has been sunburned , and my most diligent washing and scrubbing efforts did not wash this residue away . I suppose if I had never used the Coppola Keratin Complex system , I might think this product was good but it was definitely not worth the $ 100 savings . Just buy the professional stuff and do it at home ! I am only giving it 2 stars because again , it did remove the bit of curl I was starting get back as the Coppola system wore off .
 The product description omits a critical piece of information
 I ordered this item back on OCT. 30 for 24.04 and 5.39 in shipping and it carried a 3-5 week lead time . I just received an email that my order was cancelled and that I can re-order the item for $ 33 and $ 14 shipping and its available now . Are you kidding me ???? Only in America .
 Have not received product as yet so I 'm still waiting therefore I can not give any review.Will do at a later time ok
 I have been waiting FOUR months after taking this product and it does not work . Do not waste your money and try something else . It does have severe side effect .
 I tired the product per direction on package label , but did not notice major difference ; still felt hungry and at a lot .
 I chose this rating because I never received the product . They were out of the product . I received a message that they were out and then I received a message it had been shipped . They I received a message the order was cancelled . Very confusing to say the least . I would still like to try it ,
 This product does not work ! I used this on my trip to the french polynesia and i got > 15 mosquito bites !!! My husband used expired Off repellent -LRB- with DEET im guessing -RRB- and he ended up with less mosquito bites than me !
 If you 're buying this for it 's sunscreen protection , go right ahead . It works great for that ! But if you think it will keep mosquitoes off of your skin , get something with Deet instead . I used this product for 8 days in the Spring in Kauai , Hawaii , and was seriously bitten by mosquitoes each day . I 'd say I had between 3 - 8 bites a day , and some within just an hour after applying liberal amounts of this stuff all over me , even right where I was bitten .
 I read where a lot of people talk about this product keeping mosquito 's off them , but here in the south it did not work for us . I covered my daughter and myself in it before going outside to let her play on her swing set , within a matter of 10 minutes we both got covered in bites anywhere that skin was exposed even though I had covered those areas with this product . My review is that this product does not work for us at all . I need the products with DEET .
 Although the SPF number on this product sounds impressive , it only refers to the UVB protection . There are absolutely NO UVA-protecting active ingredients in this sunscreen . Being that the UVA rays are the more deeply penetrating ones proven by research to cause cancer and the signs of aging , using this sunscreen could leave you completely unprotected and completely wrinkled . Who cares if it wards off mosquitos and smells like a ` gentle breeze ' if it wo n't even protect you from sun damage ! If you 're going to go to the trouble of applying sunscreen , you might as well get broad spectrum protection . Skip this one in favor of a sunscreen with one of the following broad-spectrum -LRB- UVA and UVB -RRB- protecting ingredients of titanium or zinc oxide , avobenzone , Parsol 1789 , or butyl methoxydibenzoylmethane .
 This product is a waste of your money . I took the pills as directed for a month and saw no weight loss whatsoever . Actually , I gained weight while I was taking TrimSpa !
 The one in the picture and the one in the box are definitely NOT the same . Similar sure . But the one in the picture looks to have a nice snug fit . The one in the box slides downward with just normal walking . And looking at the one on my knee and the one in the picture I can see some very obvious differences : The one in the picture has an overlapping bottom strap . The one in the box does not.The one in the picture has a top strip of velcro that has two rings of stitching . The one in the box has a single ring of stitching.I followed their measuring instructions . I measured my knee at 15 1/2 inches . That 's a medium according to their chart . But maybe I should have gotten a small because I have to really pull this thing tight just to get it to stay in one place when I 'm not moving . As soon as I start moving though , down it slides.It also does not encase the patella . You can see in the picture that it comes close to the patella on the left side of the picture . But on the right side it swings out some . The one in the box does n't come as close on the close side , and on the other side it ` salmost to the back of the knee . Way too large.Also the velcro on the top strap is way too long on the upper flap , and way too short on the lower one so you end up with about two inches of contact with three inches of loose velcro hanging around scratching your knee when you walk . Then because it does n't have enough contact , the velcro slides loose . This thing is a prime example of what happens when accountants get hold of the engineers design . They go cheap and then the product does n't work.I was going to send it back , but then I read Balego 's return policy . Once the package is opened , they wo n't accept returns . Of course to try it on you have to open the package . And to return it you have to just send it back to them and then it 's at their discretion . Note that the other reviewer sent his back , and had heard nothing since . Read the Return Policy before ordering from this company .
 I had to return this product because it was too large . I still have n'tseen the replacement yet .
 So i used this product for the first time in about 2 years and it didnt do no wonders . The wax strips are so damn thin that when you put the wax on the area and then put the strip on its all over your damn hands . You would think they would supply all the stuff for it . I never had a problem with gigi waxer until today and I am very disappointed . I have thick hairs on my eyebrows -LRB- which i used the product for -RRB- and it didnt take anything off . I used this also in cosemetology school and i never had a problem . !!!!!! My eyebrows hurt so much from trying to do this twice and im beyond pissed that I have to walk around with puffy eyebrows
 I have never used a waxing product before but purchased one for my daughter for her eyebrow . I tried it first to see how if it worked . There were no instructions at all but I did my best . I warmed the wax and tried it on the back of my hand . I proceeded to use the wax and apply the strips . It successfully removed some hair but I was in extreme pain and two days later am dealing with extremely red eyebrows , loss of skin , puffiness , swelling , oozing . It is so painful I ca n't touch the area and I ca n't sleep . What a horrible product . That goodness I did n't use it on my daughter .
 I was looking for a similar compound to Supreme Enzymes -LRB- `` SE '' -RRB- made by Chantilly Health in Florida . Based on the ad I thought I 'd found it . But it really does n't compare . The SE 's are the best . I do n't think that there is compliment to them out there . Chantilly Health 's web site is n't the best . So if you want them call !
 this product worked fairly well and had a good loud alarm for about 3 weeks . then my daughter started complaining of false alarms . sure enough , when she rolled over or changed position in the bed , the alarm would sound . we tried changing the battery and jury rigging the wires , but nothing has worked . additionally , the pad that sits between the legs is pretty large and my daughter hated wearing it . to connect the alarm to the shirt , you have to stick the receiver to a piece of velcro that has to be pinned to the shirt . very annoying . I 'm not impressed with the cheap construction .
 We had been using focus factor for about 3 months when I decided to give this a try since it had fairly good reviews . It did not work for my son . Within a few days it was very clear that focus factor was helping and this was doing nothing ... since I had stopped the focus factor to try this I quickly ordered another bottle of focus factor with the 2 day shipping . after 6 months we ran out of focus factor so I decided to give this another try . for over a week I crushed the pills and mixed with a drink or applesauce to try for better absorption . again it did nothing to help my son with his ADHD behaviors . and through the trial I was back to pulling my hair out ! at least I know this does n't work for us and we will not try it again . now i am on auto shipping for focus factor ! Anything is worth the trial when a parent is looking for help .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called &#34; natural &#34; company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source &#34; naturals &#34; think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states &#34; made in the USA &#34; which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 The company that made these tablets decided to make them smaller . However , with the change of the size , the taste just turns into bitter and sour . My son tried one and immediately spit out . I tried one and got a shudder in my spine . My son said , `` If they are making these tablets for kids , they should actually ask kids to sample them . '' I agree.As for the effect , I think it 's working . That 's why we would order again . However , the second bottle needs to be sent back immediately . I could not imagine eating them everyday . Let alone my son .
 tastes nasty , the kids hate it and it does not work for us . calmasaurus rex worked better and focus factor
 My son did n't like the taste or swallowing the pill . I did n't see any major improvement in his ability to focus and pay attention . He 's doing better without it .
 Before giving these vitamins to my picky son , my boyfriend and I decided to guinea pig ourselves . I GAGGED after chewing two tablets , my boyfriend screamed for water . So , I 'm not sure if the wafers are a better route to go . My son will not eat these . I 'm going to try and find a way to hide these in his food .
 Did not work at all whatsoever . Waste of money , heard really good reviews about this product tried it , and did n't even see the slightest difference . Would not recommend waste yime , money , nor efffort purchasing these .
 Source Naturals Attentive Child , 120 TabletsI was under the understanding that these tablets , FOR KIDS , were chewable . And , after reading review saying that the new smaller chewables were more sour than the older wafer styles , I ordered these - thinking that my little one likes sour flavors . Well , do not be confused , as I was !!! These CAN NOT be considered chewable ! The tast is absolutely vile . I love my child too much to force these on her . It would be child abuse , to say the least ! These are going straight into the trash . I will see about ordering another brand , or getting the old-style wafer that I mentioned earlier . DO NOT BUY THESE IF YOU WANT A CHEWABLE TABLET !
 This product I received was not correct on the Amazon web site it states that the Attentive Child kids love the sweet and tart taste ! '' And the ones that I was sent does not have the sweet and tart taste and they did not arrive in the same bottle that was displayed on the Amazon site . I have used and brought this same product in the past for my children and they have loved it . So I had to return the product it by mail . I was not happy at all !!! T.T.J
 I had high hopes for this product . My 9 yr old son is ADD . We have tried 2 other prescriptions with terrible side effects . We wanted to try something completely different this time . After 4 weeks , we nor the teacher noticed any improvement at all . While the ingredients may promote overall health , they did NOT improve his ability to pay attention .
 These chewable wafers are larger than I expected ... just a little smaller than the size of a quarter . My 10 year old daughter just could n't stand chewing them . We could n't get one down much less the recommended two . I am glad they work for others , just not us . For now we will just stick with our omega supplements , they seem to help her behavior and focus . We take the lemon lime Coromega and she loves the flavor .
 I bought this product because I thought it would help me with my goiter and my hypothyroid issue but unfortunately it did not help me at all ! I will not encourage anyone buying for thyroid or goiter problems .
 I look after someone who is incontinent . Although this product works effectively the strength of it give the person diaper rash .
 This product was painfully constipating and bothered my stomach . The doctor recommended this as it was supposed to be easy to absorb . I , however , did not absorb it and all and my hemoglobin went down while I was taking it , daily .
 How can you claim this is $ .82 per ounce when for 17 ounces the price is $ 39 ?? Math does n't add up . Price should be $ 13.94 if it 's $ .82 per ounce
 This is the biggest snake oil scam in history , the form of this iron is organic ??? loli used this and the tablet form of floradix the best way to increase iron is through proper iron tablets e.g. ferrous sulfatethis stuff is nothing more than an old wives tales ailment curing potion ... dont fall for the scam like i did . blood tests prove this does nothing after consistent useage ... the only reason this stuff ` works ' for pregnant women is because they use it after they had a baby and iron levels would rise anyways ... ask any genuine anemic person to use it ...
 I would not purchase this product again . The safety cap is ridiculously hard to open and kept me from even wanting to use this product . I take too many pills and was looking forward to not have to digest another capsule is why I purchased this in the first place . Opening it was such a challenge that it was impossible to use this product within 30 days of opening , the other issue I have with this . I did not see that recommendation before I bought this , otherwise I wouldnt have . If you have super dextrous fingers and another person in your family that might take this Iron with you , otherwise , the recommended dosage is impossible to complete within 30 days -LRB- and I take alot of iron ! -RRB-
 I could n't get over the horrible taste of this product . Really awful . Even closing my nose and drinking it down with full glass of water . It has a terrible after taste that made me want to gag . Kind of like rotten raisins left in a metallic container . I only used it a few times and the taste never got better . The rest is going to get dumped down the sink . If I had the choice , I would go with tablets over the elixir . I do n't know how anyone could think this was delicious .
 It arrived wet and soggy . There was nothing left in the bottle but a lot in the wrappings . I did not lick them , so I can not testify about the product .
 Gave me the worst stomach ache of my life ... I almost thought I had food poisoning . If you have a sensitive stomach at all I would not recommend this product .
 I had high hopes for this one . I read everyone 's reviews here and spoke with the local vitamin store manager about side effects , particularly constipation . Of course , I was assured that it does n't cause that at all.I 'm here to tell you , it has caused me the most horrible constipation issues , EVER . This might not happen for those less sensitive to iron supplements , but for your average sensitive person like me , it 's just awful!I do n't mind the taste at all , and I brush my teeth right after to prevent the `` blue stain '' everyone mentioned . I even reduced the dosage to once a day instead of the recommended 2 , to see if that help with the constipation issue . Nope ! And it takes DAYS to get over it . It does n't matter if this product even works to raise my iron levels - it 's not worth it at this very painful price to my digestive system !
 I 've been anemic almost all my life , and I feel like I 've tried everything out there . Recently , I heard about Floradix and thought I 'd give it a shot , and I wish I never had . I purchased an 8-ounce bottle at my local health food store for $ 25 , and even though that seemed steep , I figured it was a lot of product , so surely it 'd be worth it . Unfortunately , after doing the math , I figured out that the bottle is only about 3 weeks worth of daily doses , so it is really price-ineffective . However , some people swear by it , so I thought maybe it would still be worth the extra $ $ $ . It is not . Floradix did n't make me feel any less wan and lethargic , and on top of that , it gave me headaches . For me , the taste is SO disgusting that I gagged many of the times I took it and felt so ill I really thought I would puke it back up . Mixing it into OJ made it a little more bearable , but still dreadful . It tastes a bit like Jagermeister mixed with honey , but waaaaay sweeter . And it does stain your teeth -LRB- makes them seem a little translucent , too , if that makes sense , kind of frightening ! -RRB- . Finally , Floradix does n't even contain that much iron , and all the other things it has in it can be gotten easily from a multivitamin . I 'm glad it works well for some people , but they can keep it . I 'll stick to my blood-tasting iron pills .
 Tastes awful , and has a strong aftertaste . Worst yet , it still upset my stomach . I took it for two days , that 's all I could stand !
 This product does NOT work . It is 1800 's traveling salesmen peddling `` snake oil '' to cure your ailments . You will receive better results taking CHEAP supplements like Ensure , meats , poultry and basic vegetables which have been verified by physicians monitoring patients . This bottle is small and EXPENSIVE . A total rip off . Are you going to spend $ 2.13 / oz every day for snake oil ? Double that cost if you are conned into believing you need more ? It does n't work . There is NO documented FDA proof this works . Read the label 's disclaimer.It 's designed to make you believe a bunch of ground up vegetation from the German Black Forest will cure you of Anemia and other medical problems . See a doctor instead of taking this witch 's brew concoction . If your doctor recommends this stuff , they should have their license revoked.I have been rolling my eyes at all the staged written reviews of this product . The top rated reviews are NOT Amazon verified purchases . The stories are obvious phony reviews written by employees or paid reviewers of Salus Haus or the Amazon Marketplace sellers . I have found many health products on Amazon have faked reviews to increase the product reputation and thus sales . Normal people do not review products that sound like a radio commercial or infomercial . Be wary of reviews . While this product may have some authenticity to its health benefit as a psychological placebo , I always walk away when the stories sound like they were written by slick salesmen . Talk about overly written tv soap operas!Any woman who claims this works is a fraud and a liar . ABSOLUTELY NO PROOF IT WORKS . They believe what they want to believe .
 The product itself seems to be working but the cap is the worst ! Childproof caps have come along way but Floradix did n't seem to get the memo . I 've lost about a quarter of the bottle -LRB- and it 's not cheap stuff ! -RRB- due to spills either shaking the bottle and the cap not being on right or by trying to get the stupid cap off . It drives me crazy !!
 I experienced severe headaches upon waking in the morning while taking a liquid iron supplement , Floradix . It did appear to raise my iron levels for my restless leg syndrome was less bothersome , but at a price , The headaches would improve gradually after arising .
 This item arrived without the seat , but only the lid and the bucket with its lid . So sitting on it is pretty uncomfortable , but you do what you have to do ! After 48 hours , the dealer has not responded to an email requesting that the missing seat be sent . This is one of those post-surgery items that are a necessity and should arrive as early as possible and with all its parts . Otherwise , the product is okay . It 's more flimsy than most , but what can you reasonably expect for the low price ? It would not be suitable for a very heavy person .
 Looked for latex protection wipes , and thought I was getting the same product I had been using . -LRB- from the description provided -RRB- These showed up , and did not they did not offer the level of protection that I was accustom to .
 These plastic/vinyl pants are fair . They really didnt do a very good job at controlling leaks . They were smaller in dimensions than expected . The crotch width wasnt enough to cover even a very thin disposable diaper . And they didnt ride high enough in either the front or the back to be effective . I would not buy them again . i would probly order a pair of leakmasters .
 This stuff is over rated . The only thing that I like about this product . is the fragrance . It appears that this productwill go a long way , does n't take much . It dries out on your face very quickly . You have to keeping lathering with water , before you can finish shaving . If you use a straight razor , I highly DO NOT reccomend this product . It is a 5 starcontainer though ...
 I bought this product because of the great ratings it received on Amazon . My initial impression about the product was that it had a good consistency and lathered well with a badger brush . This product smells nothing like real sandalwood though , and the scent will last almost all day after shaving . In addition , when using this particular shave cream , it gave me a peculiar burning sensation which only got worse the longer it sat on my face . If you have SENSITIVE SKIN , DO NOT USE THIS !
 I love wet shaving , with an old-schoolMerkur Razor # 34C , a badger brush , and aftershave . The whole works . However , it does not need to be an expensive luxury , and a lot of the stuff for sale in this market is vastly overpriced . That is the case with this shaving cream . It is not appreciably different fromBarbasol Original , and it is 40 times more expensive . That `` sandalwood scent '' is great , but it 's exactly the same as in Barbasol . The cream itself is denser than what comes out of a can , so it may last slightly longer , but it 's a tough sell , and I very much doubt it will last 40 times as long . By all means , shave with a straight razor or DE safety , but do n't waste your money on this product .
 NOT PLEASED.First Off I Must Say I Really Liked The Strong Scent In The Soap And The Fine Way It Lathered.But Shaving itself was a ` Wretched and Miserable ' experience with this stuff.First of it left my face very dry and sore and secondly even after 3 passes with a Merker Adjustable Razor with a new blade I still had way too many hairs on my face.Now granted my beard is pretty tough so it takes a ` Good Product ' to shave me smooth so I evaluate my shave soaps by .1 . Scent and Softness .2 . ` HOW MUCH HAIR IS REMOVED PERIOD '' . Anyways i wound up having to re-lather with Proraso a product that works to get a smooth shave ... But to finish the shipper sent me the product quickly and the soap does have a pleasant scent.Otherwise I 'm not pleased so I guess this is my first negative review but maybe the soap was old , Its hard to say ? . Nuff SaidIndiana ED
 I bought this after going halfway through a tub of Poraso shaving cream , so I was comparing the two products.Other reviewers have complained about the scent , and if you do n't REALLY like the way that sandalwood soap smells , you need to stay away from this . The scent is very strong , but you 've got to remember that you 're brushing this right under your nose . The scent is pretty much washed down the drain when you rinse your face , and I think that 's a negative . I like the way sandalwood smells , and the whole point for me was to have a little of that linger on my face so I do n't have to wear cologne . No luck with that here.On the plus side , though , it does work up a great lather . The shaving cream is much softer than the Poraso , so the first shave , I really dug the brush deeply into the bowl and got way too much for one shave . That problem was quickly recognized . If you have any whiskers at all , all you need is a dab on your brush to get a rich lather.At the end of the day , I probably wo n't buy this one again , though . Just `` meh ''
 Triethanolamine has been associated with `` cancer , allergies/immunotoxicity , organ system toxicity -LRB- non-reproductive -RRB- , contamination concerns '' and gets a 5 out of 10 at the Skin Deep database for toxicity earning it a `` moderate toxicity '' tag . It is also a known skin irritant and contact allergen . Seems like something we should be working to ban from the face of earth , not smearing on our faces every morning.For a great cream -LRB- confirmed by squidoo.com -RRB- without the poison tryACCA KAPPA 1869 ALMOND SHAVING CREAM 6.7 FL . OZ . 200ML . Also , check out long time favoritesProraso Shave Soap , Sensitive , 150 Gram JarandJack Black Supreme Cream Triple Cushion Shave Lather -LRB- get the jar -RRB- .
 Although it lathers well , the scent is extremely strong , even using a very small amount . Even after a hot shower , the scent is overpowering . The ingredient list and front do n't say `` natural scent , '' so it 's probably a chemical compound , but I 'm not absolutely sure about that . I will probably throw this tub out ... Of course , the scent itself and its level are subjective judgments . I will probably never purchase this again , but might try some of Taylor of Old Bond Street 's other products as it did lather well.Other reviews have noticed the persistent after-shave level of scent . I can validate that.Way too much scent !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've been using Art of Shaving sandalwood scented cream for a year now . Decided to try something new and less expensive and followed the good reviews here on Amazon.First impression upon opening the container was , whoa ! Stinky stuff ! There is a pleasant sandalwood aroma hidden in there somewhere , but you have to endure the strong chemical smell that surrounds it . Other reviewers have said the scent is strong , but I was skeptical . They were n't exaggerating . Its overwhelming . I used to enjoy shaving with my safety razor , badger brush and Art of Shaving cream . The smell was subtle and pleasant . This stuff is offensive , and very unpleasant to shave with . I find myself avoiding shaving because of the noxious odor . Worse , the smell lingers on my face.I 'll give this cream a star for good lathering and another for value . But I ca n't go any further because of the offensive smell it gives off . Endured it for two weeks , now I 'm ordering Art of Shaving again .
 Pros : Lathers very well.Cons : I like sandalwood , but `` ashtray '' is the perfect descriptor for this smell . It 's really heinous . It 's a little better on your face after shaving , but not pleasant during.And for me personally , some ingredient causes an allergic reaction that makes the whole experience one of intense burning.If neither of those are an issue for you , this might be a decent product .
 This stuff has chemicals in it such as Methylchloroisothiazolinone and Methylisothiazolinone -LRB- try to pronounce those -RRB- , and a long list of other ones . It 's a lot of work just investigating these chemicals . The fragrance , shown on the container as &#34; parfum &#34; , is probably at least partially composed of chemicals too.Besides the chemicals , this stuff is much harder to use than regular Gillette or Barbasol foam in a can . I ca n't see where it 's worth it . I 'm probably going to just toss it out . The only objection I have to the Barbasol -LRB- or other similar canned shaving creams -RRB- is that they have sodium lauryl sulfate in them.The lather that you get with this Taylor of Old Bond Street shaving cream is insufficient , as far as I 'm concerned . The best I could get was a thin layer of lather on my face . I also noticed that the bathroom had the very strong odor of this shaving cream , even a day after I first tried using it . Again , I strongly suspect that the fragrance in this stuff is composed of chemicals.Save yourself the trouble and just buy cans of shaving cream . I can get cans of Barbasol shaving cream down the street at our local redneck supermarket for $ 1.00 . You 'll also be saving the cost of a shaving brush that way .
 this product has a cloying , overpowering smell that lasts all day -- and does n't smell at all like sandalwood . this product should come with a warning label .
 I have sensitive skin . Still I can use a barbasol or a gillette gel no issue . This stuff burned my face seriously . I had to wash it off in seconds and never used it again.If you ever have issues with skin irritation avoid this .
 WARNING
 I would n't buy this shaving cream online unless you have smelled it in the real world . . I 'm a later 20 's aged kind of guy , and in my opinion this shaving cream makes me think of bad after-shave . To be truthful , I 'm not sure if it works in the ` good shave ' aspect because I have n't gotten that far because it stinks . An old fashioned odor if you will . The same goes for the self titled aftershave .
 I got the product in good time and it was packaged well . I opened it to smell it -LRB- it smelled good to me -RRB- but it was n't creamy like shaving cream should be , it was solid .
 the product was n't in its original package , the cream was spilled obviously an opened product and not the same shaving cream as it used to be ...
 Unfortunately you should not order shave creams in the summer if you live in the south . When it arrived it was a mess and I sent it back . The vendor returned my money with an apology and I mentioned to him that it was poorly packed .
 Sandalwood happens to be my most favorite smell in the natural world . I have bottles of sandalwood essential oil lying around , powdered sandalwood barks , and other sandalwood products . Suffice to say - I know what sandalwood smells like . This is not sandalwood , nor is it remotely close or similar to anything in any way resembling actual sandalwood . What it smells like is a cheap , musky knock off of old spice . It smells like my grandpa . Maybe in 32 years when I 'm rounding my 60th birthday and could n't care less about how I smelled I 'll reconsider it , but until then , I 've returned this item .
 I am a big fan of Taylor of Old Bond Street Almond shave cream so I was excited to try the sandalwood . Unfortunately , I experienced a terrible burning sensation on my face after the lather had been on for ~ 30 seconds -LRB- and only got worse the longer it was on -RRB- . This product lathered well and gave a decent shave but the burning was a deal-breaker .
 Yes , we 're addicted to these mints in our home , as are our friends who always want some of ours . But - $ 5 a tin for something under $ 2 in the store ? Sorry - I 'll make the 20 minute drive to a store I know I can get them .
 Plain & Simple - these do NOT stick !!! Tried several different sizes of this brand of bandages thinking I would `` save money '' compared to Johnson & Johnson . NOPE ! Based on reviews from one of the sizes and had high hopes . NONE of the different sizes stick very well , nor do they last -LRB- fray easily as well ... . but then , they do n't stay on long enough to really know that way -RRB- . The bottom line is that these actually cost MORE compared to J&J ; 's if you need a bandaid that sticks longer than about a couple of hours . No , I do not have any interest in J&J ; , no stock , etc!Sorry , this is just the truth on this brand 's products !
 These plastic/vinyl pants are fair . They really didnt do a very good job at controlling leaks . They were smaller in dimensions than expected . The crotch width wasnt enough to cover even a very thin disposable diaper . And they didnt ride high enough in either the front or the back to be effective . I would not buy them again . i would probly order a pair of leakmasters .
 Avoid this product , it is totally useless and is not worth 1 dollar . They are way too big and very uncomfortable .
 The product description for this grab bar does n't include important specifications such as bar diameter and flange diameter . I was a little surprised to find the bar diameter was maybe 1 '' and flange diameter 2 '' . Also the bar did n't exactly match the photo on Amazon and was even somewhat different from the photo on the box . Needless to say I returned this product minus a hefty restocking fee and additional shipping .
 We have had 2 of these BD Rapid -LRB- not flex -RRB- thermometers in the last few years . We threw the first one out over a year ago because the temperature consistently read far too low , rarely getting above 97.2 for either my husband or myself . Recently we purchased another BD Rapid thermometer without realizing it was the same one we had tried before . We decided to go ahead and try it again , but this thermometer was the same , never showing a temperature above 97.4 . I compared the BD to the reading I had in the doctor 's office today and it was a full 1.5 degrees too low . I can not recommend these thermometers .
 I bought this thermometer because I wanted a faster one with big numbers and night light . Those features are okay , however the readings are NOT accurate.I have been tracking my basal temp for over a year and it 's never been in the low 90 's range as it showed . So I compared it to my old Walgreens digital thermometer and the old fashioned mercury BD . Then repeated twice . Well , the temps in these 2 matched while the one in the digital BD did not.I went back to the pharmacy and exchanged it - maybe it was defective . The same thing happened . This thermometer is not reliable at all .
 This thermometer does not work . It comes in 1 full degree lower than the actual temperature -LRB- F -RRB- -LRB- measured with another digital BD thermometer -RRB- . Nine seconds is obviously not long enough to get an accurate reading . Got it because it did n't beep continuously but it still has 3 long beeps to notify you when it is complete - and then the number is totally off . Do not buy .
 This thermometer is completely inaccurate pretty much every time . I did n't know that when I started measuring my temperature every morning for my fertility charting and worried myself sick why on earth my temperature jumped all over the place , from 96.5 to 98 . But then I read various reviews on Amazon and decided to go with the following beautiful and reliable machine
 This BD Rapid Digital Thermometer is very inaccurate -LRB- 3 degrees F -RRB- and does not measure a temperature in 8 seconds as advertized . I threw it away because it caused undue concern when I first used it .
 I have a real problem with this brand . They do not disclose adequate information to allow you , or your vet , to determine if there products are safe and effective . Until they do , I would avoid them like the plague . There are plenty of competing products on Amazon who are forthright with their information , and I would only consider them until this situation is corrected . If you do not know how much , or how little , of each substance you are giving your pet , you are playing Russian Roulette with their lives and their health .
 The bullet is not a product of KY. . It was not packaged in the box . Actually it is not packaged under any name at all , it is a cheap item that did not work at all . I was able to get a full refund from the company .
 I found the quality of these items to be less than anticipated . I was also unhappy to see that the package arrived ripped and the individual items were not in sealed packages . It was as though they were not new . I was very unhappy as this was a gift .
 The wax warmer works well and heats the wax up to a decent temperature . Unfortunately , the wax can get everywhere and it gets very sticky and messy . I have found that baby oil and warm water can remove the wax but , for convenience , it would be much easier to just use cold wax .
 I was quite excited about this product when I read the reviews . However , when I got it and opened the wax , it got stuck all over my fingers . There were no instructions in regards to handling the wax or how to clean it . I was able to get rid of most using a baby oil however I felt stickiness on my fingers for the next couple of days . I decided not to use it and return , but the company refuses to take it back .
 I HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT IT WAS SUPOUSED TO BE HERE WITHIN TWO DAYS , AFTER I CLICKED PLACE ORDER IT SAYS 5 DAYS ... 5 DAYS ?????????????????????????????? IM WAITING ... . WAN NA KNOW WHAT HAPPEN WITHIN THOS `` 2 '' , SORRY `` 5 '' DAYS !!!
 Completely useless product . Wobbles and there is no adjustment for the leg shape/size . Instead , buy velcro type ASO ankle stabilizer WITH stays .
 it fell apart after a few uses , I have tried to contact evs about returning it/warranty/guarantee but they have not contacted me . my comments about the neoprene stretching are similar to a previous reviewers .
 The product seemed to have the qualities requested , but after only 3 weeks of usage , it started tearing apart . Crappy material . Nice design , but made with material that does not last very long . Especially for the price we paid.Would not recommend this product for more than a few times of usage .
 The product I received A -RRB- came in an obviously used and opened brand-name package -LRB- i.e. , the package it might originally come in and obviously opened at least once prior to my receipt of said package ... -RRB- while it was purchased as new , B -RRB- was -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- obviously used itself !!! -- all seems and corners woven into the neoprene fabric around the biceps , anterior and posterior aspects of the shoulder , were OBVIOUSLY WORN AND STRETCHED OUT ! , and C -RRB- the shoulder brace which you see in the upper right corner of the screen with the large , criss-crossed velcro straps for optimal immobilization in no way resembles the pathetic piece I received which had a small neoprene Y-shaped strap -LRB- all very sleekly and sexily designed , but utterly worthless and insufficient for the job , and also worn and stretched out -RRB- that was supposed to meekly perform the job which those giant straps of velcro , above and to the right , should have done . In short , the product I received was significantly different than advertised . Had the advertisement been accurate regarding what I would eventually be receiving , I never would have purchased the thing .
 I get this pill crusher and use it twice , and the top cracks in half ... . I do n't know if it was just my unit or what , but I think it 's poorly made .
 this product sucks , you need to have a very strong hand to twist and crush the pills . I have to have my husband crush them for me its just a really bad product
 What a waste of 7 - $ 8 because this thing has little teeth but looks just like old one that used to be $ 5 . So they added something to make it useless to make poweder from pills , then upped the price on thir garbage . Look carefully at the product I wouold even go into the store and take them out of the package to make sure they are n't stopped with teeth that supposidly `` obliderate pills '' well what are all these chunks ????
 I 've been using this pulverizer for a year or so now . It is really bad . I mean it gets the job done , but at what cost?If you do n't have hands of steel , do n't purchase this item . In order to crush zinc pills or even Flintstones Kids Vitamins , I can only put in 1/2 to 1 pill at a time , and then I have to repeatedly torque the top harder and harder , releasing in-between to allow the crushed pill to move , otherwise it cakes together all hard again . It hurts my hands just to crush one pill . THEN I have to crush 5 or so more.I 'm getting something with a much better mechanical advantage .
 This crusher is easy to use and crushed pills well , but the resultant powder gets stuck in the tip of the cone-shaped well .
 I just bought this at a local pharmacy and after using it for the second time it cracked as I was turning the top . I would not recommend this product !
 This is probably a good product - however , it was not suitable for my needs - to large and course . thanx
 The optical quality of these glasses is so poor that I can not wear them . It 's like reading through water . I think that the angle of the glasses contributes to the problem .
 These are very skinny glasses . In addition , the brackets where the lenses are attached to , are a little oversized . For example the middle bracket which connects the 2 lenses is 1 3/16 '' wide -LRB- 3 cm -RRB- . That leaves me a usable lens size of 1 1/4 '' by 5/8 '' -LRB- 33mm x 18mm -RRB- for each lens . I constantly have to move my head when reading on my 22 '' computer screen , or when reading a magazin , or do some office work.These glasses are only usable maybe for travelling -LRB- very small and handy hard case -RRB- or as an extra one in the glove department .
 If you are lucky enough to remove these spectacles intact from the hideously designed packaging , they are almost certain to fall apart after a few minutes of use . Poorly constructed , ill fitting and unsightly , they are essentially worthless .
 These briefs were not as absorbent as advertised and several changes were required during the night . I was disappointed by the quality considering the price paid .
 The optical quality of these glasses is so poor that I can not wear them . It 's like reading through water . I think that the angle of the glasses contributes to the problem .
 These are very skinny glasses . In addition , the brackets where the lenses are attached to , are a little oversized . For example the middle bracket which connects the 2 lenses is 1 3/16 '' wide -LRB- 3 cm -RRB- . That leaves me a usable lens size of 1 1/4 '' by 5/8 '' -LRB- 33mm x 18mm -RRB- for each lens . I constantly have to move my head when reading on my 22 '' computer screen , or when reading a magazin , or do some office work.These glasses are only usable maybe for travelling -LRB- very small and handy hard case -RRB- or as an extra one in the glove department .
 If you are lucky enough to remove these spectacles intact from the hideously designed packaging , they are almost certain to fall apart after a few minutes of use . Poorly constructed , ill fitting and unsightly , they are essentially worthless .
 I do n't understand this product . The clip does not work on my wire or plastic frames . I can see where it might work with safety glasses , but since mounting to safety glasses requires adhesive , I would have my doubts.The instructions ' small print is barely readable , which is ironic , especially from a company that should know better.I have tried many low-vision products , and I would not recommend this item without a good return policy.What I do recommend is the OcuLens Clip-on Eyeglass magnifier . For $ 7 I found a near-perfect solution to my low-vision needs . It quickly and firmly clips on to my everyday glasses and can be positioned to any angle . I use it for all my reading and close-up work . It is not a high-quality product , but for $ 7 you can buy several , which may last as long as any expensive product . I bought three .
 The glasses I ordered were the wrong diopter . This is not your fault . I called my optometrist ' office and asked them what diopter I needed for reading glasses and they told me 250-275 , so I chose 275 . It should have been 250 . I will eventually need them . Right after I bought them , a new supermarket opened and they had reading glasses and I got a pair that were 250 and they were perfect .
 The lenses are fine , the frames are awful , for the simple reason that there are no plastic covers over the ends of the earpieces -LRB- as found on all eyeglasses -RRB- , so that these ends cut into your scalp when you attempt to place the glasses on your head .
 The item arrived in two days and packaging was fine.I do not recommend this item if your aid is RIC behind the ear.The physical size of the container requires that you must drop the aid in and shake it out.I replaced this item with Super Dri Aid which has a larger opening for every day use the Dri Eze fostore my backup aid .
 I tried to avoid taking my electric dry box on a trip and purchased this product to take instead . I do n't feel that it did anything at all to dry my hearing aids . It is basically someplace to store them .
 The optical quality of these glasses is so poor that I can not wear them . It 's like reading through water . I think that the angle of the glasses contributes to the problem .
 These are very skinny glasses . In addition , the brackets where the lenses are attached to , are a little oversized . For example the middle bracket which connects the 2 lenses is 1 3/16 '' wide -LRB- 3 cm -RRB- . That leaves me a usable lens size of 1 1/4 '' by 5/8 '' -LRB- 33mm x 18mm -RRB- for each lens . I constantly have to move my head when reading on my 22 '' computer screen , or when reading a magazin , or do some office work.These glasses are only usable maybe for travelling -LRB- very small and handy hard case -RRB- or as an extra one in the glove department .
 If you are lucky enough to remove these spectacles intact from the hideously designed packaging , they are almost certain to fall apart after a few minutes of use . Poorly constructed , ill fitting and unsightly , they are essentially worthless .
 After trying this out I realized that the size of the round medicated disc is much larger than the actual size of the wart on my finger , at least 50 % larger in my case . This means that too much good skin that should be left alone is getting treated too . These strips are not made for the user to be able to adjust the size of the area being treated , so in my case it is not my best option . This would work better if the user could cut the round medicated disk to size first , or else be able to choose from a few different sizes of the medicated discs in each strip . Why not offer an assortment of sizes in one package ? Now I have switched to using the fast acting gel instead .
 The cleaance price `` told '' me these would be `` dated '' . However , I did NOT expect to get totally scentless GARBAGE .
 This product is what I understand to be an improvement over its predecessor - have to say for me that it makes me physically sick which the previous incarnation did not . I cant say either helped reduce my abdomen either ...
 Bought for Christmas gift . Shipped fast but when we put battery in did not work all the time . Put in new battery . Still only work about 50 % of the time . Will now need to get replaced . Ugh . Not what anyone wanted for Christmas . Mark
 I have been taking Warmi for over a month , the recommended 3 capsules per day . So far , I 've experienced no relief . -LRB- I have tried almost everything herbal and also prescription ; nothing but estrogen has worked so I might be a tough case . -RRB- UPDATE
 I purchased this product because of its odor-free-promise . True , Blue-Emu does not emit the characteristic menthol scent of the other pain relief creams , but it also does not produce the much needed pain relief . If you are considering buying a pain relief cream and are able to stand the smell of menthol , then I would suggest going with a traditional cream . The results produced by Blue-Emu are , considering the other reviews for this product , too hit-and-miss to warrant spending that much money .
 I really do n't think this does anything to help pain . It does not smell though so that 's truthful . Do n't waste your money .
 Simply put . Does not work at all . I paid 14.00 dollars for this at Walgreens . Have been trying it for a week on my back and ankle pain . I think blowing on your skin would give better results . Save your money and steer clear of this dud .
 Purchased this product in hope it work for some tendinitis . . Needless to say it did nothing . So , I figured maybe it will work for my lower back , again nothing . . Do n't waste your hard earned money , buy a heat pack for the micorwave , it will be cheaper and actually do something . Most can even be put into the freezer for cold therapy .
 I bought this to treat arthritis , back pain , and general aches and pain . I found it expensive and totally ineffective . I noticed no pain relief whatsoever . Save your money or try something else .
 I bought this item to relieve pain . I found no change to my pain level .
 The optical quality of these glasses is so poor that I can not wear them . It 's like reading through water . I think that the angle of the glasses contributes to the problem .
 These are very skinny glasses . In addition , the brackets where the lenses are attached to , are a little oversized . For example the middle bracket which connects the 2 lenses is 1 3/16 '' wide -LRB- 3 cm -RRB- . That leaves me a usable lens size of 1 1/4 '' by 5/8 '' -LRB- 33mm x 18mm -RRB- for each lens . I constantly have to move my head when reading on my 22 '' computer screen , or when reading a magazin , or do some office work.These glasses are only usable maybe for travelling -LRB- very small and handy hard case -RRB- or as an extra one in the glove department .
 If you are lucky enough to remove these spectacles intact from the hideously designed packaging , they are almost certain to fall apart after a few minutes of use . Poorly constructed , ill fitting and unsightly , they are essentially worthless .
 The mop handle completely fell apart during the first use . What a piece of crap . The mop heads for dusting/cleaning and the cleaner were great . I will switch out handles from my old Swifer to create a hybrid of the two systems .
 The mop handle for the Bona products is awful . It does n't assemble easily , and falls apart at the drop of the hat ! I like the Bona product , but wish I had n't bought the mop .
 This was the second time that I purchased this product . The first time the handle broke after two uses . The next one I bought broke the first time I used it . Do not order this product . The company refused to replace the handle saying that I missed the returns window .
 Love the cleaner and the dust mop but the stick broke very quickly . I had the best results mopping with the microfiber cleaner by hand . I would recommend going with the cleaner but not buying the stick . It was horrible .
 This product was so badly designed and built that the handle broke while I was attaching the velcro cleaning pad to the bottom of the device . The handle is two pieces that screw together , very poorly and cheaply made . There is an upgraded model available with sprayer attached that would probably be a better purchase , albeit a more expensive one .
 I can not believe how cheap this thing was made . Handle fell apart the very first time I used it . There are 4 sections and 2 broke . The cleaner Bona -RRB- is good . I have always used that on my wood floors . The pads work good too . Why the handle has to be in sections I do not know . The sections are connected with plastic and not metal ...
 i tried that Bona on my dark hard wood floors and it leaves a film . I have tried at least 3 different cleaners and they all left a film . I do n't know what else to use .
 I have a cleaning business and know that the best product out there for wood floors is Bona , so I decided to try the mop as well . I like the slim design and the pad , although the pad does tend to come off if it is wet and has weight to it.But the mop itself ? Junk . I 've had two . Redesigned , and it 's still junk.The first mop handle started having problems soon after I bought it . The plastic pieces broke , the handle would n't stay together , etc. . I finally taped it together to get it to hold because I did n't feel like taking the extra time to return it . And it 's not like I `` ve run the thing to death and it 's good for lighter home use , because I only use it maybe once a week.Used this for awhile , and finally threw it out . I had to get another mop on the way to a job and was running late and did n't have the time to go to Home Depot to get a higher quality one , so I stopped by the grocery store and bought another Bona . This was yesterday . I noticed the handle was redesigned and I thought , `` good , I hope Bona fixed the issues . '' Because I do like Bona as a product and the general design of the mop . So I wet the pad , put it on the floor , stuck the mop to it , and pushed the mop for the first time on the floor . I heard a cracking sound and the handle came apart . Literally on the first push . And it would not go back together . It 's still in two pieces , and I did the whole floor bending over using this half-mop . I `` m very surprised to find such a low quality product from Bona . One would think they would concentrate on quality since their cleaner is generally the product of choice for professionals . This thing is no better than a dollar store toy . I `` m going to return it this time.My recommendation ? Buy the bottle of cleaner , and go to Home Depot and buy a higher quality mop . I did n't like the Libman mop either , it was junk , although not quite as bad as the Bona . At least it lasted a month or so . So I 'm going to search out a more durable brand even if I have to go to my local cleaning supply place .
 I recommend getting the cleaner but not the crummy mop handle . It broke the second day . I wo n't even bother to complain at the store . What are they going to do ? Give me another bad handle ? Well , maybe I 'll do that anyway and also complain to the Bona company.Note to self
 I like the cleanser ; it is non-toxic . I like the pad ; it is washable . I ordered a second pad so that I would always have a clean pad ready . But the handle broke in less than two weeks . I have to confess that I had read that it had happened to someone else in an earlier review . I figured it must be an anomaly . I have trouble applying enough pressure to use a rotary cutter and yet this mop handle broke at one of the joints.I personally would try the cleanser with another mop and pad system.The mop rates zero stars.This is the first hardwood floor cleaner I have purchased . I do not know how it compares to other cleansers.I just did n't want someone else to get ready to use the mop only to have it break and have to wait to clean until you can purchase another mop .
 Handle broke the first time I used it . Will be sending it back . My friend has the one with the spray cartridge attached , and he said it 's much sturdier .
 I was looking for a floor cleaner that would give the same shine as my previous one -LRB- It used to be the previous owner 's cleaner and I thew away the bottle without checking what the name of the cleaner was -RRB- . I tried floor cleaners which were available in stores but they did n't give the same shine as my old one . So , I started looking for cleaners online and I came across this product with pretty much good reviews . I really thought I found the right cleaner to my hardwood floors but I was very disappointed ... the mop works good but the cleaner just did n't do much . I eventually had to switch back to orange glo and and just used the mop with it ... I think it gives a better shine than bona .
 After just one use the mop handle broke in half and I had to return it . However , the spray really does work . Just be prepared for the handle to break , you could duct tape it , but that 's kinda ghetto .
 The Bono hardwood floor care system is a great product , however , the handle is made very cheep and fell apart on us after a few uses . It must not have been an American made product .
 The BonaKemi cleaner is amazing . It leaves no residue and cleans very well . I love the microfiber mop cloth but the stick is so bad . It broke on just one use ! I would recommend just buying the cleaner solution alone ...
 I have been happy with the cleaner , but the mop is incredibly poorly made and snapped off in two places on the third use . Could not believe it . Skip the mop -LRB- which had it worked would have been great as it has a wide sweep and the attachments are easy to put on with the velcro system -RRB- . Really disappointing .
 By far , this is the worst purchase I have ever made . Initially the mop broke and it was replaced . Subsequently it broke again . My husband taped the lower portion of the handle . Yet , the upper portion keeps on pulling out from the handle . Customers do not buy this product !!!
 I have no complaints about the cleaning solution or the cleaning pads . The cleaner itself is flimsy and broke within a year . You have to push down fairly hard for the wet cleaning pad to actually clean the floor . The cleaner broke at one of the joints along the stick . Poor design and a waste of money . The Swiffer cleaner is much stronger and easier to use .
 For some reason this just leaves my face patchy , my old 805rx worked better , maybe the new SpeedXL is better .
 This item worked very nicely for a total of 2 weeks . Then it stopped functioning , likely a bad motor or connection inside . I am disappointed , previous 2 Norelco shavers I still have , 7 and 15 years old , a bit worn on the outside , but they still function . I think they have quality control problems .
 The Dolce & Gabbana by Dolce Gabbana for Men is pictured as Eau De Toilette but when I received the product it was a body spry in a can ; this was very misleading . Be careful and know what will be sent to you before you enter you order .
 First of all , this product worked for my son . He is an overactive 7 year old doing poorly in school because he ca n't sit still and focus . He took this product for 3 days and by the third day , I noticed he came home very calm and got a good mark home that day . The problem is , the product is so disgusting that he wo n't take it . The first 3 days was a big fuss . I had to beg and bribe . The last dose he took , he actually gagged and threw up . After that he did n't care what I offered , he was n't putting that nasty thing in his mouth ! So , with that being said , the product is pretty worthless and definitely a waste of money since it is sitting in the medicine cabinet . My advice ... try the liquid version , much easier and he does n't complain about the taste . The only downside about the liquid is that it 's only enough for about a week going off of the recommended dosage .
 I had one of these for many years until the cord frayed and I had to throw it away.I ordered a new one , but this is NOT the same as the old . For one thing , the speeds are not the same
 When you put a lot of pressure on this vibrator it stops vibrating . You ca n't get a good back masage with that .
 This devise feels great on the shoulders and all , but it is LOUD !!!! Sounds like a lawn mower in your ear!Wahl 4120-200 All-Body Massage Powerful Therapeutic Massager in Pharmacy Box
 It shakes a lot . -- And that 's all it dose . It only causes me dizziness when I applied it to my neck or back . Returned it after two days . Thanks Amazon though .
 I only purchased this product for massage my legs and help circulation on my legs . I have to say all those review about `` personal '' use make me laugh . This machine is an heavy , cold and smelly plastic peace I cant immagine putting it `` there '' or even setting it on maximum speed there as some reviews stated.Cammon !! I rather get set off the old fashion way LOL . As massager I gave it 2 stars as its a cheap piece of heavy plastic and its non working at all good for massaging my legs or anything for that madder .
 When I received this item through Amazon , from Cosmetic Solutions Inc. , the box was torn , it did not have the proper attachments , it had obviously been repacked into the box , and it appeared to be used , but , it was purchased and sent to me as new . Based on this experience , I do not think Cosmetic Solutions Inc. is a reputable company and would advised not to buy from them . I do not return items , when I am cheated I do n't do business with the company again , and that includes their sponsor Amazon .
 This product would probably have been fine had it not been shipped from America and therefore had an american plug fitted . I purchased a plug to adapt from US to UK but this obviously did not work as after three minutes the product was so hot I thought it was going to catch light . Even after being unplugged for five minutes it still remained overheated . I thought it would have mentioned when purchasing it and submitting my address in England , that it was US voltage . I have to say that I had no problems returning it and was reimbursed within a couple of days . Really good service on that schore .
 I do n't care for this product . I have used it three times and am still not happy with it . It looked like it had the attachments I needed but I was wrong . The photos are deceiving .
 As I am not familiar with email purchases here is a warning to other `` silver searchers '' . Before you press the purchase key make sure you know where you are shopping . My purchase in UK , I am now informed , came from the USA . As a result I have a massage machine of the wrong voltage with no opportunity for a refund . I recommend all UK shoppers to visit their local electrical store first and only use email as a last resort .
 Other reviews praised the power of this little machine . While I agree it is small and light it did n't back the punch as described . Think carefully about your needs ... if you are looking for a deep penetrating muscle massage , I 'd recommend looking elsewhere ... if however you want a gentle vibration this product will be stellar .
 This item i purchased was to be used for deep tissue all over massage and also for sexual use also . After excitedly plugging in device and turning onto low , the NOISE of this product was insane , sounded like i had a tattoo machine with extra loud speakers , the vibrations where great , the attachments where rubbish and continually fell off ... the noise also makes you deaf with prolonged use and gave me a head ache after 5 mins . Threw this product in the bin after a days use , and wont be getting this product again .
 Not sure what 's up with the quality control at Wahl . This is my third massager from them and they have gotten progressively louder to the point that this unit was unusable .
 Sept 09 . Ordered recently , disappointed for a few reasons . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Speeds - 1st cycle -LRB- slow speed -RRB- was too slow . For me , it was not effective as a personal massager . -LRB- similar to a battery that is kind of dying -RRB- . 2nd cycle -LRB- not faster , instead , it changes to bruising pounding -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Noise levels
 The knuckle attachment works , but even still , it only has two different speeds . The slower of the speeds is too weak , and the stronger is far to strong . If they had one that was in the middle it would be perfect . It definatley helps with the knots in my calfs though .
 I bought this to replace a Hitachi Magic Wand which broke within a year . This Wahl massager works O.K. , and has a useful number of attachments , but it is VERY , VERY LOUD , especially when you 're applying pressure -LRB- but even if you 're not , it 's still too loud -RRB- . Also , there should be three settings , not two , based on the extreme differences between high and low . The low is very low , and the high is very high . There definitely needs to be a medium , which it does n't have . All in all , I would not recommend it , nor would I buy it again . I may give the Hitachi another chance , since it seems most people do not have a problem with it breaking so quickly . Maybe I just got a lemon ...
 Our fourth machine over the years , our first time online buy , we looked forward to that beautiful box and what a deal for the day , almost half price ... BUT once plugged in , IT -LRB- the Wahl 4120-200 -RRB- was intolerable . The noise ! The din ! The rattling horrid grind ! We inspected the thing . It looked like the others we had had BUT the seam splayed a gap upon the spine so unusual , when right on top we saw a small area of over-tightened plates as the spine had been re-glued . They , in a tiny area , ever so slightly , overlapped . `` The thing must have been dropped '' we said and `` They tried to fix it ! '' and `` No wonder it was so cheap ! '' . So we put it back in its beautiful box and pondered if and when we would send it back and if we would order online again .
 We owned 2 previous walh massagers which worked great and lasted a long time . This newest incarnation is such a poorly made device that I think I shall be avoiding Wahl products for the foreseeable future . The cord / switch is a weak point that shorts out inside and creates a very real fire risk . We bought one that lasted 4 weeks then when we turned it on , it shorted out inside and started to smoke , so we unplugged it right away , and took it back to exchange it for a new one , thinking we got a lemon . The next one lasted 1 week . After use , we turned it off and set it down , and as we were leaving the room , we could hear a funny noise soon followed by a bad smell . The massager had shorted out again . If we had been quicker leaving the room , we could very well have had a fire on our hands . We will not be getting another wahl .
 This thing only has two settings , but they are both a simple 60hz vibration . In other words , the speed CAN NOT be varied . The low setting is too weak to be useful.I 'm not sure what this thing is supposed to help you with , but I did n't think it would be likely to provide a good massage , -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- as it 's action is from side to side , rather than up and down as with proper massagers.To top it all , the detachable plastic accessories are all made with poisonous PVC plastic.what utter junk this thing is!So , I recommend to save your money and look elsewhere , this thing is just a waste .
 As I stated , the handle is a bit heavy for someone who has arthritis in their hands but it does do the job .
 By far the biggest problem with this is that it 's unusable when trying to use much pressure . It makes a loud noise , clearly out of it 's intended usage range . This makes working deep leg muscles impossible . Time to look for another massager .
 For the price , The product is ok for body massage but not too soothing for facial massage . The vibration is too high for facial massage and it doesnot relaxes the muscles but some how they get more tense
 Pros : Poweful massage while it lasts.Cons : Attachments are a joke.Overheats quickly and can burn skin.Guaranteed to break within a year .
 I had one of these , only single speed , back in the early sixties . It was noisy , got hot -LRB- metal housing -RRB- , and vibrated the hand as much as the targeted muscle . But it seemed to massage pretty well . In comparison , while the new one is quiet -- if not forced -- and runs cool , I found it useless for deep muscle massage . The high setting is fine for facials , and possibly the back of the neck . The low setting is a joke.I thought I had a defective item , but when I plugged it into a watt meter , I saw it was delivering the correct ten watts . Maybe that 's the problem . Ten watts is n't much.On the plus side , it 's cheap .
 Like another reviewer said , this is not as robust as the older model - as usual things get made more cheaply as time goes on . For a thickly muscled person that wants to work out deep knots , go for a more robust percussion massager . This unit does not have the intensity nor power for much more than surface stimulation . If you apply any pressure at all , the unit begins to clatter . A little more pressure and the motor binds completely . One more design flaw , the switch is at the finger grip , and just a slight squeeze can move the switch enough to cut the power - can be very frustrating . Major design oversight that just adds to the disappointment in this one . Only redeeming thing was the myriad of attachments but quality is still lacking . I wish I could rate this one higher , but you get what you pay for in this case .
 I was disappointed in this product . It 's appearance was the first problem
 Loved it at first , then it got as noisy as a jackhammer after about 5 months . Now , 11 months later , it 's broken . Do n't buy this .
 this product is too noisy . it does n't help to relax you . I do not use it any more the sound is too ennoying . it worked well the first week .
 Besides being LOUD , it is basically just a vibrator with different tips . I bought it to massage my calf after a knee replacement . It took so long to get that by the time I got it , the pain was almost completely gone . Anyway , I do n't understand how this can be comfortable for anyone to use . You ca n't really move it around on whatever body part you are trying to massage because it hurts to do so . The tips are a rubber/plastic and do n't move smoothly over your skin without feeling like it is burning your skin off . All it does is vibrate , not really massage . It 's stupid and I 'm returning it .
 I wish there was a zero star rating I could give . All the parts were there and beautifully packaged but the massager did not turn on when plugged in . Little good it is then !
 Bought this as a gift , but only can be used in U.S , called customer service , they said that if you use in other country , it will cause FIRE , so returned .
 Great product but I was sent , apparently , a refirb . massager . The box came with only 4 attachments instead of the massager with the six in the description I paid for . When I contacted the sellers , they offered a refund or a replacement . I simply wanted the two attachments they owed me or the difference from the box with the 6 attachments in it . They gave me an excuse that it was the company 's warehouse that was at fault , not them and I never got a response back from them when I asked what we can do about them over charging me for the product . It is a great massager , just be careful who you buy it from .
 Great product but do not buy this model . This model is way overpriced . The Wahl 4120-600 is $ 17 and is almost identical ; the only difference is the Wahl 4120-600 has 4 massager heads , and the Wahl 4120-200 has 7 .
 When I ordered this Flax Oil , I really should have read closer , I went for price , not quality . I should have looked at the serving size , which in this bottle of 120 caps is only 17 , meaning you have take 7 of these huge pills a day to get the amounts advertised . I wo n't be buying this one again .
 I never received written word from this vendor nor did I ever receive the product
 I purchased this item , however , i ca n't say how it works . When I received it did n't work and would have cost me more to send back . Very disappointed in wasting my money .
 This is for GAINING weight , so make sure you dont misread or misunderstand what this product says , its not for losing weight .
 I had extreme pain in my abdomen for the three days I took this product . I followed the diet , even did better than its daily fat recommendations , but still nonstop discomfort and agony . I would recommend anything else to try and lose weight , especially a cheaper option that wo n't make you feel like your intestines are on fire .
 Search alli , then read the negative reviews on this product and you will see what I am saying . I bought it and threw it out once I started having symptoms
 After doing all of the research and watching several infomercials , I decided it was time to see the product in action . What a disappointment ! Followed this plan TO THE LETTER and never lost an ounce !
 I read an article that links Alli topre-cancerous lesions in the colons of mice.According to Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe , director of PublicCitizen 's Health Research Group , `` while it is notknown whether these pre-cancerous lesions will lead tocolon cancer , he and other cancer experts do notbelieve use of the weight-loss drug is a risk worthtaking . '' I agree ! I would rather find other ways tolose weight than risk my life taking Alli !
 My Alli came late . The starter kit was not in it 's kit packaging . There were 2 loose bottles and some manuals tossed into a postal service bag . Seller didnt respond to my call or e-mail . Service was awful ! Dont buy from DAB Nutrition ...
 I bought Alli based on the positive reviews on this site . Granted I have within normal weight range and due to holiday bingeing , need to lose maybe 5 pounds . I live in Asia and had to wait 2 weeks for ALLI to arrive from the US . Could n't wait to tear open the package . I took 3 per day , as per instruction , and had to wait more than a week before I experience any gas . To date , it 's been close to 1 month and I still have not experienced the `` oily stools or embarrassing bath room runs '' . I do keep a very low fat diet but still I am sure there is some fat in what I eat!I do n't know why I am so resistant to ALLI but nothing , zilch effect !
 I came accross an article that links Alli topre-cancerous lesions in the colons of mice.According to Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe , director of PublicCitizen 's Health Research Group , `` while it is notknown whether these pre-cancerous lesions will lead tocolon cancer , he and other cancer experts do notbelieve use of the weight-loss drug is a risk worthtaking . '' I agree ! I would rather find other ways tolose weight than risk my life taking Alli !
 the first week I took Orlistate I HAD STOMACH GAS PAINS AND ONE TREATMENT DISCHARGE.tHE SECOND WEEK NOTHING HAS HAPPENED AND I HAVE ACTUALLYV GAINED 5 POUNDS WITH NO SIDE AFFECTS . THUMBS DOWN TO ORLISTATE .
 Hello my friends , I have looked over the comments here and elsewhere . Please save your money on any `` pill '' for weight loss . The results that I have seen are barely on par with just eating the right foods , getting proper rest and exercise . The answer is not in a pill . It never has been.The pharmaceuticals are making billions a year trying to sell you something to make you feel better or to fix something . The food industry has marketed tons of `` quick fix '' foods for over 20 years to save you time . They are all in cahoots to make you sick so that they can make you better . And it has been BIG business for a long time . I say `` ENOUGH '' to these big businesses . Think about it . We all have been `` Programmed '' by commercials . I say ; it 's time for all of us to take back control of our lives!Dr . Hyman has written a book called UltraMetabolism.Ultrametabolism
 I tried it for a month . Because it was approved by the FDA I felt safe trying it . The side effects are awful . My hiking was put on hold for a month because I could n't stray too far from a bathroom . This product gives you gas but not just gas - a disgusting oily , yellow discharge also . You know that feeling you have when your body is telling you it needs to get rid of solid waste , well you start losing your ability to control these muscles , and are lucky if you make it to the bathroom on time . I lost 3 lbs in three weeks -LRB- 1 lb . / week -RRB- which is not bad but then I gained the 3 lbs back and an additional 2lbs . Ca n't understand it because I am watching what I eat . This product causes too much distress in your body so be warned before trying it . It seems my grandmother was right . Just exercise and the weight will come off . Ah , excuse me , I have to run to the bathroom again . Arrgh !
 You will receive a `` gray market '' product that appears to have been heavily handled prior to you receiving it , missing the box * and * NOT including the necessary & legally-mandated instructions for use .
 This is a very weird and hard to work with texture . I also did not notice any great wound healing either .
 My eyes hurt so badly at the time that I would have tried anything ! I have dry eyes , etc. . . and thought I must have mites as well that were causing me problems . Anyway , I later went through allergy testing -LRB- like everyone else in Houston ! -RRB- ... and the Allergist said she did n't think using these types of products causes any harm ... but there is no science to back the hype . I agreed with her .
 I emailed the company and asked them what species was in their product . They did n't know ! You 're rolling the dice when you buy a product based on its common name -- rather than its scientific , Latin name -- it could contain anything . Many natural products have the same common name but are completely unrelated . This is exactly the kind of practice that gives herbs and their vendors a bad name . Know what you are selling to your customers !
 An acquaintance bought me Bump Patrol from a local store last summer after I started started shaving with razors and , consequently , developed numerous razor bumps . I applied it frequently , per directions , in the hopes of relief . My skin got darker , the bumps persisted , and Bump Patrol took very long to get rid of the bumps . In my quest for a more effective shaving technique and shaving tools -LRB- including aftershave creams that minimized ingrown hairs -RRB- , I did not pay enough attention to my darkening skin -LRB- quite evident when comparing pictures -RRB- . With rapidly growing hair and dark skin , it was n't as pressing a factor as the constant resurgence of hair bumps and ingrown hairs.This all changed 2 weeks ago . After shaving my face and head with a razor , I developed bumps everywhere , even on my scalp . To curtail it , I applied Bump Patrol all over my face and head over the course of 3 days . Big mistake ! The bumps healed after 1 week . However , I am now left with the most ridiculous amount of black spots all over my face and shaven head . It 's the first thing anyone that talks to me brings up . The occurrence of the black spots was so sudden and so encompassing that I 'm left completely unsure as to how to deal with the dark scaring all over my head.I 'm disappointed it took me so long to realize Bump Patrol was the single item in my grooming solution that was causing the discoloration of the skin . I 've certainly learned a vital lesson here
 I did n't have many razor bumps to begin with , but this solution only eliminated 30 % of the bumps . Been using it for the past month and a half .
 I 've used Bump Patrol for years . I know what it smells like , and I know how it feels when applied . I know the kind of results I can expect.I ordered this 3-pack online because I am finding it to be more and more difficult to find locally in stores , and I am very disappointed in this purchase .1 . The product does not smell like Bump Patrol at all . Instead , it has a strong odor .2 . It burns a lot when applied immediately following a shave . Real Bump Patrol does not burn .3 . It is n't working . Real Bump Patrol works for me ... quite well , actually.I regret that I ordered a 3-pack of what appears to be a knock-off product packaged as Bump Patrol . It is my suggestion that you do not purchase this item from this seller .
 This seat inside hole area is way way to small ! It turns your elongated bowl into a regular size bowl ! So your toilet becomes the size of a airplane toilet !! The inside hole length is approx 9 '' once put on . Elongated seat is about 13 '' hole . Not sure about you but i need that 4 '' of front side room for body parts ! The other problem with it is the secure the seat protrusions get in the way of ever closing the toilet seat cover . Their seat is designed to lift off the permatally attached provided bracket , but as stated the bracket wont let the toilet seat cover close . Pass on this one !
 This product is so weak , it barely lasts an hour ! This is either a sign of being too old , or not being stored properly ; given the price , I would say it is old . Look elsewhere for a fresher version . This is great aftershave , but it should not be this weak .
 I bought these because I thought I 'd save some money and buy 18 of these things instead of just the six that come in the quantum canker patch boxes . Bad idea . These discs are just tiny flimsy little things and they do n't stick very well . The quantum canker patches last for hours and hours while these little things will come off within less than one hour . It does n't feel like it 's doing anything except sticking to my mouth . There 's no healing or anything going on . I 've been using these for days , but nothing 's been happening . Yes , I get temporary relief while I have it on , but then it falls off and it hurts again . The quantum canker patches are the only product I 've used that really do the job for me . The only thing these discs MIGHT be good for are like , when the canker sore has n't popped yet . Never buying these again . Complete waste of money .
 These are much harder to place and last a much shorter time than Canker Covers . I 'd say they last at best 45 minutes , whereas Canker Covers last an entire night 's sleep . And while Canker Cover adheres almost instantly , Canker Melts must be held on -- and kept dry -- for about a minute to adhere , and even then they tend to fall off . The only advantage these have is that they can go somewhere visible , like your inner lip . Canker cover is too big and gloopy for that . Other than that , these are so-so short term relief at best and I see no reason to buy them over Canker Covers .
 First they do n't really stick to the affected area at all . Next they are so thin -LRB- see through thin -RRB- that they easily fold in 2 and are rendered ineffective.I read some folks seem to like them and perhaps its a personal thing and perhaps its because I tried canker covers first . These are fairly cheap so worth a try - see for yourself . For me there is no comparison - canker covers actually stick to the affected area . I will say though that canker covers could be a little thinner - they are almost too thick.I did use repeatedly to try to adjust to them -LRB- and use up the box I bought -RRB- . I will not repurchase .
 There is nothing more painful and disgusting then having a canker sore . It is annoying and frustrating at the same time . If you want to frustrate yourself more buy this . They do n't stick to your lips and do n't really do much when you hold it there.Orajel Antiseptic Mouth Sore Rinse-16 .00 ozis the only thing on amazon i will recommend . Your best bet is going to the doctor/dentist and getting a prescription .
 I put the disc in my mouth right after I bite the inside of my lip . The Cankermelt irritated the area and it developed into a huge painful canker sore !!! So , no I would not recommend this product .
 I have chronic canker sores and thought I was getting a great deal for the price . While these are all natural they are n't as effective as Qauntum 's Canker Covers
 takes forever to dissolve ... leaves a thick gel over the sore ... and completely peels off in less than 30 minutes . Terrible product
 I bought canker melts because it was on sale and half the cost of canker covers . This stuff provides relief but only for about 1 hour and then it just slugs right off . I tried putting one of these when I went to bed and I woke up with it in a different place . You can forget trying to eat/drink with this on because it will just come right off . I followed the instructions carefully and still have no idea why I ca n't get it to work . I tried 3x to get this thing on and it actually aggravated and made my canker sore deeper and more painful . Save your money and stick with Canker Covers .
 This mad me real upset with universal product . My stomach was bubbling the whole time i worked out it was bad . Didnt give me no energy what so ever . I was yawning the whole time .
 Universal Nutrition is a brand I have used many time with great results . This however is a time when I had no results . Great company , but Shock Therepy let me down .
 I really had high expectations with this since it was from Universal I 've always had good results from there products but I got nothing from this not even a lil pump or even a flush feeling ... sorry Universal but guess I 'll stay with Hemo Rage
 Perhaps this will work for other people ; it just gave me acne-lots of it . I did sleep somewhat better , but that was about all .
 i got the worst zits right on my temples every time i took this stuff . very painful and very unattractive
 I bought these a couple months ago to wear in regular shoes since I walk to work every day . After two months , the fabric on top is separating from the rubber and causing my big toe to rub on the gel insert . For the price of these , I thought they would have lasted longer .
 It fits fine . But I do n't think it make a huge different . I meant to put them in my althletic shoes , so i took out the original insole and change to these . I even compared with one shoe with it one with the old insole . But I can hardly feel any difference . I do n't know how it is after a long run comparing to ordinary insole , but for the hight price , to me it 's not worthwhile .
 For years , I used Athletes Plus insoles happily to support my sensitive feet . They worked like a charm.Now they have `` upgraded '' them with a new shape , new materials , etc. and they provide so much less support that I now have to search for other insoles.Look elsewhere .
 i bought this from a sports shop . its ok . fit to my shoes . i used for basketball shoses . the problem was that it was melted soft gel by heat .
 I purchased this for a relative 's Stage II decubitus ulcer . You have to place the film on the ulcer . The ulcer stays moist which is supposed to help heal it . It was a sticky mess when I tried to remove the film after 2 days , the instructions indicate it can stay in place for 7 days , but a sticky mess results . I 've only tried it twice , and I 'm not sure I used it as directed .
 We bought this at suggestion of our dentist . However , it is difficult to use , extremely messy and the on/off button on handle is difficult to press . We used it a couple of times but have not used it since because of messiness and inconvenience.Our neighbors bought the same model , tried to use it a few times and have not tried to use it since for the same reasons we gave.Save your money and go back to flossing !!
 I got about 6 months of light -LRB- single person-once-a-day -RRB- use before it quit . Now it just emits a steady hum . This is intended for family use ? That is laughable . You should get the extended warrantee if you buy this turkey .
 Tomorrow I have to return this item because after less than 3 weeks of use the pump has malfunctioned . I did enjoy the clean mouth I had after using it but another drawback was that it was unbelievably noisey . Before buying this I spoke with an acquaintance who mentioned that he had bought one and in less than two years -LRB- which is the lenght of the warranty , his model also had suddenly died -RRB- But I did n't expect this item-which was recommeded by my dentist , to be such a disappointment .
 I have just returned my third Waterpik WP-70 . In three months time , the motors froze up on all three . Coincidence , or just poor workmanship ? I always followed the directions in the manual exactly as written . Another complaint is the noise level . I am currently searching for a better alternative to Waterpik .
 It 's very noisy . Once unpacked , you will NEVER get the cord stored again ... which also means you have to leave the reservoir laying on your sink . Leaks develop after several months . Dies within a year . I 'm assuming this is true for all models made by the company , so I 'd advise trying any of the other brands.NEW `` Ultra '' ... a world of difference . Quieter . Cord stores easily . More powerful . Just out of the box , it 's 4 Stars .
 Purchased in February , the motor froze up in June .
 This was a great device for several years . It 's loud , but it gets my teeth clean . After 8 years of intermittent use , the seals in the handle blew and it leaked hideously . Water Pik is apparently aware of the problem and has a replacement handle kit for about $ 9 plus S&H. ; If the motor holds out for another 5 years , I 'll be very happy . If I start using it daily , my dentist will be happy.Update 07APR11
 I used the old Water Pik irrigators for many years
 When my family first bought a Water Pik irrigation appliance back in the sixties , it was a very well crafted piece of equipment . It lasted for years and years.I bought one of these WP-70s and noticed off the bat the dramatic change in quality from the original product . Flimsier , lighter , and noisier.But considering that I used it only once or twice a week , it did n't take long for the product to fail . In about a year , the hose sprung a small leak . And because of the pressure in the hose , the leak created a tiny stream that sprayed all over the bathroom . Within days , the leak increased , and then became a crack , and then simply broke into two separate pieces . Now the machine - with total flight hours of , what ? , maybe a few hours worth of use ? , the product is kaput.It 's been sitting on the counter taking up space while I search for replacement parts , but the hose seems integral to the handle , and I have n't been able to find a replacement hose for this model.My advice , based on my experience is to steer clear of this one.While I think the product concept is a good one , and it really provides a superior oral cleaning , it 's a piece of junque that reeks of manufacturing corner cutting.And environmentally , the idea of building this half way around the planet and shipping it to the US only to drop it into already overburdened landfills seems somewhat absurd .
 The line connecting the hand held water pik to the water reservoir came apart on the fifth use . Sprayed up the walls like a loose fire hose , while I panicked to turn it off . I have tried several things to fix it but so far other than resorting to duck tape I have n't succeeded . I am calling customer service for a repair kit ... if I can ever be home during the hours they are open . I was so disappointed , as it was wonderful the first five times . It was also so powerful it could have been substituted as a paint stripper on the highest setting .
 I have owned several WaterPiks over the years and the biggest problem is the junky plastic supply hose that gets brittle over time . Once it gets brittle there is no fixing it , as cutting off a little piece on the end and reattaching it to the handle only works for maybe one or two more uses , then it starts leaking and you have to do it again . After you do this about a dozen times you are ready to scream ! So I bought the replacement hose on-line -LRB- about $ 15 with shipping for a 50 cent part !!! -RRB- and opened up the unit -LRB- have to use a couple small screwdrivers to pry open the tabs on the bottom , but pretty easy -RRB- . But when I tried attaching the new hose to the little plastic nipple on the pump that it attaches to , the nipple broke . Poor , cheap design ... the nipple should be made of metal !!! So now the unit is toast . Not worth trying to get a new pump for it.I firmly believe that WaterPik could easily provide their units with a higher quality plastic supply line that does n't get brittle after just a few years use , but they wo n't do that because they want you to buy a new one . And they do n't want you to try fixing it either.Note -- I did try finding some other hose that would work . The closest I came is some rubber windshield washer hose -LRB- avaiable at auto parts stores , cheap -RRB- that is 3/32 '' ID and 5/32 '' OD . But the problem with the rubber hose it that it restricts the flow of water ... the flow is not nearly as powerful as the plastic tubing . And I could n't find any plastic hose of that size at Home Depot , Lowes , hardware stores , etc. . So you are stuck having to order the WaterPik replacement hose at top dollar.If you do , be VERY careful attaching it to the pump !
 I had to return my recent purchase due to a defect . I have used WaterPik Dental Water Jets for many , many years and typically have to replace every two or three years . I was disappointed to receive a defective product but began shopping locally for another dental water jet . I purchased the WaterPik Ultra , and I am pleased with the design , size and operation thus far . I just hope WaterPik can maintain quality of their products and that my current purchase will provide another two to three years of service .
 Our first unit lasted about almost 2 months . Despite the relatively short lifespan , I thought the product was worth it considering the dirt-cheap price . However , the second unit we got leaked water at the base during its first use ; so , it went back to Amazon the very same day it arrived our home . This product is so dangerous . Without exercising some safety precaution , it can cause electrocution !
 BUYER BEWARE ! MY UNIT QUIT THE SECOND TIME I TRIED TO USE IT!Reading the reviews , I am not alone . I am so suprised because my dentist said it was the best thing going . Maybe another product will work better.Believe me , I will read those reviews BEFORE I buy the thing .
 This product needs to be taken off the market . It does not work , and I would like to return the one I have .
 The entire family of WaterPik products has a history of `` motor freezing . '' Actually it is the pump that locks up and the motor ca n't turn it . This one is no exception . I was able to disassemble and grease the pump , however there is no excuse for this design . I got this one locally to replace the cheaper WP-70 bought on amazon in December . That one lasted three months . This model lasted only two . I like it when it works , but it is quite noisey .
 I understand what they were trying to accomplish with the water control being located on the handle . The issue with this is the strength of the jet can be accidentally adjusted and if someone has sensitive gums/teeth that could be extremely uncomfortable . I personally would rather have the setting control on the base where it ca n't be accidentally moved .
 With braces on my teeth , I needed some way to dislodge food that would stick between the wires . I bought this model.It 's loud -LRB- I wore earplugs -RRB- but it served the purpose , UNTil the tube sprung a leak at the base of its permanent attachment to the nozzle piece . I had not used it that long , and did not think I 'd been rough on it.I tried to pull the tube out to recut and reattach , but could n't . I foolishly bought a 2nd water pic . I tried to be more conscientious about the way I held the nozzle , and even strapped a tape around the area of attachment . But the 2nd one also sprung a leak in the same place after some months of -LRB- less than daily -RRB- use .
 I too loved the way this cleans , but also found that mine broke after about 6 months -LRB- the curly hose detached from the handheld unit -RRB- . Add that to the fact that it is loud as heck , and I do n't understand how this retails for $ 40 + .
 both my daughters have braces and I was advised to get this waterpik . I hooked this up , read all the instructions , filled the reservoir and then tried to prime it as directed . This would not even prime thru the tubing . This is bulky , takes up space and difficult to manuever . This is the 2nd water pik I have bought and unhappy with . not worth the trouble . I only gave it a 1 star because there was not a 0 star
 I 've had two waterpiks over the years . I liked them both , when they worked , as they had plenty of pressure . Both died in about two years though , one with a hose leak , and my latest one , which died today , leaking in the attachment handle . I need the machine , so I 'm torn about what to do . I bought another brand -LRB- Teledyne -RRB- about 4 years ago , and was not really happy with the lower cleaning pressure it produced , so when it croaked , I bought the second Waterpik , which cleaned well , but does n't last either.I sure wish I could get more than 2 years out of these units . I only use them once or twice a week , so that 's a pretty short working life span , I 'd say .
 This product was sent to me by WaterPik after two of the battery powered hand-held items failed -LRB- first one the motor , second one the battery -RRB- . They are quick to send out a replacement unit if you just call them . It seems they know they make such a poorly made and designed product . This unit is very hard to control , to keep from getting water all over the place . The tip comes out easily if you press the wrong direction on the knob . The `` pause '' button is hard to keep down , so more water all over . A very crude product - if they had n't sent it to me for free , I would return it to the store . I will continue to look for a better product as my dental hygenist says my teeth and gums are so much better after using this kind of device .
 We had used a WaterPik for many years and just wore it out . We bought the new version of WP-70 / WP-70-W and have been very unhappy with the oeration of this unit.Apparently , over the years , WaterPik has redesigned their units to give a `` pulsating '' flow of water . Our old unit performed the cleaning with a `` volume '' of water , thus flushing out anything between thec teth . The new pulsating action is very poor . If you turn up the pressure to get more volume , the water jet is very hard on the gums.I wish we were back with our old unit and not this supposed newer technology .
 I 've owned this model Waterpik for one year now and it just died the same way the previous Waterpik died
 I 've had 3-4 of these things and they are very poorly made . The pump on each one has failed after 6-8 months . So , I suggest you go find another brand . That 's what I 'm going to do !
 This is a piece of junk . Why is the company still producing this model ? It was n't even three weeks before it stopped working -- no power and it sounds like a jack hammer . I want to buy another oral irrigator but I 'm reluctant to trust any Waterpik product . I do not want to give it even one lousy star .
 The product worked great , when it worked . The pump stopped working and I 've owned it less than two months . Disappointed .
 I bought this product last year and used it a few times and put it away . I just took it out a few days ago to use it for the 5th time and it sprung a leak on the handle and water gushes out all over the place . Just like the other comments/reviews say here ... It did work pretty well as for getting in between the teeth but breaking after only a few uses is n't really worth it.I 'm going to buy the 100 watt one and try it out since there is a Nov 2008 coupon for 10 -LSB- ... -RSB- off . Lets see if this one can last 10 uses ...
 i recently ordered this online thinking it would help me cure my gingivitis , well 4 days of using this 2 times a day i am now starting to think other wise ... Because instead of my gums turning pink they turn a dark red after each brush and remain that way for an hour , then return to normal light red color.This toothpaste is not for every one be cautious of GSE liquid concentrate . . if you are going to use it as a mouth wash , PLEASE DONT it will destroy your gum tissue
 The add shows `` MADE IN USA '' 75-count pack . Received MADE IN CHINA JUNK ! CHEAT ! CHEAT CHEAT!NEED TO GET THE MONEY BACK.AD showsPlackers Disposable Dental Flossers , Mint , 75-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 6 -RRB- MADE IN USAWhat you get in the mail : Junk made in china . Very BAD
 On the plus side , it is relatively more compact than other portable oral irrigators . But the negatives outweigh the positive . First , the jet is too weak to clean effectively . Second , the reservoir is too small . I needed multiple refills to make one clean .
 This cane does not have a gel grip as pictured and described . I am very disappointed because this was the main reason for my purchase .
 Bought this cane especially for the GEL GRIP - should have read the reviews before purchasing . Very little of what is written in the description is true . This degree of deception can only be intentional .
 cane is advertised as `` GEL GRIP '' however there is no gel grip handle . the only reason why i bought it was because i wanted a gel grip comfortable handle waste of time and money . item not as described
 Cane pictured is not as described . Pictured with a wood handle , but comes with a pPlastic handle instead of gel as described . Do not purchase this .
 I bought this for my mother she and I both use canes . I thought that with the features that it has it would be a great cane for the money . Wow was I wrong ! This thing has some type of gel that makes the gel grip and it started oozing out of the handle . What a mess not to mention the chemical smell it had . I dont understand why this thing would pass the smell test for any cane user . I tried to call the manufacturer and they were almost impossible to get a hold of . I returned it and hope no one else goes through what I went through when purchasing a cane .
 I sincerely hope that Buck knives reads this and does something . I am writing from the perspective of someone who bought this same model of knife 5 years ago . THEN , it was a beautiful knife . Beautiful and Smooth in all aspects , from the fine rosewood to the polished blade.What I just got was a poor copy - like a wilted flower - only a memory of what used to be.The blade is poorly finished . You can still see the grind lines across the surface . My earlier version was like a mirror . The wood on this newer version just is n't as nice , leaving me wondering if it really is real rosewood . Even the finish of the metal parts of the handle is crude and unpolished . Fine craftsmanship is definitely not what comes to mind when you hold this newer blade.I am sorry I bought it and I will never be buying another Buck knife again .
 I am always looking at new and improved ways to care for my teeth . This is a stupid product . It contains a plastic ` toothpick ' that vibrates . PERIOD . It does nothIng to clean between the gums that dental floss ca n't do and DENTAL FLOSS does it so much better . Save your money . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I have used and loved Bay Rhum for many years . I first bought it while visiting Bermuda . It is a spicy lotion with a certain unctuousness that makes it a joy to use . The product is now produced in the US-clearly inferior to the original . It lacks body and has a dilute aroma . Furthermore , the manufacturer 's quality control measures are woefully lacking . Last year , I purchased the product from Amazon -LRB- great service from Amazon , BTW -RRB- . The packaging was as I expected and the label on the bottle correctly represented what I thought I had purchased . When I opened the bottle , instead of the anticipated lovely , spicy aroma came a weak , fruity smell . When I looked more closely at the back of the bottle , I saw the raised lettering and image indicating the ingredients were Royall Lyme ! Amazon graciously and quickly replaced the defective item . The replacement product was fine . I ran out and purchased another bottle . Guess what ? The exact same packaging/labeling defect . Oy . The smell for the Lyme seems much worse and entirely intolerable . I have decided to look for a different product from a different manufacturer .
 Royall Bayrhum of Bermuda was NOT FROM BERMUDA AT ALL , but was concocted in the US under some kind of license agreement . I felt cheated when I read that on the delivery box . I am disappointed by this deception . The fragrance does n't have the aroma of the original , made in the island . This is clearly a scam .
 My husband has used this very expensive product for years . This bottle has almost no scent . It smells like pure alcohol . This has never happened when I ordered this product from a small store . $ 50 literally down the drain !
 I bought a bottle of `` Royall Bay Rhum '' from my normal supplier last fall . I do n't go through a bottle but every few years . Evidently , it has been near six years since my last purchase , because the Bermuda people sold out six years ago , and now the marque is formulated in the USA by Royal Doulton.This recent bottle is H2O and alcohol with a fraction of the oils of the Bermuda product . I had an e-mail conversation about my and my wife 's impressions with the Royall people in Bermuda . The Bermuda Royall contact stated that the ingredients are the same , but the US Customs somehow regulates how much of the key oils can be used in the US product . I rather doubt the involvement of US Customs , when the more likely reason is that Royal Doulton is cheapening the product using less of the oils that used to give this Bay Rhum such a punch.My wife used to love this . She noticed immediately that the new bottle has only a little of the impact of the fragrance and no depth . I have a bit of the old product , and she can tell the difference right away.So , about $ 38 for a 4 oz . bottle for nothing.I recommend not buying this product . You will find it now unsatisfying compared to what you bought several years ago.Now I need to try to find another Bay Rum -LRB- Rhum -RRB- product that is satisfying to my wife and me . Unfortunately , the St.Thomas is a bit on the sweet side for my wife 's and my preferences , but all of the others I have tried are too weak and lack the kick of the old Royall , Bermuda product.Bring back the old product , please , and it will sell nicely . This new formulation will not succeed in the market .
 I have used Royall Spyce & Royall Lyme for over 40 years . I bought from Amazon the pkg of 3 -LRB- Spyce , Lyme & Royall Bayrhum -RRB- , but discovered that the Bayrhum has NO aroma ! What do I do ? Return it ; go buy an oil to give it an aroma ; or , toss it ? I am truly disappointed - almost disgusted . Was this an error at the factory or what ?
 I recall the Bay Rhum I used in college - Royall Lyme brand I think -LRB- as opposed to Royal Doulton -RRB- , but the Bay Rhum essence . It had a distinctive aroma that i could smell for close to an hour -LRB- others I suspect longer -RRB- but I think it was cologne , rather than `` after shave cologne '' . In any event , the aroma of this stuff is so weak to my olfactory apparatus that I asked my wife what she thought of it . Her reply was `` barely detectable '' . I think I 'll stick to Tiffany for Men , Paloma Picasso 's Minotaur , and Caron 's Pour Homme in the future . To me , this stuff is no better than water . I may let half of the alcohol evaporate to see if the aroma gets any stronger . Otherwise , I 'll simply toss it .
 My wife bought my first bottle of Royall Bay Rhum for me back in 1969 . It 's the only aftershave/cologne she has ever liked . I went through a period of a few years using other products , but she wanted me to go back to the Royall bay rum , so she bought a bottle . I used it sparingly , but eventually ran out . A few weeks ago , my sweet wife ordered another bottle , and was I ever surprised . It smelled more like rum than Bay Rhum , and felt like a chemical burn when applied . Some may call that bracing , but I 'll tell you , it 's not the same product I used in previous decades . The scent of the current product is very much weaker than the old original , and it is gone after 15 minutes . The old Royall product lasted for hours . I also recall that the old Royall Bay Rhum bottles had a bay leaf in each one . There was probably more bay laurel oil in it , and the leaf in the bottle helped it retain a distinctive scent to the very last drop . I 'm actively looking for a better replacement product and wo n't go back to Royall . They would do well to return to their old tried and true formula . If you like alcohol on your face after a shave and shower , I suggest buying a bottle of vodka or rum to rub down with . It 's cheaper.This is an October 2012 update
 This is actually about the bottle I bought two years ago and should have reviewed then.Let me start at the beginning . I first used Royall Bayrhum OF BERMUDA around 1970 . Yeah , that 's over 40 years ago . I bought it on St. Thomas where it was a heck of a lot less expensive than here in the U.S. I loved that scent and used it off and on over the years.Then I ordered a bottle from Amazon without realizing that it was no longer really Royall Bayrhum OF BERMUDA . It 's now made in the USA and the quality is horrid . All the flag waving and `` buy made in the USA '' campaigns and then we turn out poop like this . The Chinese could put together a better knockoff and charge about five bucks for it . I knew that something was wrong when I opened the bottle and the scent of bay leaves was n't there . You might just as well use rubbing alcohol for a buck a bottle instead of wasting your money on this . You can also walk into most large drug stores and pick up a bottle of cheap bay rum that has more of the essential oils than this does.If you like to try new things , cut some plain alcohol with about 25 % water and add a few dozen bay leaves . Let this sit in the sun for a week or two , giving it a shake once a day ... you now have bay rum . If not strong enough , add more bay leaves and put back in the sun . Too strong ? Add a little water . Now use the money you saved to buy something else made in the USA ... which is hopefully of better quality than this .
 I like bay rum . Such a classic , clean scent . I have never run into a bay rum that I did n't like , until now . This stuff vaguely smells of bay run , then quickly degenerates into something resembling the smell of cheap hairspray . Truly awful . While most bay rums tend to be on the short-lived side , not this stuff , no , you 'll reek of chemical waste all day -LRB- and then some -RRB- . I wish I could give this zero stars .
 This is no longer the exhilarating , refreshing , superb smelling product it once was . No longer made in Bermuda . The USA licensee has massively watered down this product.This used to be the finest bayrhum available anywhere . Now it is a weak shadow of it 's former self . I strongly recommend people find another bayrhum and please let me know of a good one . I certainly hope the new maker will return to the old formula which was so rich in essential oils and wonderfully masculine.Amazons service was excellent as usual.The new licensee needs to return to the brisk , refreshing lotion of the past . Not this watered down alcohol . Sigh ...
 It was too thick , so I was worried for my new born to use it.It may give him a nappy rash.So I did not it use it .
 the contour diapers seem like a good idea , but like prefold diapers you still need an insert to keep your baby even remotely dry . Unfortuntely these diapers are so small , the insert does n't quite fit right and sticks out a bitup top . This would still be okay , however my baby could n't fit into the contours with or without an insert beyond 11 lbs . you ca n't believe the numbers 5-20lbs .
 This trimmer just is n't of good quality . The plastic is very cheap , and I had a hard time trimming anything . Invest in a better quality trimmer .
 Although the description promises full color plates that can be used to test for colorblindness , all I received was a book full of gray dots ! i purchased this to try and self-diagnose and am disappointed to find out that none of the pages are in color .
 Sufficent for if your watch will work but realize that is not realisitc to purchase this amount of batteries for your watch and having shipped by themselves . Better to buy in the store .
 The add sayes it is pure extract . IT IS NOT !! it is synthetic . It is safe to give to honeybees if that 's what you are buying it for , but just so you are aware .
 i love the delicious tropical smell . Just wish it lasted beyond the time it takes to apply it . less is not more .
 Excellent value for the money but watch out if you have thick/fat legs at the knee . My leg measures 22 inches circumference just below the knee and I found these socks too painful to wear for more than a couple of hours . I suspect they would be just fine for someone whose below-the-knee measurement was 18-19 inches . Otherwise the socks are well made and quite comfortable . I ended up switching to Jobst socks -- pricy , but good for a big guy to wear all day !
 I bought vitamin shoppe maca extract for infertilty . I received the product and some paperwork that stated that this product above contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm . I am really mad . No where on Amazon site for this product or on vitamin shoppe website does this maca extract have this warning . DO NOT BUY !!!! I still do n't know if its the maca , the binders and fillers , the process that vitamin shoppe uses to make their maca extract .
 I opened it and turned it on and it did n't work . Thankfully Amazon processed my return quickly , so no problems there !
 Excellent value for the money but watch out if you have thick/fat legs at the knee . My leg measures 22 inches circumference just below the knee and I found these socks too painful to wear for more than a couple of hours . I suspect they would be just fine for someone whose below-the-knee measurement was 18-19 inches . Otherwise the socks are well made and quite comfortable . I ended up switching to Jobst socks -- pricy , but good for a big guy to wear all day !
 Well if you are reading this review my condolences , good luck with your shoulder surgery and rehab.The Good : Solid , well built.The Bad : Personally I did not care for this devices and ca n't recommend it for a couple of reasons :1 . Hanging of a hollow core door this did seem stable , worked better off a six panel door .2 . I prefer the stretch and pull directly overhead not at an angle . We re-engineered his to hang off a floor joist in the basement so it was directly over my head and as sturdy as the Rock of Gibraltar -LRB- maybe not quite as sturdy , but it was solid -RRB- . The Ugly , I tore my Rotator Cuff again and am going back to surgery so I get to use it again.Bottom line , save your money get a hanger hook screw , pulley , and a piece of rope . Good luck !!
 SAVE your Money , awkward to use , almost a useles device . You can get better flexing simply by sit in a chair aand pull on rubber bands , or rotating arms ,
 The fun lasted 1 or 2 brushings before becoming boring . Did n't make him want to brush his teach any more than before buying it . Neat science activity , though , at least the first time my son tried it .
 This paci is too big . My daughter gags and pushes it out of her mouth . Takes too long . I think it is worth it to get an ear thermometer instead .
 This product leaves alot to be desired ... it does not remove all the hair ... and the little hair that it does remove is torturous ... i still had to end up in the waxing salon after this ... better luck next time i guess ...
 I have struggled with this product for a few weeks and it still gives me grief . I 'm going back to threading .
 i bought it , but i try to many time , but no results , its painful and removes only 2 or 3 hair at lease , after my skin was redness , u need use when it too hot , if too hut burned ur skin , never buy it , save ur money
 It was painful , was hard to take off , and di n't take the hair off like advertised .
 I thought this would be totally different from other waxes I 've used , but it was n't . It 's sticky and it 's only saving grace regarding that is that it is easily wiped off with water . It 's messy and it does need to be heated majority of the time . It 's also not very effective . The waxes I 've used hurt but they removed the hair , not this stuff . It hurts and barely any hair is removed . I wo n't be buying it again .
 I just wanted the nads . I love nads , ... it works great . But they sent me accessories . A VHS tape . How many people even have VCR 's anymore . over 60 dollars for a $ 20 container or the product and a VHS tape .
 Does anyone know if this is great for pubic hair ? I know it sounds gross but thats what I 'm looking for most .
 when making a product say the name to a 13 year old and see if they laugh if they do you might just be a redneck , Thanks guys have a great night
 This was a very disappointing product . The wax/gel is very hard and extremely difficult to spread . The directions say nothing about needing to heat the product , but I found I had to keep popping it into the microwave to soften it enough to try to use it . The cleaning pads are so thin , they act like wet tissue and wad up when used - useless . There are only 5 cloth strips enclosed , so that is enough to do almost half of one leg . What a waste ! Pass on this one . There has to be something better out there .
 This product sucks !!!! If I could give it no stars I would !!!! Ok the other reviews say follow the directions and you 'll be just fine it works like a dream , UH WRONG !!!!!!!!!!!!! I followed the directions and this stuff left me bruised !!!! Not to mention it hurt worse than anything I 've EVER done !!!!!!!! I have tattoos and piercings -LRB- so I do n't consider myself a sissy -RRB- , and I 'll tell you , I used this once and never again !!!!! I 've used other wax and I was fine !!! I ONLY used this stuff on my legs since they 're used to this kind of thing , but each strip was agony . The directions tell you that you can re-use the strips with the 2 hairs it pulled out the first time and the pound of flesh on the strip , yeah you ca n't even get one full leg done unless you hand wash the strips that this comes with and wait for them to dry . However you wo n't want to use this again . It 's sticky and it takes off more skin than hair !!!! I bruised REALLY badly with this stuff , yes I held my skin , even testing a small strip on my boyfriend 's arm -LRB- he asked -RRB- and he even bruised . My friend tried it , she bruised too !!! Trust me this stuff takes off more skin than hair . The only way you get some hair -LRB- more than two pieces -RRB- is pop this junk in the microwave for a while . You have to hand wash the strips which is a pain !!! Oh and you have to put the wax on the strips first !!! What ?!! So if you want to get rid of skin and be sticky and bruised then go ahead and buy this ! If not then I recommend Zip !!! * Edited for the non-believers * Apparently I did n't make my self clear . I put this `` gel '' on my skin like it said , AND HELD MY SKIN , paid attention to the hair growth rule -LCB- apply in the direction growing , take away in the opposite direction for the best results -RCB- still excruciating and bruised !!! Tried to put it on the strip , doing the same method , same results . Took off skin and I was bruised ! I 've been to a professional waxer , did it exactly how they do it . I 've even had my best friend -LRB- who happens to do this for a living -RRB- help/show -LRB- since there are claims I do n't know what I 'm doing -RRB- use this evil product , and guess what same results ! Still bruised and took off skin . -LRB- I 'm wondering if it might be the possibility that I have thick dark hair , instead of thin blonde hair . -RRB- So whatever . If you 're brave go for it . If it works for you , great but obviously from the other reviews I 'm not the only one it did n't work for .
 I 'm no stranger to waxing so I had no qualms about trying Nads for the first time . Never again ! This stuff is extremely messy , and did n't work well . Did I mention how MESSY it is ? I had this gel all over my bathroom counter . Yuck . Save your money . I recommend the Sally Hansen wax . You have to heat it in the microwave , but it 's easy and very effective .
 I 'm no stranger to self-brazilians and have used Veet for ages with no hassles , apart from the odd learning curve . I 've seen the adverts for Nads and thought I 'd give it a go . Well , it did n't hurt any more or less than other wax I 've used so there 's no real benefit there . The truth is , it just sticks to your skin and not to your hair . I was waxing the same part over and over again , pulling out two hairs at a time . I tried different temperatures , different thickness layers of the wax , read and re-read the instructions.I swiped a very thin layer over one small area and when I removed the wax I had a small hickey like bruise , so ugly , I was shocked . I 've never had that before . This product has seriously put me off self waxing .
 This stuff is THE messiest and most painful hair removal system I have ever tried . I have tried lots of different heated waxes from the ones that use a cloth and ones that do not . This is not worth the money . There is a reason the salons do not use this crazy stuff , folks ...
 I used this on my lower legs and instantly got a bruise and it was the most painful experience ever . I have used other waxing products that didnt hurt as bad . I would never use this again .
 I bought Nad 's natural hair removal gel 6 oz from CVS for $ 20 and I am very upset . I try to remove hair from face and I do it for many times but still it does n't work well , specially ticker hair it does n't remove at all .
 Now for the people r wondering why a male is using this product , it is because I 'm a bit hairy in some areas that i want to get rid of without constantly shaving . I like being hairless . Anyways besides that lil disclaimer , it was one of the worse products I 've used for waxing . it was messy as hell , it got stuck on my fingers and my parts of my legs that i did n't want to get waxed . It only removed some hair here and there and it gave me bruises on my upper inner thigh -LRB- I do n't bruise easily -RRB- . SO ALL IN ALL I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY BODY .
 One word
 I had to go over the same spot several times . Maybe my leg hair is too coarse , but this did n't work for me ...
 It only really removed about 75 % of the leg hair I applied it to and it barely removed 30 % of the coarser hair . It used a ton of wax and all of the strips just to do my legs and it did n't get anything off my knees . The only place it really worked well was where there were just a few relatively fine hairs like the thighs . Gave me some nasty looking red bumps for about 2 days , but that would n't have been a big deal IF it actually removed all the hair I applied the gel to.The only reason it 's 2 stars instead of 1 is that it did n't hurt that much and it was very easy to use .
 I used this product on my chest and stomach , which was a HUGE mistake . Immediately after using it I was covered in red bumps , hairs were missed , and I developed the worst ingrown hairs of my life . This product ruined my skin and my summer . Men , do not use it .
 i bought these b/c my kids have both had febrile seizures and i am paranoid about fevers . so last week my 1 year old was sick and i put these stickers on both kids and each kid registered around 97 degrees for the 2 days straight . i know b/c i was doing rectal temps too that my son 's reached over 101 at one point and these things never reflected a fever . not only a waste of money but i thnk these are SCARY b/c had i relied on them i never would have treated the fevers and they might have had more seizures . this product says on side `` hospital grade '' but i find this impossible to believe . i am going to try to get a refund b/c this product was so HORRIBLE .
 My son had RSV 2 times so I had to take his temperature regularly . I thought that this would be a great way to check it all day and throughout the night . It was always several degrees off . I emailed Vicks and they told me I must not be doing it properly . I read , reread and reread the directions and believe me , I did it just right and it did not work . This is a great idea , but not dependable at all .
 Having just come back from the ER after having used this product to check my son 's temperature . There is WAY too much room for error and as one of the commenters said - the temperature you read will be relative to the actual temperature of your child - meaning , internal -LRB- rectal -RRB- vs this reading will be off . You would hope that it would be off by maybe less than a degree as specified on the package ... BUT in my case , it was off by a good 5 degrees . My son ended up having a febrile seizure -LRB- convulsions with fever -RRB- as a result of my not responding strongly enough to his temperature . Meaning , I gave him a fever reducer but did not call the doctor to follow up when his temperature remained high.This product needs to come with a warning AND it should have some sort of ` conversion chart ' to tell you what the actual temperature would be . Also , the instructions are general and with a small child , there may not be enough surface area available to properly place the product . So there is too much room for error to make the types of claims that are on the package.Claims are as follows : `` Professional Accuracy '' - I think not as reasoned above `` Pediatrician Approved '' - The nurse in the pediatric ER promptly took it off and told me they never work `` Ages Birth + '' - The smaller the child , the more inaccuracy due to lack of surface area under the armpit given the size of the stickerNormal axillary temperature range as listed on the back of the box is `` 97-98 .6 deg F '' ... the erroneous reading I read was 97.6 deg F when actually his internal temperature was possibly 100-104 -LRB- 104F causes the seizure -RRB- . It claims to be + / - 0.2 deg F accurate . If this is to the axillary temperature ... wrong again . . this was about 3 or more degrees off.DO NOT RISK YOUR CHILDS HEALTH WITH THIS PRODUCT .
 The first one we tried worked very well . It stuck on well , did not bother my child 's skin and seemed to display an accurate temp . The second one never showed a fever even tho we verified that she did have one . I am no longer willing to trust that it will tell me , and feel like you can get as accurate information from putting your hand on their forehead .
 Very disappointed , I thought these would at least get me in the ball park of my kid 's temperature . They were reading 95-97 degrees when he had a 101 fever ! Completely useless . Never even registered body temp .
 This product did nothing for me as far as energy or nothing else.It did make me nauseated from time to time.I think I will try the tablets and see how they work .
 I like the idea behind this product - 90 seconds in the microwave and it 's good to go . Comes out very hot but the heat seems to last for less than 10 minutes.Would not recommend this product .
 I read the positive reviews on this item , so decided to give it a try . I 've always used dry heat , but not for any reason , just because that 's what I found in the stores . I have an upper back/shoulder pain that 's recurring.The heating pad worked as described , heated up just fine and stayed warm for a decent amount of time . I would not be happy having to reheat it as often as it needs to be done , though . But I really do n't like the feeling of moisture along with the warmth . It made my hair damp when I put it on my neck . It made my shirt damp when I put it on my back . Guess I should n't fault the heating pad for doing it 's job , but I really did n't like it .
 It looks like most people are using it for heat , so it may not matter . It does not get very cold and is useless , in my opinion , if you need to use it for icing .
 Had this pad & it exploded in the microwave . Sent it back to amazon & got a replacement . No wthe replacement did the same thing and the return window ended last week . Spend money on something else - this is a defective item .
 Ordered a 50 yard roll and got a 6 yard roll . Called and was told they will send a 50yard roll . Later was told they wo n't send it but we could send back the original for credit .
 I used this product for several years . I like it because it holds the heat very well . However , I have just switched to a bead-filled pack because , after a few months of use -LRB- not even the whole winter -RRB- , the plastic cracks open and the goop spills out at the place where it folds to fit into the microwave .
 Pack worked fine for two days and then it got busted while heating . I have been heating it for the same amount of time as instructed every time . Very disappointing .
 not really as i thought it would be . i have had much better for a cheaper price . i would not ever purchase this product again . if a person is a little large it will not fit them .
 I heated the the pad to the directions and it burst the first time I used it . So very disappointed .
 We had previously purchased this product at Medic Drug store in 2004 and it served us well until late 2012 . The instructions gave a heating time of 4 minutes for the larger pad . We would microwave it for 4 minutes and the pad held the heat for a couple of hours . Ultimately , the pad had some leakage , so we discarded and ordered the product through amazon . The new model instructions give a heating time of 2 minutes , which we followed . The pad is obviously not as warm as the previous model and does not hold heat as long . After a couple of weeks of usage , the new model began to leak , so we had to discard it . We have n't called the manufacturer about it . Very unhappy with the &#34; new and improved &#34; version .
 I am a big fan of their food so I bought a bottle of this when I ran out of my California Baby super Sensitive body wash . My 4 yr and 2 yr old started screaming and crying saying that it was burning their eyes . Please be careful with your babies . It does say `` For external use only '' . Smells wonderful
 I - think - it made my hair softer and more pliable , but honestly ? It was n't a big enough difference to give it more than 2 stars . Difficult to spread , especially with thick hair . Just not worth the price for the amount you get.As a starting point for alternatives , try SheaMoisture Deep Treatment Masque instead , but sleep with it in your hair overnight instead of leaving in for 30 minutes .
 The smell is most powerful when wet !!! I do not like the result given . Even after my hair felt moisturized the smell lingered . If you are not a FAN of avocados , PRESS the back button on your webpage ...
 I have only used Burt 's Bees lip balm before , but I have heard so much about it that I requested this as a Christmas gift . Unfortunately , I was not impressed -LRB- and yes , I followed directions -RRB- . It had an dirty , flat smell , that I did n't find particularly appealing . It was also difficult to wash out - it felt like it was the greasiest conditioner I have ever used even after thorough rinsing . Finally , my hair did n't feel any different than when I use my regular shampoo and conditioner . So that was three strikes , and this product is out .
 Does n't eliminate any odrors . Just a waste of time and money . But then , I 've tried many products in this catagory and not one of them can do what they claim .
 I absolutely looved this protein isolate , especially the chocolate flavor . Great taste , not too sweet , ease to mix and no crazy fillers with crazy names . Awesome product ! Until the day some genius decided to add SUCRALOSE to the new recipe . GRrrrrr ! . Received my new 5lb Pure WPI and after tasting it , it tasted like medicine !!! I then compared the Nutrional labels with the old jar -LRB- that i had bought in May -RRB- with the new one , and the stupid SUCRALOSE was there . I just returned the Chocolate flavor and I 'm getting the Natural flavor . I hope I like it !
 terrible smell ! made me sick to my stomach when i drank it.i will not buy again.i wanted to like this but it was terrible in everyway
 would anyone purchase any product with absolutely no labeling or nutritional information anywhere in the ad ? If you get sick or get NO benefits from the product , blame yourself for not investigating .
 I am waiting for the pantyhoses . They sent the wrong color.I returned them.Elena
 I tried these `` medical '' support pantyhose in my search for the perfect pair of support hose to help the venous return problem in one of my legs . I found them to be expensive and a little on the short side . I found them to fit poorly too . After wearing them for about 2 hours , they started to bag around my ankles and knees . I had to go to the restroom and pull them up every two hours try to reduce the bagging . They also did n't hold up better than the Futuro pantyhose I bought and I could n't tell the difference between the Futuro pantyhose and the Jobst pantyhose when I took them out of the package !! They are fairly sheer , have a slight sheen , more like regular support pantyhose , if you are looking for a pair of pantyhose that offer sheerness without looking like medical grade support hose .
 I was looking for something to soothe my aching legs during frequent air travel , but these ripped as I was putting them on for the first time . What a waste !
 This is not a very high quality piece of machinery . Will it shave/trim your hair ? Yes of course , but it is not very precise and it is made of cheap parts . When you pick it up in your hand you will understand . Also after a short period of time it will require being plugged in all the time and during use to work . I rate it a `` do n't buy . '' Spend an extra 10 bucks and get something better and perhaps think about a different brand . That 's what I am doing right now !
 For over 10 years I have owned one of those all in one Norelco beard and goatee trimmers and loved it . It was simple to use considering the guard could be removed easily and when the guard was in place , it allowed for 6 different settings ... . then as luck would have it , a few days before Christmas , I dropped my Norelco Trimmer on the tile floor in my bathroom and the guard popped off and had a slight crack in the side and was no longer able to stay on the trimmer securely ; so I asked for a new one for Christmas . The Wahl Trimmer is what `` Santa '' got for me . Apparently I have done something to make Santa hate my guts , because this trimmer is the WORST thing I have ever in my life tried to use . There are 4 different guards . 1 of them is the `` main '' guard and has 6 different settings . However , it does not slide from setting to setting with ease ; in fact , I now have a blister on my thumb from trying to get the guard to my prefered setting . The other 3 trim guards might be easier to use ... that is if you could ever remove the `` main '' guard from the contraption . It 's like the main guard is super glued on the thing . It is so difficult to remove , you 'd swear that you will end up breaking it if you applied any more force . This piece of junk caused me over 30 min of pain and frustrated me to the point that I thought I was in need of a blood pressure medication . Granted my Norelco Trimmer was battery operated only , but by purchasing rechargeable batteries , I never had to worry about buying new ones or if in the middle of trimming if it would shut off . Dont waste your money on this product ... because by the time you get the thing to work , your beard will have grown out so far that you would need a Bush Hog to cut it .
 Have used many Wahl products over last 25 years & this exact Groomsman Beard for many years & have always been very satisfied . However now have recently purchased 2 of these razors & they have stopped working within 2 weeks . Battery no longer takes a charge . The 3rd one seems to work fine . Seller has taken them back each time but Wahl customer service -LRB- Michelle -RRB- does n't care & or their corporate policy is to tell you to `` send it back to them & they will look at it . '' So I have to spend money to send it back & be without a razor . Customer service says no bad batch of product & offer no assistance that matters . Furthermore , bought another Wahl razor with a lithium battery -LRB- model 9854 -RRB- which worked on an initial test , just running it but not using it , which worked fine . Went to actually use it & stopped working . Wo n't take a charge . Wahl , these products I have purchased & customer service are inferior . Will never buy another Wahl product . Hope Remington , Panasonic or any other razor manufacturer makes a quality product . Wahl has permanently lost an excellent customer .
 This product worked great for a few months then simply stopped . Tried the suggestions given to loosen the blades , etc. . This product is junk .
 When I received the trimmer & took it out of the box , the first thing I noticed were a lot of scratches in the paint . Secondly , it appeared to be missing the release tab to remove the guide . It was also difficult to adjust the pre-attached guide , as it seemed very sticky . The instruction pamphlet was poorly written and not helpful . This trimmer was inexpensive , and it showed . I never bothered trying to use it , since it did n't have the release tab as shown in the diagram . It was supposed to be new , but it seemed as if it was refurbished . I sent the item back immediately .
 Trimmer pulls and pinches even when cutting light swatche of beard.The anticipation of the next painful pull does not make for a enjoyable trimming experience.Would recommend strongly to invest in a better/heavier duty trimmer.I guess you get what you pay for .
 i 've had it for three weeks now . it does what it should do , trimming is done clearly , but some cons are : - the material used in this device seem to be of poor quality-the trimmers size is relatively small , so it may take longer than usual to shorten your bear-if you hold it in some bad direction , and/or use more pressure than needed , it can easily hurt your face or neck 's skin , leaving little scars .
 I could n't even assemble the product , and there were no instructions on how to do so .
 I have had either a beard or goatee for the last 28 years , and for most of this time I owned a Wahl trimmer . My first Wahl lasted 10 years , my second Wahl lasted for 8 years . I took a 3 year break using a Norelco -LRB- which was a Christmas gift -RRB- , however , I was never satisfied with the cut at longer settings . I ultimately went back to various Wahl trimmers , yet they all gave out -LRB- battery , motor , etc -RRB- in less than 2 years.Deciding to give Wahl one last chance . I purchased the `` All-in-One Trimmer Kit , '' given that it had a 5-year warranty . The battery quit recharging after the 3rd month , and Wahl 's position was since I failed to keep my receipt , there was no warranty coverage . Please note that my failure to keep the receipt was definitely my fault . However , I can say , through personal experience , that Wahl 's quality and performance has SIGNIFICANTLY declined over the years -LRB- based on my last four purchases -RRB- , and this was the last Wahl trimmer that I will ever own . If you can not purchase any other trimmer but a Wahl , my advice is that you hold fast to your receipt ... because I fear you will need it sooner rather than later . If any other option is available to you , I would strongly urge you to consider it , rather than purchasing a Wahl .
 I have to say i am disappointed , Having used a trimmer from wahl with same model number 9916 , which i felt gave me a good trim , i immediately sought out to buy same model off amazon.the one i received was much cheaper in quality . The plastic guide IS cheap junk which felt like it would break eventually , which it did within 3 weeks from being dropped . The guide shattered . There is no replacement for the 5-position guide for the 9916 I can find.Now i am torn between buying another of these and treating it like a precious heirloom , or finding a razor that can survive real world use.On the plus side , the battery life on this razor is incredible .
 Do n't buy this product . I went through two units with the same problem . The trimmer is made of cheap plastic with plastic tabs to snap onto to the blade . Within less than one week the tabs broke and the trimmer would no longer stay attached . Further the base/stand is just a lightweight piece of junk that does not properly hold the handle and accessories - very poorly designed , Wahl should be embararssed.It did a nice job of trimming my beard but the attachments are so awkward to install and remove , the base practically useless and the trimmer tabs break so easily that I would have given it no stars if possible.The fact that I returned one unit only to get a second that broke within a week makes me wonder what good the two year warranty is worth .
 If you enjoy pulled hair and very slow trimming , this is the trimmer for you . My old trimmer was fantastic . It lasted 20 years and only died because my wife washed it . I had to do multiple passes on sideburns and beard to get it even . Each pass is at a snails pace compared to my old trimmer . Worst of all , even when used slowly , it tends to grab and pull hair . I would not buy one again and I will find a replacement quickly .
 The on/off switch felt cheap from day 1 , 3 months later & it 's messed up , hope I can find the receipt !
 This product started off strong and worked well initially.After 7 months , and a couple of months off because I had my beard & mustache professionally trimmed , it would not work , no matter how long I charged it up . Now it is basically a paperweight.I recommend you buy something else .
 I LOVED the trimmer compared to an old Remington trimmer that I had . The charge holds forever on this thing , and the movement is extremely fast so it makes for a great beard and stubble trimmer . HOWEVER - I dropped it and the head internals broke since it was cheap plastic . I understand if you drop it , it can break.I went and bought another exact same model . I had it less than two weeks and an internal piece -LRB- part of the spring head assembly -RRB- broke for no reason . No dropping , no water , I babied it . It simply broke because of cheap build quality . Never buying another cheap Wahl .
 It does the work
 This company says that its products are 100 % vegetarian , but this balm contains lanolin . Lanolin comes from sheep 's wool , and is NOT a vegetarian ingredient .
 I was very excited to find this product , as you ca n't find baby hair balm in any of the big -LRB- or small -RRB- stores . The packaging and name are cute , and it arrived as promised very shortly after I ordered it . However , it turned my baby 's hair into a grease-fest . No matter how little I use , her hair gets greasy and looks awful . I do n't use it at all . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 This balm may work well , but the smell is very unpleasant , sort of like Bag Balm .
 Let me just say that I LOVE LOVE this company 's clean and clear hair gel . It 's absolutely fantastic . Since I loved it so much , I decided to give this balm a try . Oh my god , it smells so horrible . It might be ok for an adult , but no one wants to smell this on a little sweet baby . I was so disappointed . As far as working , I suppose it keeps the hair in place , but it gives the look of ummm lard or something like it . I hate writing a bad review , but after the fantastic experience with the hair gel , I 'm just hoping the company will read this and do something to bring this product up to the level of their gel .
 I absolutely hate overbearing fragrances for infants , so Original Little Sprouts products seemed perfect b/c they were not over-bearing . The other -LRB- OLT -RRB- products have a wonderful light smell or no fragrance at all . This product worked well on my infant son 's hair , but the smell is quite distinct and unpleasant . I hope that the marketing division of the company is suggesting a change in this case . It is best described as a smell of wet or mildewed cardboard . It is totally un-baby-like . What were they thinking ?
 I usually buy these wipes for my father who is confined to bed and was very pleased with them as we used them along with the wet wipes . However recently the quality of the wipes has dropped and they are now quite flimsy and do not hold up well when used . They feel just a little bit stronger that ordinary tissue paper . This is a big disappointment to me as I can no longer use them as I used to . Really really disappointed please revert to the original quality .
 I was expecting the disposable washcloths that I got in the hospital -- the very soft ones . These are not those ! Baby wipes are much better . Still looking for the very soft dry cloths that you can use with water and skin cleanser .
 I bought these to use as baby wipes , because the description says `` Commonly used in hospitals for changing newborns . '' While in the hospital when my baby was born , the hospital did provide dry wipes for us -LRB- that was the type of wipe I was looking to buy -RRB- . But these are not the same as the ones the hospital provided - these are much too rough and coarse to use on a baby 's skin . If you are looking for wipes for baby , do not buy these .
 As someone else mentioned , these are a lot rougher than the dry wipes that you get at the hospital for babies in spite of what the product description states . I was disappointed because of this and would n't buy these again . Now we have 350 to use . They seem ok when wet -LRB- definitely softer than when dry -RRB- but I think Viva paper towels , which are strong and soft , would probably be a cheaper and better alternative .
 These wipes are definitely NOT the ones used in hospital that we were looking for . These are so rough and scratchy that they should not be used on any baby skin . I would not use on adult skin either unless you were trying to exfoliate.We were disappointed at the misleading description of this product and will never buy again . Going to try the Medline dry cloths next and hope they are really the nice soft ones that were used in hospital .
 My order did not arrive by the expected date of deleivery . It took over one full month from the time i ordered to the time it reached . The protein wasnt sealed and it looked like it was half empty . What basement is this company operating from ?
 I used to use Bausch and Lomb saline solution but I switched to this stuff because I got it in the mail for free and I am also using Clear Care by Ciba Vision . Well , I was just cleaning my contacts with the saline solution and about to put them in the case when I noticed one had ripped while I was cleaning it . I blame the saline solution because I do n't have long nails and this was a NEW pair of contacts I put in my eyes -LRB- had started on Sept. 10th . -RRB- It is now Sept. 24th . When I was using Bausch and Lomb my contacts never ripped . Looks like I am going back to Bausch and Lomb . Do n't use Ciba Vision Softwear Saline solution .
 I am always a little skeptical of these products with few reviews that come from unknown sources and brands , and this product confirms my unease . The massager is not good quality and is made more like a prototype than a finished product , the fabric just ripped off as I was trying to pry off the -- untwistable -- cover which I do not think is what they mean by `` cover removal . '' The device is irreparable but probably better use without the cover anyway . I have not used it for long but I have hope that the rotating motion will reduce some of my cellulite . The product seems like it will do the trick provided it lasts but I am not sure about the likelihood of this scenario and for that I give two stars .
 Here is the description copied from their page
 Be aware that this product is advertised by the Vitamin Shop using the wrong image . You will receive a diluted 36 % turpentine oil product not the 100 % pure Tea Tree product .
 When I developed rectal incontinence , I used these wipes exclusively , then after a few months , the rectal areas were red , itching and burning like a bee sting . My doctors assumed it was caused by hemorrhoids , so I had several surgeries to remove the hemorrhoids . I continued to use the Cottonelle wet wipes , and found that I still had red , itching and burning skin all the time , it was so painful , it was hard to walk . My doctors told me that irritation was caused a fissure , and I needed surgery again . After the surgery healed , I went through several other medical tests and treatment to resolve the horrible skin problems and no matter what I tried nothing resolved it . Finally , after six years of fighting this problem , which literally disabled me from working outside my home , one specialist asked me what did I use to clean the area . When I told about the Cottonelle wipes , she immediately told me to stop using them and use the Balneol cream . Three weeks after I stopped using the Cottonelle wipes and started using on Balneol all the rectal inflammation stopped . These wipes are a wet wipe horror , the chemicals in them stay on top of the skin and begin to erode the top layers of skin , which opens the skin to all the germs coming from the fecal material . Nothing will resolve the inflammation except to discontinue using them around the anal and vaginal areas . So if you have sensitive skin , then do n't buy these wipes ever .
 I had been using these regularly for two years before I had a problem - in that area . I thought it was something else and immediately went to my doctor who gave me a prescription for what it was thought to be . When I was filling the prescription I happened to also be buying a pack of these wipes , and the pharmacist recommended I not use them while taking the antibiotic because the wipes can cause a bad interaction with the antibiotic . Within one day of not using the wipes my problem was gone but I kept taking the prescription since I did n't have the slightest idea the wipes could be a problem and assumed the drug was remedying the issue . Well , a few days after finishing the prescription , I used the wipes again and BAM - within an hour my problem was back . Did a little googling and found an article stating that the chemical -LRB- MI -RRB- in these wipes is causing rash , lesions , etc in people and the ingredient has actually been banned from other countries . Do n't believe that because it gets the FDA approval all is good and well . I 'm not allergy prone so for this to have an effect and take two years to happen is a warning - it will break down the skin in that area over time and wreak havoc .
 I used to love these wipes . I used them all the time for that extra clean feeling down there between showers . I changed meds that caused some ... how can I say , stomach issues ... and I was going more frequently so I stepped up my usage of these . BIG MISTAKE !! Within a few months of using them I developed a horrible rash , burning , itching , discomfort and would occasionally have blood on the paper . IT WAS SCARY and PAINFUL . After reading the reviews here I discovered others were having the same problem ! Seems the chemicals here strip away your natural protection down there and cause irritation of the soft tissue and cause inflammation , irritation and ulcerous patches similar to the symptoms of hemorrhoids . After quitting these wipes cold turkey and using aBalneol Hygienic Cleansing Lotion , 3 oz.for a week my symptoms are almost gone . I ca n't even tell you how horrible these wipes made my life for a couple months.STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS !!!! Edit - Came back to tell you that after a few weeks of not using these I 'm pain and rash free . Thankfully , that long painful experience is over and I will never touch these things again . Good riddance !
 Cottonelle contains a preservative that causes contact dermatitis in those who are allergic . It is extremely uncomfortable and takes a couple of weeks to clear up after you stop using the product . If you have hypersensitivity to chemicals and need something hypoallergenic avoid this like the plague .
 I will never use these again . I am a big advocate of being cautious with what goes in a toilet , so having a granddaughter going through potty training , I bought these wipes on the claim that they are flushable . Well , I guess anything is flushable , but that does n't mean it wo n't clog your toilet . She is n't over that often , so these wipes do n't go down the toilet that often . I first noticed a slow drain , followed by overflow . Fortunately my husband could be a plumber , so we do n't have a huge bill . As I write this , my toilet is sitting in the driveway , and my husband has augered 4 wipes out of the drain , starting with the newest/cleanest at the top , then the next ones at varying depths . Our home is 20 years old , and the toilets are that age also , and this is the first toilet issue we have had . Thanks , Cottonelle . I now have a whole 2 days wasted , a big mess in my bathroom , soiled towels , and extra laundry . We are in Stage 3 drought restrictions here in our community . The city should charge you for the waste of water I have had to use .
 I 've been using these wipes for a long time , thinking they were a great solution , and did n't make a connection between them and the severe itchy rash that I developed after a while in the areas wiped ... I was suffering from the rash for many months and had no clue that these wipes are causing it ! Nothing would help to alleviate the symptoms , since I continued using the wipes , unaware that they are the culprit . It was so frustrating until I read this report which blames the chemicals/preservatives used in these wipes for creating rashes and irritation ! `` The authors of the new report , from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , singled out one chemical -- called methylchloroisothiazolinone or MCI -- as a cause of particular concern . '' `` We voice our concern about MCI -LRB- and the related compound MI -RRB- being used as a preservative in cosmetics , industrial products , and moist toilet paper . '' `` wet wipes are a common cause of allergy . The allergens are almost always preservatives . `` Are n't you sick of all the harmful chemicals the cosmetic industry is dumping on us ??? Did you read the looooong list of chemicals that are in these wipes ? And it says on their label
 This product is way to harsh for what you would expect to use it for . It can clean the stains off you driveway but i would n't use it on any sensitive skin -LRB- again -RRB- . Does not work as well as my regular brand
 These wipes make my booty feel like I 'm sitting on a cactus . Now I rinse the wipe well before I use it , because I hate to throw them away , after paying $ 3 + for them . They feel like a wet corn husk . I will be glad when they are gone .
 I used these wipes alot . After bm and freshing up etc. . . After awhile I started itching in the butthole -LRB- used the most to wipe -RRB- Oh MY GOSH !!! Straight nasty !! I stopped using them and I got 3 packs left . I use baby wipes just to see . Itching still going on a little but easing off . . I use cottenelle wipes now just to clean my toilet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was so ashamed itching like that when I thought I was clean . I have 3 dogs and I want even use them on them ! Horrible .
 DO NOT buy this product if you are lured by the ` convenience ' of a ` flushable ' wipe . These things WILL cause you significant plumbing and septic problems if you flush them , as I just found out . $ 350 later , and the Roto-Rooter technician said you should NEVER flush these things . I was duped by the advertising ... . should have known better . SHAME on Kleenex and the other manufacturers who LIE to the public and leave us to pay the consequences .
 If you want to put a flushable wipe in a pop-up container - find something else . You 'll be digging into the tub trying to re-start the pop-up flow EVERY TIME . This creates a lot of waste . They tear easily , which I expect in a `` flushable wipe . I do n't have a septic system so that does n't matter to me . The reason I gave this product one star is that the product description says you can buy these wipes in the pop-up tub or this refill pack so I assumed they were pop-up refills and they are NOT . Very frustrating and not really a returnable product .
 DO NOT use these wipes . These caused my son a terrible rash with open sores that became infected . These wipes contain a highly-allergenic preservative called MCl which should never be left on the skin !
 My tenant used `` flushable '' wipes and clogged my sewer line . Her toilet backed up and flooded the bathroom . It cost me a lot of money to get the line cleared.Sure , they 'll flush , but they can cause expensive problems .
 After using this product for over a period of time I developed serious burning , itching and pain . After reading another review on this site I realized it was caused by these wipes . I also so glad I found the review . Anyone using it should stop . It may take some time to develop this problem so , if you just started , stop !
 I was VERY hesitant to buy these in the first place having grown up with a deep respect of septic systems and their extremely expensive problems . However , I put my faith in modern technology and honest advertising and told myself that personal comfort was important too . Well , after my septic backed up into my shower -LRB- a few days after flushing a single wipe -RRB- I called Roto Rooter . The first thing the guy said was `` Did you flush any wipes ? '' I said `` No ! Well maybe 1 . '' `` That 's all it takes , '' he said . `` Just one gets hung up inside the old pipes and it 's all downhill from there . '' So my moment of comfort cost me $ 370 !
 I bought a dozen of these diapers after using Bummi 's prefolds for several months because I was looking for something a little cheaper . Well , they were and they are . I 've washed them at least 6 times now -LRB- I only had to wash the Bummis 3 times before they were `` ready for use '' -RRB- and they 're STILL not absorbing well . My son has had many leaks down the leg with them because they 're not absorbing immediately . While very soft now that they 're washed , they have gotten very wrinkly and seem like they 're not going to hold up as long as the Bummi 's Organics because the weave is less tight . I ca n't say I would recommend these . I 'm going back to buy more Bummi 's .
 I compared with one in a hotel in Africa where I saw this product for the first time and the one I received does not work well . The colours change but i dont see the fatty substance , froth , etc , as I get when I use one in another place . I have now relocated to my duty station in Africa and therefore unable to either return or get a better one .
 This unit and it 's advertising is totally bogus . When I tested the until without my feet in it , it became the same merky brown color as it did with my feet . I did several experiments using distilled water and different types of salt , without my feet in it , and it still came out the same . I have experience with commercial ionizers at a holistic clinic I go to . The EB Pro is a unit I have used for a long time . Very expensive to purchase.I am so surprised at the deceptive advertising as well as the deceptive unit . Try this yourself if you have the unit . Run it without your feet in it and watch the brown color come out of the Array -LRB- center unti -RRB- . This is probably the most disappointing product I have purchased from Amazon .
 I purchased this product around Dec. used it 2or 3 it worked g reat , went to use it now in July and it wo n't work the timer goes off as soon as you set it and the water turned murky brown but nothing else was happening . No one wants to give me answers So Buyer Beware
 Please do not purchase the Ion Detoxifying Foot Spa thinking that you will really benefit from it.Water will turn brown regardless of whether your feet are in it or not because the electrical charge going through the cartridge produce rust!It 's a SCAM !
 Do n't waste your money on this hoax that claims to rebalance your body and soul . It is n't scientifically possible for a device like this to remove heavy metals from the body . If you could really detox like this via the sweat glands , would n't technology such as this do away with the need for dialysis altogether ? Think about it.A friend owns this same device and insists that I use it whenever I visit her . I 've used it over a dozen times . It 's entertaining to see the water change colors or see what floats to the top . It is pretty gross at the end of 30 minutes to be sitting with your feet in a bath of cold foamy/slugdy water . Even if you start out with hot water it is cold by the end of 30 minutes . The disposal is even more disgusting . I was curious so just for fun I ran it without putting my feet in it . The water changed color , black particles floated to the top , and there was a layer of sludge.Bottom line , in my opinion , the entertainment value of watching water oxidize before your eyes is n't worth the $ $ $ . Not only is it expensive when you first purchase it , the coils only last for about 20 sessions before they need replacing and you must also purchase ` special ' salt to run the unit . * Updated to add : Bad Science
 do n't waste your money , buy the animal cuts . . i purchased theses believing that i would take lesser amount of pills compared to the cuts , i was wrong . this fat burner does not work , felt no energy , nothing . i was thinking of purchasing the cuts but i did n't want too take all the pills that come in the stack , so i decided to look around read a few reviews about fat burners this came highly regarded a best bang for the buck boy were they wrong .
 ok this pills are like horse pills and they say take four a day . for some people that can be alot but that didnt bother me.its the way it makes made me feel.always thirsty and stomach didnt feel right at times.like it was clogged.only used for 2 days just decided i could deal with how it was making me feel.the good thing was i wasnt very hungry with it and i needed it more for stopping my late night eating.so it does supress eating.overall i give it a two not made with product becasue i didnt pay alot for it and i 'm selling them to a friend.didnt work like any other fat burner ive had and i 've taken alot over the years.if you want to try go for it.i will not be using again happy training everyone .
 rec 'd today and it does not compare with the picture and description that is listed . it is very much smaller than the picture , does n't cover any further than to your ankle .
 I did not like this product because I think the ice coverage has huge gaps which cause parts of the effect areas not to get cold . The shoulder is a very difficult muscle to cover . If you think this will make icing easier , you are mistaken . This is according to my experience .
 This is pictured as if the ice wrap goes half way up the shin , not so it stops right above the ankle . Not happy in the least ... The main reason we order this is because it is pictured so as if it is the ankle and the lower leg .
 I ordered the ice pack to help me deal with physical therapy due to left shoulder problems . It came in yesterday , and I am already unerwhelmed . I do not recommend this product.First
 THIS IS GREAT WHEN YOUR ON OX AT NIGHT AND YOU CANT RUN ANY OTHER ELECTRIC WITH IT
 After using this product for about 4 weeks , there was no more bowel movement . I never experienced any weight loss after continuing to use this product for a total of 8 weeks . New Body does n't offer any guarantee for any of their products , in fact , once you have spent your money you do not have any recourse if you are not satisfied . All of my clients experienced the same results . `` Money Waisted '' I do not recommend anyone to purchase their products SCAM .
 Be forewarned
 *** LOOK AT THE ITEM PICTURE BEFORE ORDERING *** I DID N'T LOOK AT THE PICTURE AND JUST READ THE DESCRIPTION SO I THOUGHT WHAT I WAS ORDERING WAS 2 PACKS WITH 14 TESTS EACH . SHAME ON ME FOR NOT REALIZING THE PICTURE SHOWS THE 7 TEST PACKS . SO I REALLY OVERPAYED FOR JUST 14 TESTS WHEN I COULD HAVE BOUGHT THEM AT MY LOCAL DRUG STORE IN A 20 PACK FOR ONLY $ 38 . I THOUGHT THAT 28 TESTS FOR THE PRICE WAS A GOOD DEAL BUT THE JOKES ON ME . I WILL CONTACT THE SENDER AND LET THEM KNOW THEY SHOULD CHANGE THE DESCRIPTION TO SAY THAT IT IS 2 PACKS WITH 7 TESTS EACH . USUALLY WHEN YOU BUY SOMETHING ON AMAZON IT IS CHEAPER NOT IN THIS CASE , I FEEL DUPED . NEXT TIME I WILL RESEARCH THE ITEM AND DESCRIPTION BEFORE BUYING IT . I CA N'T COMMENT ON THE PRODUCT YET SINCE I JUST RECEIVED IT . UNFORTUNATELY SINCE THE HOLIDAY YESTERDAY I JUST GOT THEM TODAY -LRB- AFTER THE DAY I SHOULD HAVE STARTED TESTING -RRB- AND DID N'T EVEN LOOK AT THE QUANTITY ON THE BOX AND I OPENED IT AND USED 1 TEST SO I CA N'T RETURN THEM NOW .
 After lots of reading and researching I bought clear blue digital ovulation kit -LRB- smiley face -RRB- On the 3 rd day of using digital clearable I got my smiley face . Was very happy !! However , next day and for the few days after that smiley face never went away . After sometime smiley face on a display changed into blinking test picture on the left of the display which means to contact customer serves . Cust . service rep. sent me another kit . as soon as I opened the package I could tell there was something wrong with it . The digital tester was not packed properly and the monitor was already blinking as it was in the previous . I tried to insert stick even in 3 separate occasions running a test but monitor never worked.Lost time and money.P . S THe whole idea with smiley face is very attractive . However , the digital tests are made very cheaply . Hope this will help someone .
 I bought a test but it would n't turn on . Rite Aid would n't take it back . I then bought another . The second one would not turn on . I called the 1-800 number provided on the literature , but they were no help . So now I own two that I can not return but neither works .
 This is NOT ONLY replace strips . Clear Blue does not provide replacement strips for this test . You have to buy a new kit every time , it 's extremely enviromentally unfriendly and irresponsible and I 'm personally going with another brand from now on . Annoyed !!!
 I was very disappointed that the Neon Nits spray they sent is labeled for use on `` dark hair . '' I did n't see this mentioned anywhere before I made the purchase , and my children are all rather fair-haired so this was a waste of money for us.I also wish I had realized that the Lice and Nit Removal Kit that comes with this package is only a lubricant to help remove the nits . It will not kill anything . On the upside , at least its safe!The reason I gave this product any stars was that the Nit Free Terminator comb that it includes does seem very effective . It is rather painful and pulls the kids hair more than I wish , but I ca n't imagine any nit or lice could possibly slip through its tight teeth . You can purchase the Terminator comb separately , however , and save a lot of money .
 This item did not work at all the shampoo did not kill the live bugs and comb did nothing for my daughters hair . I have found the only thing that gets eggs out is pulling them out one by one with your finger nails . Lice are horrible . I have tried to find out how to return this item and e-mailed the seller and no reply , very disappointing.I also ordered pink spray and got white spray and that does nothing for blond hair . I will say they do ship quickly .
 Not sure , it came with paperwork indicating it was made by BatteryBiz . Not sure if they make these batteries for Duracell or not . The battery did not come in Duracell packaging , and it was stamped with white lettering rather than the gold lettering shown . Either way , I charged this up for a few days , put it in the camera and it sat for two days . When I went to turn on the camera the battery was drained ! Not acceptable for me since the Canon batteries would last forever when the camera was off . I sent it back ! Amazon was great about refunding my money , they are great for customer service !
 This battery does n't hold a charge for anywhere near as long as my `` old '' Canon branded batteries . I have to recharge them as often as batteries that are nearing their end of life cycle . I thought that Duracell brand would be better than the `` no brands '' I bought once before that were nearly useless . Back to Canon only I guess because battery life is very important to me .
 Lasted two recharge cycles . Will not take a charge . The original Canon battery lasted four years and many recharge cycles . Recommend against purchasing this product .
 The back has a heavy white plastic which does not permit a comfortable fit for my neck . If the back portion was the same as the front , the product would be more beneficial .
 I had such high hopes from the other reviewers here but these little pills caused me such stomach aches I had to flush the rest down the toilet . I took them as prescribed for over a week ... did n't make me regular , instead it made me sick to my stomach . Buyer beware .
 I have been using Biotene Toothpaste for many years but my Pharmacy stopped carrying it so I went to Amazon.com to buy more and what I received was very disappointing . The expiration date on the 4 pack toothpaste tube was early 2013 and when I opened it the color was dark and did not lighten up much as I got rid of the first part of the tube as compared to the last of the tube I purchased from CVS that was almost empty . I tried the other tubes and got the same results . Also , the toothpaste had no body too it and collapsed into the tooth brush bristles . Very disappointed and have not been able to find it at any drugstore , grocery store , Wal-Mart or Target .
 I was so excited when I ordered this as I am transitioning to a more organic lifestyle and I wanted to try a non-SLS toothpaste also because I never really liked them . This toothpaste basically collapses when you put it on the brush , meaning that you have to reapply it to each area you want to clean . After about one to two weeks of use I noticed that my teeth were turning yellow ! I want to be healthy but will not compromise and have yellow teeth . I am going to tryTom 's of Maine Clean and Gentle Care , Peppermint with Fluoride , 4.7 Ounce -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- next but in the meanwhile I will be using my old Crest/Colgate toothpaste . I am scared to find out what the dentist/hygenist will say when I go to my check-up in about two months . I hope using the commercial toothpaste will reduce or eliminate the yellow spots . Also just FYI , I eat very healthy and do not drink coffee so it is not like I am promoting the yellow via my diet .
 Stacker 2 and 3 were good only when they contained ephedra with 25mg ephedrine alkaloids . As a matter of fact , it is the ephedra that actually made the brand popular . Science has proven that when ephedrine alkaloids from real Ephedra , Ma Huang and Sida Cordifolia is combined with Caffeine -LRB- Kola Nut , Guarana , Yerba Mate , Green Tea -RRB- and Aspirin -LRB- White Willow Bark -RRB- , the product becomes a strong thermogenic diet which will raise metabolism -LRB- helps your body burn more fat at rest -RRB- , give stimulating energy , suppress appetite and burn excess body fat . Without the Ephedrine Alkaloids in the new Stacker 3 formula which is ephedra free , the product is basically an overpriced caffeine pill . I recommend getting the Heat or EphBurn 25 which are products most similar to the original Stacker 2 and 3 with the original ephedra ingredients . You can also combine this ephedra free formula Stacker 3 with the Pure Ephedrine PE25 . You can get those at thatswholesale , comStacker 3 also contains chitosan which is derived from shellfish . It is not recommended for those who are allergic to seafood . Chitosan was a fad diet and proven scientifically that it does absorb negligible amounts of fat but also absorbs nutrients that the body needs . So be careful . Go for Stacker 2 and Pure Ephedrine PE25 instead or the Heat/EphBurn 25 .
 I took this supplement yesterday morning and have felt my pulse racing , heightened blood pressure , nausea and anxiety and an overall strange nervous feeling ever since . I can not believe how extremely `` off '' I feel right now is almost just as intense when it first hit me yesterday . Maybe I have a different reaction than most but if a lot of others experience this feeling -- I can not understand how this supplement is available to the public when its side effects make me feel so ill and nervous . I feel like this could send some more delicate people into cardiac arrest !
 I dont recommend using this product.It is not effective for weight loss.I suspect the increased heart rate and blood pressure after taking this product is quite dangerous !
 I took these once a day for five days with meals . On the fifth day I started experiencing serious side effects like dizzyness , numbness in my fingers , and rapid heartbeat . These side effects lasted for almost THREE DAYS after taking it . I felt like I was going to have a stroke or a heart attack . This product is not approved by the FDA , so use it at your own risk !
 Now I try to limit my caffeine intake to the bare minimum , like in tea . I do not drink coffee . So when I took Stacker 3 -LRB- just ONE PILL -RRB- I was jittery and could not fall asleep . I stayed wide awake the whole night and through the day . I felt nauseus too . Now this was probably because I do n't drink coffee or anything that has a lot of caffeine in it , but I do n't recommend Stacker 3 anyway .
 Worked for the first week or two but after that not so much . I am switching back to stacker 2 .
 More or less , a hoax . None of these things quite honestly WORK and they 're very expensive to buy . Not impressed at all .
 I take the stacker 2 and it works great ... but watch out for Stacker 3 ... it has Chitosan ... an ingredient made from shells from shellfish ... and that gave me instant nausea and vomiting . So , if you have shellfish allergies , DO NOT take this stuff . Even if you dont have shellfish allergies -LRB- I do n't ! -RRB- use caution . I am certain that it was the cause of my reaction , and it ai n't pretty !
 This product must work for some people but obviously not for everyone . I started this 1 month ago , using it as directed with normal diet & regular exercise , & I 've gained 8 pounds ! On the up side , the price was low ordering thru Amazon , so I would recommend if you 're really interested go ahead & try it , maybe it will work for you .
 The points of the tweezers are not sharp . They are blunt and unlikely to remove small slivers .
 I am not sure about this product to tell you the truth , its very confusing , i will update you with the result soon , i am still testing whats happening
 As several other reviewers have stated these batteries start out strong but fade very quickly . For the first 4 or 5 charges they performed brilliantly , powering my digital camera with ease and allowing me to take many photos . Then came the sudden drop in performance . I was lucky to get 10 quick shots off before the batteries died . Now they wo n't even power the little wireless mouse I use with my laptop , much less power up a digital camera.I have no idea if there are better alternatives out there but I urge you not to waste your money on these .
 Someone was asleep with testing and packaging these batteries , which were dead . The charger did n't seem to be working either after an overnight charging session . It was one of those rare lemons with Energizer , which other batteries I bought were perfectly fine . I 'll wait for a fresh shipment before reordering this !
 I have bought approximately 12 of these batteries , and have 2 different Energizer chargers . These batteries are never charged when I reach for them less than a month later . The batteries also do n't work in certain high-drain devices , such as a remote controlled car . I am really disappointed in them , and they were pretty expensive .
 I bought this charger and after probably 20 Uses it STOPPED WORKING !!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . . Batteries suck and Charger SUCKS even more !!
 The batteries work well , BUT the charger can only charge in multiples of two , making you have to charge more batteries than you need to if you only need to charge an odd number . That 's probably bad for the batteries . Many toys etc. now require odd numbers of batteries , and you ca n't charge odd numbers of batteries ! Very disappointing . Also , there 's only one battery charge indicator light for all four batteries , so detecting problems in one or two batteries is difficult .
 I opened the package and plugged in the unit , following all instructions . The batteries never charged , i tried moving them to different outlets , even tried an old charger . Still the batteries did not charge . I asked for and received a refund .
 I bought this kit for a work compact digital camera . They seemed to work OK for the first two charges . Then I 'd get batteries where only one or two out of four were adequately charged . I 'd have to keep swapping the batteries until I found the two strongest . Not sure if its a charger or battery problem , but either way , they 're not worth the raw materials they 're made of ! And no , I did n't have a multimeter at my disposal to check the voltages .
 broke down after using it for 3 times , take 's for ever to charge ! waste of money
 I purchased this compact Energizer AA/AAA charger about 4 years ago to replace my unwieldy Energizer universal charger , which worked with AA , AAA , C , D , and 9V . -LRB- Turns out I only use AA and AAA batteries . -RRB- This charger is compact and has a sleek design , but the technology now lags far behind the competition . In fact , I am surprised to see that the exact same product I bought in 2005 is still available!Charger pros : - Compact-Sleek designCharger cons : - Only charges in pairs-Charges based on time , not battery charge -LRB- a.k.a. `` dumb '' charger -RRB- - Does not work internationally -LRB- 120V rather than 100-240V -RRB- - Full charge takes 8.5 hours -LRB- must leave in wall overnight -RRB- - Only one light to indicate full charge for all 4 batteries-Light goes from green to off , not from red to green -LRB- confusing -RRB- Battery pros : - AA 2500mAh rating lasts a long time during a single use -LRB- e.g. , a full day of photography -RRB- - Included batteries have lasted 4 years without excessive memory lossBattery cons : - AA 2500mAh rating can not be paired with AA 2450mAh , which is the rating for Energizer 's standalone battery packs-Batteries have high drain when not in use , unlike newer low self-discharge designsIf you are going to go with an inexpensive battery charger , consider a 100-240V Duracell , Kodak , or Sanyo charger with better charge time instead . You can purchase these chargers alone or in combination with low self-discharge rechargeable batteries , which are better than those included here . A value pack from Sanyo , for example , costs less than this Energizer pack and includes a `` smart '' -LRB- charge-based , not time-based -RRB- charger!Ultimately , this item is obsolete . Buyer beware .
 I got the batteries for my canon powershot and they lasted quite a long time but after recharging them a few times , the battery life got shorter and shorter until now , when even though they 've been sitting in the charger until the light indicates it 's done , when I put them into my camera it still says `` Change the batteries '' .
 These were the first rechargeable batteries I bought . They worked fine for a while , but recently I had a second battery fail so I am now down to two working batteries . I 'm using a higher end La Crosse charger , so I ca n't even blame the failures on the cheap recharger provided w / the set . I 've since gone w / the Sanyo Eneloops and am having much better luck w / those.When buying rechargeable batteries the idea is that you can reuse them over an extended period and these just do n't seem to perform . I 'd recommend you spend a bit more and get a better quality product .
 This charger is very sensitive and malfunctions periodically where it wo n't charge even Energizer batteries let alone other brands . The lights just blink constantly as if the batteries are defective but they are n't because they charge on another charger . Plus the batteries that came with it did n't last very long . Wo n't buy Energizer products again .
 I 've gone through several iterations of rechargeable batteries and chargers but never had a problem . I have 2 chargers that still work but the batteries are n't easily obtainable.This piece of junk worked fine twice
 I bought this charger because I was sick of constantly buying new batteries and always finding I was out . This charger was very reasonably priced and came with a decent number of batteries.The first issue I had was that you can not charge only one battery at a time , which sucked because a couple of my remotes use only one battery , and when it dies , I either have to find a match to charge with it -LRB- which may not even need a charge and could risk overcharging -RRB- , or simply find an unused , previously charged one ... of course , the latter option renders me battery-less once the second one runs down and I can then finally recharge both.The second problem is that if you are n't extremely careful , the plugs in the back -LRB- that go into the outlet -RRB- flip up , and if you are n't completely certain that they are all the way down , it can compromise the charge process . In addition , batteries seem to `` snap '' into place , but they may not actually be in the charging spot entirely , therefore not getting charged at all.Perhaps the worst problem of all , however , is not just the brief life of these batteries -LRB- I 've gotten longer life out of old dollar store batteries -RRB- , but the fact that despite the fact that the charger runs the full 8 + hours , I 've taken batteries out and put them in my digital camera or cordless mouse only to have the `` low battery '' lights/indicators immediately come on . Multiple times , I have ensured that the LED light came on , that it was still on several hours later , and so on . Even so , it seems that the batteries either do not hold a charge at all or they must be run through the charger several times before they are finally `` fully '' charged.I would say the hassle I 've endured as a result of buying/using this charger was greater than the convenience it gave me , but it gave me no convenience to compare the hassle to ... Save your money , or at least blow it on traditional Alkalines that you 'll be assured work and will last a decent length of time .
 This is one of those products that have a high frustration level . I 'm not convinced that my batteries are getting fully charged , they seem weak after being in this charger . My advice is to look elsewhere for a charger , I 'm checking out the reviews for one myself .
 This is my second Energizer battery charger . It simply does n't work well . The green light system is confusing & poorly documented in the instructions . I 'd like to use rechargeable batteries & avoid waste but until these things start working reliably , I 'll be buying disposable batteries . Sorry , Earth .
 Aside from some of the operational difficulties other purchasers experienced , I would add that this little puppy ca n't handle power fluctuations . We had it on during a slight `` dip '' in our electric to thehouse -LRB- the kind where the lights dim for about 2 seconds -RRB- and blotto , this guy died .
 I 've been a huge fan of rechargable batteries for the last 10 years or so for daily use in items such as discmans , cameras and wireless controllers.That said , I 've been through a few different brands with no complaints -- until now . The Energizer compact charger is just a poorly designed and manufactured product . I would know -- I bought two of them thinking the first one was just faulty.The main problem with the charger is that it only sporadically provides an adequate connection to charge the batteries . It works about 50 % of the time with the AA 's , but I 've yet to ever get the AAA dock to successfully charge a battery with either of the two Energizer chargers I bought . I 've never had this problem with any of the other chargers I 've had in the past , and it 's extremely annoying to pop a freshly charged set of batteries into your items only to realize they had n't been charged.Avoid this charger .
 What Amazon.com sends you is the `` Compact '' Energizer Charger and not the `` Overnight '' Charger pictured here . The Compact charger charges AA batteries in 4 hours @ 720 MAH while the overnight charges them in 8 hours @ 300 MAH . Longer charging time is better for your rechargable batteries as they will last longer this way . I returned mine .
 I ca n't believe energizer would match this charger to thier batteries ! It will destroy the batteries that it comes with in about four charges . The 8 hour charge is WAY too long , they COULD have inserted a temperature circuit to cut charge if any of the batteries get too warm.We should send this unit back to energizer with its destroyed batteries .
 There are 4 slots in this charger , and you can not charge one battery at a time , it has to be 3 or more batteries . It takes 6-8 hours to recharge the batteries ! There are far better chargers out there for the same price as this .
 Sold at Sams with 8 AA and 4 AAA batterys . The clue about how this charger works is in the instruction sheet
 I just pulled four batteries out of the charger and put them in my camera , and the camera reported that they were dead . The batteries are brand-new Energizer 2500mAh and the charger is brand-new . The batteries and charger have worked for about a month or so , no problems.Then why are n't the batteries charged ? The huge gaping problem is , as far as I can tell , NOT that the batteries have suddenly gone bad , but that the charger charges batteries , then stops charging them after a certain time to prevent overcharging , then -- THAT 'S IT . From then on the charger does NOTHING , unless you unplug it and plug it back in . So in other words , once the charger has fully charged the batteries , then the charger in effect very helpfully DRAINS them until they 're dead . If you switch out your batteries every day , then this is not a problem , but if you do n't need them for a few days or weeks at a time like me , then you 're going to have to deal with the baffling paradox of how it is possible to get dead batteries from a live , plugged-in battery charger.How is this useful ? When you get your batteries out of a charger , you expect them to be fully charged , am I wrong ? The charger apparently does n't have something called a ` trickle charger ' , which keeps the batteries at full capacity . I have n't bought a battery charger in ten years , are you telling me that after all this time , this is still not a standard feature ??? That 's what I get for expecting technology to improve.Correct me if I 'm wrong , people . Am I using it wrong ? You put batteries in the right way , plug it in , leave it alone , and later you come back and get your freshly charged batteries , right , that is the correct way to operate this complex equipment , right ? There 's not more to it than that ? Okay , just checking.My recommendation
 You are better off buying throwaways than this charger . The Energizer 15 minute charger gets your batteries pretty hot and they don ; t last as long as a charger that takes longer , but it 's a far better choice than this one .
 I like the physical design of this product , which is why I bought it . The problem is it is not a smart charger - it will charge your batteries for a preset time even if they do n't need it , which damages the batteries . After a few months of that , now my batteries all have 10 % of the life they used to . I did n't understand the problem until doing a lot of research on it . I think Energizer should be sued for selling this thing without a warning .
 This product worked about 3 weeks . Green lite quit functioning almost immediately and sometimes the batteries never get charged or else charger not working at all anymore.Don ' t waste your money on this one !!!! Spend a little more and try Duracell or another brand .
 I bought this item which came with 2 batteries to charge come to find out you must fill the unit in order to charge . So I had to buy more rechargeable batteries in order to use this product . Then I find out the unit does n't work period . I tried to return it but once the package is open it can not be returned . I called Energizer and basically they told me they were `` sorry '' but there 's nothing they could do and they could not refund any of my money . I wish I had just spent the money on regular batteries !
 Well , it worked as advertised the first four or five times I used it . Now its dead . Tried everything imaginable to make it work . Nope . Nada . Just will not charge my batteries at all . Should have read the reviews here first . Just stay away from this product .
 Order this only to discover that the image and description did n't match what was being sold on this page ! I received a completely different charger that had the capacity to charge only one 9-volt battery at a time , rather than the two I had wanted . I 'm sure this is a decent charger But not for my use right now . Very Disappointed in Target !!!
 Only used this product for maybe 2-3 weeks and did not notice any significant changes in my blood pressure -LRB- bp -RRB- . My bp is normally controlled , aside from the occassional high reading when I eat something too salty , but I wanted to use these to perhaps cut the dosage of my blood pressure medication . One thing I can say is that this vitamin does make me tired due to the Valerian Root , I assume ; but the main thing these vitamins cause is VERY frequent trips to the bathroom . These vitamins contain herbs that act as diuretics , so every hour on the hour , and sometimes even more , I had to urinate . It also made my urine an odd color as well . I have stopped taking these vitamins due to this reason as I can not even take the train home for 30 minutes without `` having to go '' .3 / 4/12
 I was very frustrated because it seemed like a promising product . But what dingbat would put valerian root in this ? It put me to sleep . Get rid of the valerian root !!
 I used it for two weeks and my blood pressure went up!However , I ca n't blame this OTC product because Rx medications have n't done so well either.In general , I 've found Futurebiotics products to be good and effective .
 I ordered these vitamins for my soy allergic daughter -- both Amazon and the Nature 's Plus website have these children 's chewables listed as free from all common allergens , including soy . When I received my order , however , the label on the bottle clearly states they contain soy and casein . I called Nature 's Plus to clarify . The representative I spoke with said the label is correct and that some Animal Parade vitamins are soy free but this one is not.If it were n't for my anger at mis-representation on the Nature 's Plus website I would rate these vitamins a full 5 stars . They smell and taste just like a vanilla shake and are not chalky . If you have no allergy concerns , then they are a great kid 's vitamin .
 Amazon and their supporting Businesses , ABC Wholesale and AmericaRx , are misrepresenting this product .1 . It no longer contains Acetaminophen and now contains Aspirin .2 . You may order one version of Alka-Seltzer Plus in one flavor and get a different variant in another flavor.Unacceptable , Amazon please clean up your illegal representation .
 I was puzzled when IDS was dropped by bodybuilding.com and I bought it from another vendor.New packaging and totally new formula.If you can call shit a formula.Cholesterol jumped from 8 to 40 mg ?! Fat 1g . to 3.5 g.Carb 5g . to 7g . And calories jumped to 150 a scoop.AND IT TASTES LIKE ASS !!! Sicky sweet and no chocolate or vanilla flavour.Really IDS ? Really ?! No freakin love .
 this is NOT the same product/ingredients as purchased several times in the past in the 5 lb container . VERY DISAPPOINTED . ~ now `` stuck '' with 10 lbs of it ! gritty taste ... does n't mix properly ... can not mix with plain yogurt ... . DO N'T be fooled !!
 THIS PRODUCT IS MISLABELED.IF YOU HAVE A SENSITIVE STOMACH , BEWARE !! Although the container prominently proclaims the product to be `` Gluten Free '' , it certainly is not.I have tried several probiotic brands before -LRB- 8-10 -RRB- , this is the first one that made me sick . FOR DAYS . Each time I took a pill I felt sick to my stomach and had the same reactions I have when I ingest gluten . But the box says `` gluten free '' so I thought I was having a die-off reaction . Until day after day , I had symptoms that I ONLY have with gluten exposure.I googled `` gluten '' with `` Primal Defense '' , and sure enough tons of gluten sensitive individuals report that they have gotten glutened from this product.Shame on Garden of Life . I spent my hard earned money on your product to try to improve my health . Instead your product has caused damage to my digestive system for weeks.Garden of Life has high quality products , I 've tried others before . Please , please , fix your labels . Do n't make people sick .
 I bought this product after reading all the good reviews thinking it would help me also . At first I had the usual bloating that was expected . I took it for about 3 weeks . I only took one scoop a day . I developed a red spotted rash under both eyes with hives ! I was shocked when I saw it in the mirror ! I also purchased their multi for women so I did n't know what was causing it . I stopped the multi first ... no change . Sadly I had to stop the Primal Defense and the next day my rash was half gone . I do n't know what they put in it , but I 'm apparently allergic to it . I 've never had a reaction to probiotics like that . Must be the controversial soil bugs . . maybe we 're not supposed to eat dirt ? I hope this is helpful for anyone who is sensitive to supplements like I am and have this reaction . So far I seem to be the only one who has . I 'm going back to acidophilus !
 On a few occasions over the last 12 years I have used this product because back at the beginning of that time span an ` alternative health '' MD recommended it for some IBS symptoms.In every case I limited my use of the product to one or two tablets total in one day , then waited for the effects to manifest . In most cases , for about a day I felt mildly ill - like a mild case of flu affecting my gut and my overall energy level , with some weakness and achiness in muscles & joints . However , after a day or so the digestive symptoms that caused me to take the product in the first place did seem to improve.Now , however -LSB- late December 2010 -RSB- I took the product - just one caplet - and shortly thereafter had serious cognitive impairment unlike anything I have ever had . Dizziness is quite pronounced , along with mild tinitis -LSB- ears ringing/noises -RSB- and a bit of thinking fog or ` brain fog ' . This all sent me to searching for side effects . On the web you will find some serious doctors questioning the safety of this product and any product containing high concentrations of HSO 's . None of such have been thoroughly tested in humans and the longterm effects of HSO 's in humans may be unpredictable because the organisms persist in the body and morph , adapting genetic material into their cell structure.Also , another reviewer mentioned `` FDA '' action against the company and its principle . I do n't see FDA involvement but there is an action by the FTC to stop deceptive advertising practices for the product . You can find a pdf of this complaint on the web .
 The product states it is gluten free , however it contains barley and oat grass , which can be gluten free , but if there are seeds present it will absolutely contain gluten . This product made me sick for weeks until I finally figured out what I was consuming that contained gluten , after reading other reviews .
 I too spent my hard earned money on this stuff beleiving all Dr Jordan Rubin said , and ended up with worse digestiveproblems like I have never had before in all my 50 years!The bloating and gas were so horrible it caused me to miss work!Does the term `` Swamp gas '' conjure up what I am talking about?so so horrible.Maybe it doesnt do that to everyone , but this was how it affected me andat first I just could n't beleive it was this product . But when I discontinued , it stopped . Then Ithought maybe I should try just one more pill and sure enough ! PAIN ! GAG ! HORROR!DO NOT buy this stuff !! If you do , do n't say I did n't warn you !! I now take bifidis and lactobaccillus and all is well !
 I 've suffered through years of digestive disorders and bought a large ` stockpile ' of this product , believing it would help . I started at one tablet/day and slowly worked my way up to 3 tabs 3x/day . The results ? Absolutely nothing ! It failed to improve anything ! I was pretty shocked/disappointed . For those of you wondering , I stayed on this regime for several months ; I gave it plenty of time to work its magic but to no avail . This is not a cheap supplement either ! A lot of money wasted for nothing!I did discover later that I was low in stomach acid which might explain why it did n't work . Perhaps I was n't even absorbing any of it ; but after being on betaine for quite some time and trying this product again -LRB- I still had 2 bottles left over -RRB- it still made no difference . Perhaps I need to try the ` Ultra ' formula , but at this point I 'm pretty jaded/doubtful it will work.UPDATE
 I had been taking Primal Defense for almost a week , when I started getting nasty symptoms of being glutened . At first I could n't figure out what the trigger was . I 've been gluten-free for 12 years , and I 'm a rigorous label-reader . Then I double-checked this product , the only new addition to my diet . It actually says `` vegetarian , gluten-free '' on the label , so it looks safe . But there 's also this tiny asterisk on the nutrition percentages label that says , `` The culture medium for probiotics is dairy ; bacterial proteases utilize WHEAT , dairy , and soy . Culture mediums are generally consumed during the fermentation process . `` Not good enough , Primal Defense . Fix that label ASAP . Many celiac chat rooms show complaints like mine.So I 'm tossing my bottle . Definitely NOT gluten-free . They may make a great probiotic , but if you are CELIAC , STAY AWAY .
 I researched HSOs and became concerned when I read that they are effective at killing candida etc BUT they colonize your digestive system and then stay there forever ! There are safer ways to address candida , I believe , with non-colonizing organisms or the kinds of organisms that are normally found in balance in our bodies .
 Soil organisms for human consumption have had very little study in the USA and in Europe they are strictly regulated for use only in livestock . I took this product for a few years , and I think it may have contributed to the severe bacterial overgrowth of my small intestine . Do a lot of research before taking any probiotic as not all strains are suitable for everyone . The exception is possibly acidophilus , and even bifidus can become pathogenic in immune compromised people . I feel this product should be pulled until further research is done on it .
 product was as stated , but subscription price was just for first purchase -- then it went up . The fine print says they will ship without telling you that the price has gone up .
 Seller did send product but it was not in the form we ordered . Normally it would not have been an issue except for that the person taking these can not tolerate capsules and needed the caplets we ordered .
 This is my first bad experience with the Garden of Life product line . It 's probably more Amazon.com 's fault for a bad description . The ingredient list on Amazon 's website does not state that this product contains rice maltodextrin , which is a cheap filler that is used in low quality products . Also , these are not capsules . The website uses the ambiguous term `` caplets . '' This product comes in standard tablet/pill form ; it is not in capsules allowing for sprinkling onto food . Caplet is a misleading term . I would not recommend this product or purchase it again .
 Anyone that can package dirt in a tablet and convince people to buy it for $ 40 is a genius.His products are over-hyped marketing at it 's best.This product did n't do anything for me and it does n't say on the label how many live cultures there are in this product.He also ads ingredients to it that actually do harm like Magnesium Stearate.None of his products have ever done anything for me & I wo n't waste my time with his junk ever again.When I first took his junk I was sick and vulnerable but now that my head is clear I can see how he spins hismarketing campaign with fancy words that sound great but do n't mean a darn thing . `` homeostatic '' ? ha-haThat 's a good one . Am I really supposed to believe this guy that bought some online degrees is telling me the truth?The `` credentials '' he has are from schools with no campuses.He is a business man that wants to make money and he does do that.Everything about this product is BS.Now go take your `` dirt pill '' , I 'm sorry , `` homeostatic soil organism pill '' , give me a break!Once I blindly followed some nutritional advice , I drank Kombucha tea , it gave me Crohns.I 'll never do it again and you will be much better off to stick with proven science instead of high pressure , high powered marketing.Try Mercola or one of the other probiotics that state how many live cultures are in it and do n't try and confuse you with made up words .
 look up jordan rubin scam you will see his credential are fake he said he he earned degrees in nutrition but he lied he bought fAKE DEGREES . and his story is a fake made up for money . he cant prove he was sick . and his company cant prove his story , he was fined by the fda over 200.000 thousand go look it up he is no expert he lies like one so becarful in takeing anything he sells or garden of life . so buyer beware
 FDA warned Jordan Rubin -LRB- Maker 's Diet -RRB- Consumer Health Digest # 04-25 Your Weekly Update of News and Reviews June 22 , 2004 ` Maker 's Diet ' author tied to illegal supplement marketing . The FDA has ordered Garden of Life of West Palm Beach , Florida , to stop making unsubstantiated claims for ` Q-Zyme , '' Primal Defense , ' ` Virgin Coconut Oil , ' ` Fungal Defense , ' ` FYI -LRB- For Your Inflammation -RRB- , ' ` RM-10 , ' ` Revivall Classic , ' or other products . -LSB- Singleton ER . Warning letter to Robert U. Craven . May 11 , 2004 -RSB- The company was founded by Jordan S. Rubin , ` NMD , PhD , CNC , ' who claims to have cured himself of ` intestinal parasites , severe Candida , extreme anemia , food allergies , diabetes , excruciating abdominal pain , chronic diarrhea , poor circulation , liver problems , chemical sensitivities , chronic fatigue , fibromyalgia , arthritis , insomnia , hair loss , prostate and bladder infections , irregular heartbeat , eye inflammation , and chronic depression . ' Rubin 's credentials have no legitimate academic or professional standing
 Received Sea to Shinning Sea and am very disappointed . The first disc the sounds vary greatly . First it loud , then very soft so that you are constantly changing the volume . The quality of the sound is poor . I should have sent it back , but I did n't want to take the time , therefore that is my fault . I would be very very hesitant of buy anything else from Reader 's Digest Music.Cynthia Towslee
 I really ca n't rate these as I have n't seen any difference in myself.I have been eating differently along with this product.I do n't know what they are supposed to make me feel like.Garden of Life Primal Defense HSO Probiotics Formula , Caplets , 180-Count Bottle
 This toothpaste has very little flavor , and what it does have is n't the least bit refreshing . It does n't leave my mouth feeling clean , either . Jason Natural 's Healthy Mouth Tea Tree toothpaste is much better .
 I had been using this toothpaste for a while when I started developing tonsilitis . If you search blue or green algae you 'll see that it is also called cyanobacteria .
 These vitamins go down okay provided you do n't inhale the pungent aroma of a steaming cow pile when you open the bottle . Good thing I 'm not pregnant -LRB- yet -RRB- or I 'd pass out and barf every time I opened the bottle . If I 'm lucky enough to get knocked up , I 'll definitely be switching brands . Another bummer is you have to take 2 capsules instead of just one . I 've never had such a smelly bottle of vitamins !
 I used to swear by New Chapter Pre-Natals until they were purchased by Proctor & Gamble . I tried these with my current pregnancy and my nausea was unbelievable , even when I took them at night with a full stomach . I just switched to Rainbow Light . If you tend to be sensitive to vitamins , pick one based in whole food .
 My mother ordered these vitamins after running out of my others for pre-conception . These pills are very large and you need to take two of them which can be hard to remember for a pregnant woman . . or non pregnant woman ! It 's hard to schedule them in sometimes because I 'm usually busy in the afternoon , as I normally just took the one tablet as I woke up . These also have made me vomit on many many occasions , with or without food . It 's especially bad with milk . I find that I have to take them right after a meal -LRB- and I mean right after or they make me vomit -RRB- with a glass of water . If I take them right before food , they make me vomit and if I take them in the middle of a meal they will either induce vomiting or dry heaving.The last pills I took at the same amount of vitamins in a much smaller capsule , were much cheaper and only had to take one a day . I would advise looking to other options before settling on this one . They 're more trouble than they 're worth .
 Watch out ! Most of these over-the-counter vitamins put in way too much vitamin a , which is known to cause birth defects .
 It tastes pretty bad . It has this metal like taste to it , that leaves you `` BLAH `` ing afterwards.I would go with Omni Nutrition -LRB- ON -RRB- Strawberry instead . -LRB- That 's the only one I can compare it to since that 's the only other strawberry flavor I 've tried -RRB- It does n't mix that well either.I have n't tried other flavors of this product though -LRB- but given how bad this one tastes I 'm not sure I 'd want to either -RRB- .
 The is the worst whey protein I have ever tasted ! It tastes like shredded cardboard with a bit of chocolate and coffee . Do not buy this ! Champion Nutrition is still the best tasting whey protein in the market .
 This product is more of a raspberry cream . Far too much french vanilla flavor . And far too little raspberry . I will have to keep looking for a replacement for Designer Whey Raspberry -LRB- discontinued -RRB- this is not it !!
 I was excited to try this as advertised . Amazon had the best price.The vibrating belt felt like it was doing something to abs , and themassage mode was good on the back . But then it stopped cold dead.The LED control showed working but the heater/motor did n't respond.Disappointed , I was pleased to get a replacement . But again , aftertwice weeks of once-daily use , it also just stopped in mid-use . I think the belt is too heavy and the controls are awkward . Probablyit is the ` heating ' element that burns out the motor . Sad , becauseI wanted to see some results after a few months of use . Oh well , I still am on my diet and doing lots more sit-ups now instead . Ratherthan ` shaking ' 10-minutes on left flab and another 10-minutes on myright flab and another 10 minutes on abs , I spend 30-minutes doingREAL exercise and feel better about that anyway .
 This is one of those automatic massagers . This should not be marketed for what it claims to be . If you want a massage type belt , this is it . If you think this will make you lose poundage around the waste area , forget it .
 I ordered ONE mashage unit and I received one and started using it . We used it twice and it quit working . The next day we received another one and started using it . It is still working but I was charged for two and there is no phone number or information on guarante on the unit . I would like to return one of the units but the is no phone number any were to get a authorizion number and address of where to return it to .
 I thought I had read other reviews that said this product was specially formulated to dissolve easily in liquid -LRB- even water -RRB- and I figured natural flavor would be largely tasteless . I 've tried everything and this stuff is still disgusting ! It does NOT dissolve , no matter now much you blend , shake , let sit , etc. . There will always be clumps . More importantly , you can ALWAYS taste the off-spoiled milk taste of this product . Even in shakes , it makes the shakes extra foamy and is hard to swallow . The ONLY luck I 've had using this is putting it in pancake batter -LRB- beware , as it makes the pancakes burn , as it changes the property of the batter -RRB- . Very disappointing . I feel misled by other users ' product reviews and have no idea what I 'm going to do with the huge tub of this stuff now .
 My old Panasonic Shaver served me well for years , but this New Ultra Dry has not worked near as well . The batteries do not last too long and the shave is not good on my medium thick beard .
 Age 63 WASP beard wo n't be cut by this razor . Hairs growing on your neck under your chin wo n't be trimmed . Very spotty cutting on cheeks . We returned this razor for a full credit from Amazon .
 These condoms are distributed FREE by NYC to organizations who sign an agreement agreeing to then distribute them FREE to people who need them . You are not meant to apply for these free condoms and then turn around and sell them online , and mark up the shipping cost to over $ 6 . They are taking advantage of a non-profit program set up to help at-risk people and they should be ashamed of themselves .
 This product is more of a raspberry cream . Far too much french vanilla flavor . And far too little raspberry . I will have to keep looking for a replacement for Designer Whey Raspberry -LRB- discontinued -RRB- this is not it !!
 It tastes pretty bad . It has this metal like taste to it , that leaves you `` BLAH `` ing afterwards.I would go with Omni Nutrition -LRB- ON -RRB- Strawberry instead . -LRB- That 's the only one I can compare it to since that 's the only other strawberry flavor I 've tried -RRB- It does n't mix that well either.I have n't tried other flavors of this product though -LRB- but given how bad this one tastes I 'm not sure I 'd want to either -RRB- .
 The is the worst whey protein I have ever tasted ! It tastes like shredded cardboard with a bit of chocolate and coffee . Do not buy this ! Champion Nutrition is still the best tasting whey protein in the market .
 I purchased this shaver because I have sensitive skin and thought this would eliminate the bumps while giving me a really close , smoothe shave . While the irritaion was less , the shave was not close . Good for winter when the legs are n't too exposed but in general not worth the purchase bc the shave is not close . You feel the stubles as soon as your done .
 I have n't bought many such toys before , so I did n't want to spend too much unnecessarily . When I opened this one , I could tell immediately why people spend the extra money . The smell was extremely unappetizing , and would n't wash off . I 've read a number of conflicting suggestions about what to do , but I do n't hold out much hope .
 Save your money . Buy vitamins from swanson or puritan for men .
 I should have listened to the reviews on this one as they were not too high ! It is very cheap , more for a dollar store ! The only thing sesame street about it is a big sticker on the front , big deal ... . It never closes tight and the wipes dry out all the time ! Very very poor item , unusal for Amazon as I buy so much from Amazon and eveything is always great ! Not this item , do n't waste your money !
 If I had been able to see this in person before I bought it , I would n't have paid $ 0.99 , let along $ 8.99 . It does n't stay closed - there is n't a latch or anything . Without a rubber band to hold it closed , this thing is completely useless . AVOID !!
 I think that the company did not send me aftershave . I believe that they sent to me a collonge called Swisss Army `` Tester '' . I love Swiss Army products . Thank you
 This product was advertised as an after-shave lotion . A lotion to me , means sort of a creamy and moisturizing product . This is NOT a lotion , but rather a regular old splash-on aftershave.Product is fine if that 's what you want , but I was looking for a creamy type after shave lotion/balm . Many times Amazon lacks the detailed descriptions of products , so when ordering you are playing a guessing game.Disappointed !
 This was one of the first lip treatments Neosporin made . I bought it hoping it would give the results it promised and I hoped for . Sadly it did n't give the results I hoped for . It may have worked for others , but not for me . It goes on really thin and I had to reapply within 15-20 minutes later . This cycle was repeated until I went and bought another lip balm . If you need relief from dry lips , I would personally forgo this product and try something different .
 It might not be the product , it could jut be my reaction to it , but I got really ill . So I 'm sorry , but I ca n't recommend it .
 I 'm lactose intolerant so most nutrion shakes are out of the question for me . I really do n't like the taste of soy . So I was really excited when I found this . I thought , `` gee , what a great alternative ! '' ... And then I tried it ... I mixed mine with almond milk and did my best to choke it down . I got through half of my blender bottle before giving up and dumping out the rest . It was awful . I even tried adding some juice to it , in hopes of making it taste okay enough to finish . Nothing worked . I am severely disappointed in this product . I have the soy one at home and I 'm going to give that one a try next . Hopefully it tastes better .
 I just bought this product hoping it would be a good meal replacement . I mixed it water and could n't drink it . The Pea protein/vegetables in it mixed with the sweetness of a vanilla shake really turned me off . The taste and smell made me nauseous . I tried again w / peanut butter and water and extra vanilla . Same result.I looked up on how to fix the sweetness in the pea protein online and found that if you added savory/sour ingredients it should neutralize the sweet side . At this point I am simply trying to make it palatable because this stuff is expensive . So I added a bit of apple cider vinegar , salt , garlic powder , pepper , and siracha sauce and added it to about 8 oz of water and 1 scoop of protein . Still not delicious , but at least now if I hold my breath , I can drink it . I 'll post back to see if anything changes.I ca n't believe they would think this would be a delicious SWEET drink . I think it would be so much better as a plain flavor so the individual can make whatever they want out of it - savory or sweet.Up date
 This may be the best stuff ever , but it tastes like slimy green pond scum . I have tried to put just a tiny bit in my shake , but I still taste the nastiness . Maybe some of these other reviewers were paid or something -- I do n't see how we can be drinking the same thing .
 Yes , its true :[ ... -RSB- That 's just the press release , but they have an older review for this item.In order to get the report , you have to pay to see it , -LRB- Yes I shelled out $ 22 to become a member , and no , I am not associated with consumerlab.com , and yes , its apparently a real finding for the Pea & Rice ; protein variety -- listed in the table in the actual report , but not in the press release -RRB- Too bad . I used to use Nature 's Way Alive ! products , but I think I will stop now ...
 Amazon does not carry this item . Please watch out , this item will be replaced with the Alive ! Soy Shake . I 'm not the first person this happened to yet I had to sit on the phone with Amazon for 40 mins this morning while they tried to figure out the error on their site . The shake itself is great , I have been buying it from Whole Foods for months now , I make a morning smoothie with frozen fruit , water , flaxseed oil and ground chia seeds and it 's always delicious . I thought I was getting a real bargain when I found the item at almost half the price on Amazon but much to my disappointment it was too good to be true .
 I tried a sample packet from Whole Paycheck , and it tasted good and it digested well . But , the 2.2 lb . container from Amazon tasted a bit stale and gave me diarrhea -LRB- cha , cha , cha -RRB- . If I had n't spilled half of the container , I would sent it back.I was hoping to find something a little less expensive than the drink mix from Juice Plus . But as a stay-at-home father for two little kids , I can not afford to run to the restroom every 20 minutes-especially when we 're at the playground . Maybe I 'll stay with what works , and does not mess up the works .
 `` Nature 's Way Alive!Whole Food Energizer Ultra Shake Vanilla contained 4.3 mcg of lead and 12.8 mcg of cadmium in a 1-scoop daily serving . Although the amount of cadmium would not be expected to cause an immediate problem , long-term exposure may pose unnecessary risk to the kidneys . The federal cadmium limit in drinking water , for example , equates to 10 mcg per day in two liters of water -LRB- the typical daily consumption of water by adults -RRB- . `` Source :[ ... -RSB-
 This is a great product and I love all the vitamins in it but I am having a very hard time getting it down . I have tried it with vanilla and chocolate soy milk , with Pb2 -LRB- peanut butter powder -RRB- and fruit and I just cant seem to drink the whole thing -LRB- i just start to gringe after forcing down a few sips -RRB- . Does anyone have suggestions ? Please I love that this is a whole food and natural but I cant get past the taste .
 I tried and tried to use this product but could not adjust to it . Within a half hour of ingesting it I would get a searing headache and brain fog which would last most of the day . I tried using half the amount recommended to work my way up to it , but still the headache and brain fog , to the point of feeling high . Something in this formulataion just did not agreen with me , and I ended up throwing it out .
 Do n't buy this for the taste because it is na-na-nasty . Everyone is the house found it unpalatable . Before buying this you should find it in person and take a whiff first . Going back to Lifetime Life Basics for plant protein . Recommend Optimum Nutrition vanilla custard flavor for egg protein , or Designer Whey vanilla for whey protein .
 I 've purchased the Alive Vanilla pea & rice protein -LRB- vs. the soy -RRB- shake for many years . I 've had lots of people in my family taste it when they asked . Universally , they liked it and would say things like , `` I could drink this kind of shake . `` Flash forward to last week when my husband reordered the shake for me and I saw the label now says `` Pea Protein '' with no mention of rice protein.The taste is much stronger , sweeter , and simply not as palatable as the prior version.I 'm very disappointed and will no longer be a customer of this product .
 The item that I received in the mail was not the Alive Rice and Pea protein powder . It was the Alive Pea Protein powder . These are two different products and I was specifically looking for the Rice & Pea protein product .
 I purchased this solely on reviews and I was utterly disappointed . This item has an odd after taste and I have to mix it with water only . I tried once with almond milk and I wanted to gag .
 I am thinking that the people that liked this product actually work for the company . Once you open the contain you willknow why I say that . It smells like ground mushrooms with the dirt still on them ... with maybe a little pepper . The smell made me sick , but I was determined to try it . I first tried it with just water and ice ... VERY BAD IDEA . I seriously almost threw up . Though I got it down and it seemed to tast a bit better towards the end , maybe that was just my brain telling me it 's good for me . I waited a week and thought , `` ok I can do this . It must have jsut been the initial shock of the smell . '' This time I added skim-milk , sugar free cocoa powder , mixed berries and some slenda ... WOW still horrible . I am thankful I can send it back . I work in an office with a bunch of people that drink protein powder on a regular basis and I could n't get anyone to even try this because the smell was so bad.I am a trooper and got both shake down but I would NOT recommend trying this ... not worth it with so many other products out there .
 I normally try to juice or drink green vibrance or green magma and really like the flavor of wheat grass , barley grass and spirulina -LRB- my friend compares my drink mix to swamp water -RRB- . I decided to try this shake because it has alot of the same ingredients as my green drinks and I wanted something with protein , something to add almond milk to for a thicker meal replacement for &#34; on the go &#34; . I purchase a majority of my products after reading reviews and I have to say this was the worse purchase ever . The flavor of chocolate , green mix and almond milk is so bad that I had to force myself to drink it . The combination of flavors just do n't taste well together . What were all the reviewers thinking ?!
 ive been using the vanilla soy and its good tastingwith apple juice , so i thought id give this apple one a try.its aweful . i tried it every way , with milk , water , apple juice , orange juice.unless you like pea soup , dont get this one , buy the vanilla .
 Awful smell and flavor . I 've known these shake supplements to not have the most appealing flavor , but nothing compares to how bad this was .
 I read the reviews but ordered it anyway . MISTAKE ... my first and only try was making a fruit smoothy in a blender with coconut milk , frozen berries , and this protein powder . I got it down , but each sip was compounding and building on the bad taste in my mouth . Several hours later , I still had the bad taste and drank coffee , then water , then a diet coke . Ca n't stand a chemical taste that spoils the fruit smoothie and lasts for hours . Maybe a processing technique , but do n't buy : Alive ! Ultra Shake Pea Protein Shake Chocolate Flavor 2.2 LB Powder .
 it was the most horrible tasting product I ave ever put into my mouth , even I could have made a better product ! I definitely want a refund . You have been warned , do n't buy it !
 This stuff tastes so nasty I could n't tell you if it 's a good product or not . Could n't drink it and I tried it with different things . Yucky !
 I 've tried many different types of shakes and have generally enjoyed their flavor . However , this one tasted horrible no matter what I did to it . It says that it 's a pea protein , but you can really taste it in powder form and it 's gross . I 've used SuperFoods Supreme , Natural Berry and found that to be easier on my taste buds . I guess I 'll continue to look for a superfoods shake that agrees with me.If anyone would like to make product recommendations to me , I 'd appreciate it . Maybe something that has either no flavor or a wheatgrass flavor would be great = D
 It SAYS rice/pea , on my invoice it said SOY , so I contacted Amazon and was ASSURED it was rice/pea , but I GOT SOY ! Ca n't say the taste is all that great , but I am using it rather than sending it back . BUT if you want RICE/PEA protein powder like I did , MAKE SURE to check your invoice . I 'm not at all fond of the taste of the vanilla soy . I will use it up , it may well be very healthy . Hoping next time to get rice/protein , but I just got an email and was told ... they 're out of ! So not even sure why it 's still saying it 's available . DISAPPOINTED !
 I REALLY wanted to like this stuff . It is packed with so many good things and great nutrients , but I just ca n't get over the horrible taste.Before I bought this I was making a soy protein shake every day with chocolate flavored soy protein , raw cacao powder , chocolate flavored Amazing Grass , almond milk , and a little bit of chocolate syrup . It tasted great . So I figured adding half a scoop of this stuff would n't really alter the taste much - I thought the other ingredients would easily mask the taste - but boy was I wrong . The taste of the Alive powder absolutely &#34; takes over &#34; the entire drink and gives you this nasty , earthy , vegetable taste . It really is hard to describe , because the taste itself is very complex . It tastes one way when it hits your tongue and by the time you 've swallowed it , the taste takes a bit of a roller coaster to something else ; but the whole trip is horrible . I know that 's a very weird explanation , but I really do n't know how else to describe it . I have to assume the other reviewers ' taste buds are different from mine because I just can not stomach this stuff . I drank half of the first shake I made with it and could n't even finish it because I was gagging.Like I said , I very much wanted to be able to tolerate it because I 'm sure it has great health benefits , which is why I 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 , but I just ca n't get past the awful taste . I believe they have a soy version which may taste better , but I was trying to avoid more soy intake by going with pea protein . Now I realize pea protein is definitely not for me . Aside from everything , it also made my stomach feel very weird . Not a hurting sensation , but definitely not a calm pleasant one.It 's worth a try , but be warned , it is disgusting . Now I have a full container of this stuff with half a scoop of powder missing ...
 I chose the ` Vanilla ' flavor because I did n't know how it would taste and like vanilla flavored things . Well it tastes like baby food , pureed peas , I know its pea powder but it is a very strong pea taste and no vanilla . After mixing it with some yogurt it was n't too bad .
 The drink tastes like cold pea soup flavored with vanilla . Lots of good stuff in it but I just couldnt get past the taste .
 I purchased this Protein Shake because it is dairy free plus the fact it sounded healthy which I am sure it is but the taste is so bad that it made me sick to my stomach . That in itself is unhealthy . I will never use this product again and will look for another alternative unless all `` Natural Products '' are like this . Can any other health concious individuals make any recommendations ??
 I feel great but as several people mentioned the flavor is not like a vanilla whey shake . Imagine a strong sweet green vanilla taste.Almost unpalatable , I wish this had no flavoring and tasted like ... peas !
 I have tried a lot of these shakes -LRB- see my reviews if you are curious -RRB- and I think this is one of the worst , flavor-wise . The vanilla soy protein version is not bad at all - in fact , I like it more than many of the other brands for the texture and flavor.But the apple cinnamon pea protein is completely unpalatable . I 've tried to hide it with bananas and berries - maybe orange juice would work ? Who knows . I know it 's tempting to chase something that claims to taste like apple cinnamon , but I would order a small container or get a different flavor .
 From a nutritional standpoint it is great . But as the name states PEA protein is the taste you get . I like to call it a dehydrated pea and ovaltine chocolate taste .
 You advertise the Rice and Pea protein but what you sent me was a product that had only the Pea protein without the Brown Rice . This is fraud !
 Glad I got this in a single serving at Super Supplements . It was hard to choke down and an hour later I feel logged down.I 'm going to stick with Amazing Grass for green supplement
 I bought this to replace my older Libman which was getting kind of nasty . This is a different design . The bristles are not as strong as my older one and less able to scrape pots with . The plastic scraper is decent but it is difficult to get into corners of pots . All in all I prefer the older one and have had to keep both around .
 I thought it would fit in the opening of the Nalgene to clean it ... it does n't . No curved bristles around the head mean less ways to use it in my opinion .
 i bought this for my mom , and it was just a waste of money . this stuff does n't work , and is n't work the time or money . Save your money please .
 This product did not live up to expectations . Used it daily for over two weeks to give it a chance . No positive results at all .
 I BOUGHT ON THE RECOMENDATION OF A FRIEND.I APPLIED THE CREAM AS A WAS SUPPOSED TO.THE PRODUCT HAS NOT HELPED ME IN ANY WAYEXCEPRT , MONEY I SPENT WAS NOT WELL SPENT .
 I ca n't speak for everyone , but I did n't find Topricin to work for treating my carpal . It 's possible I 'm the oddball out , but , I did n't find it that efficacious . I had better luck doing stretches and using an iced wrist pack . Disappointing .
 Might work for someone that just has a slight sore spots , but did n't do anything for me . I guess I 'm to far gone .
 It came highly recommended by several people . I just happened to be one that it had no effect on . It does n't mean it wo n't work for others .
 I had read that this product worked on feet that burns and t 's in pain . It does n't even touch it and acts like lotion . I would n't recommend it to anyone who has any type of pain . I have other areas of pain and it did n't work for that either.Topricin Cream 4 Ounces
 I have used this product for over 2 weeks now and have n't noticed any change or improvement in my arthritic condition or pain . Do n't feel it works for me .
 I certainly wanted Topricin to work on my hamstring origin tendon injury . But after 4 applications a day for a week , it had no detectable effect on my pain . I 'm afraid it 's just snake oil . Avoid this product and its dubious claims .
 Over the past couple of years I have heard dozens of people promoting Topricin . I bought a 4oz jar and recently again another 4oz jar . My wife had plantar faceitis and I have had problems in both of my shoulders and elbows periodically for a year and a half . In no case has this product worked at all . No pain relief . No healing . No nothing . I think a lot of people will experience pain relief if they believe it . Through therapy and liquid magnesium our problems are getting better , but Topricin is a waste of money . Sorry .
 I bought Topricin due to back , leg and sciatic pain . I was desperate and I felt I 'd try anything . I also did n't know what homeopathy was and I did n't know what the 6x 8x markings on the active ingredients meant.The first thing you need to know , is that any `` medicine '' that measures ingredients in phrases like 6x or 8x is a homeopathic treatment . The number and the x does n't indicate how MUCH of an ingredient there is , it 's how LITTLE of the ingredient there is.The active ingredients in Topricin are all 6x , with a couple that are at 8x . This means that if you divide a 4 ounce jar of ointment into a million pieces there would be ONE piece that 's the medicine and 999,999 pieces that are not.Homeopathy operates under the notion that the greater the dilution the stronger the medicine . This is absolute nonsense . So is this product.Needless to say the product does n't work any better than say , rubbing in a nice massage oil . It 's the rubbing and the lubrication and the warmth that relieves any pain . Not the product .
 This is a homeopathic remedy . As I understand it - and I 'm sure someone will correct me if I 'm wrong - the idea behind homeopathy is to take a substance that * causes * the symptoms to be relieved , and dilute it until it 's a tiny proportion of the product to be used . This sounds almost like the way conventional western medicine 's vaccines work , but do n't be fooled . This is a different principle.Some people are adamant that homeopathy is a more natural , gentler way of treating disease than conventional western medicine . Others are just as adamant that it 's quackery . I do n't want to take a stand on that , but I do suspect that as dilute as these `` active ingredients '' are , the only * harm * that any homeopathic remedy is likely to do is to your pocketbook . I suppose that if you have a life-threatening condition , trying a homeopathic remedy might keep you away from more conventional treatment that you desperately need , but that would be your own choice.Since my complaint - foot discomfort - is far from life-threatening , I gave this stuff a try.It seems to be an effective -LRB- if pricey -RRB- moisturizing cream . I like the fact that it does n't have any perfume in it . However , after applying it several times daily over a week , I could n't detect any analgesic or anti-inflammatory effect at all.I do n't mean to suggest that others here are experiencing nothing more than a placebo effect . However , I wonder if at least some folks ' relief might be a result of the massage they 're getting as they rub the cream into the affected area.Let 's try this
 It is easy to apply , does not smell , but unfortunately did not relieve the pain.My wife tried it as well and it did not help relieve her pain either
 I USED THIS PRODUCT ON SORE JOINTS , AND AFTER USING SEVERAL DAYS , THEY ARE STILL SORE . NOT MUCH USE FOR THE PRODUCT IF IT DOES N'T WORK LIKE IT SAYS IT WILL .
 I have relatives that swear by this . My experience is it is a placebo . Voodoo magic homeopathic medication . You might as well wave your magic wand to be rid of your pain .
 I bought this product because I saw it advertised during the French Open and I happened to have some tennis related injuries . I thought that surely they would n't waste that kind of ad revenue on a worthless item , and the reviews on Amazon raved about the positive experiences others have had . I do n't know what to say . After using it as prescribed for a full week I could n't ascertain any noticeable effect . I 've since followed up with my doctor who ordered an MRI done on my hip -LRB- the center of the pain -RRB- and no organic cause for the pain could be determined . I was advised that it appeared to be that old standby - inflammation . Which is just what Topricin is supposed to remedy . This stuff was a waste of money in my opinion . My wife tried it on some fingers that had been giving her some arthritic pain and it was equally worthless there too . I guess if you want a miracle you 'll have to go to Lourdes , because you wo n't find it in a jar of this stuff . Maybe they should change the name to Over-pricin ?
 Have chronic shoulder pain which was diagnosed as an inflamed tendon in my rotator cuff . The product provided no relief whatsoever . I also have a minor problem with my achilles tendon that becomes tender after longer runs . Again , I felt no difference whatsoever from using this cream .
 Bought this product because it was supposed to relax you . Does n't seem to do anything and the pills stink . Giving it 2 stars because I know some people that think it is great , so maybe it will work for you .
 Five years ago I took Stacker 2 's to aid in weight loss and experienced great results with no side effects . Fast forward to the present ; I have 10 pounds that I 'd like to lose and decided to again seek a boost , this time with Stacker 3 XPLC . It was an awful decision on my part . Within minutes of taking 1 pill I begin to experience tachycardia -LRB- rapid heart rate -RRB- , heart palpitations , tremors , cold sweats , dizziness , and nausea , and spent 2 days in the hospital for monitoring and observation . Experiencing nearly every single side effect that a diet pill can cause , all at once , was the absolute scariest situation that I have ever been in . I highly caution anyone thinking of taking this product to consult with their primary physician beforehand , and as I nurse I still cringe that I did n't .
 This product is supposed to be the latest & greatest from a reputable contender in the legal-speed market . However , all it did was give me a bit of a stomachache -- no energy boost that I could discern . So I 'll be guzzling with once-daily pills with milk to help counteract that and see if anythinmg changes . In the meantime , Stacker 2 XPLC seems to work better and I would recommend that -LRB- which really does the trick -RRB- over this .
 If you like to feel like your going to vomit all day and sweat constantly < even at rest > , this is for you ... I might have had a bad trip , but I honestly wished I would have vomited the minute I took this and saved me a day of misery ... sweats , tremors , pounding heart rate ... I kinda wish they woulda made these things in half dose and I coulda just taken 1 instead of 2 and maybe not felt like crap all day . i basically felt like I have had the flu all day
 I originally bought this product to boost my metabolism . It received mixed reviews but I decided that I 'd try it anyway . This product does horrible things to your body , I became extremely nauseous after using this product and could not consume anything for several hours . It gave me very bad intestinal problems -LRB- diarrhea , bloating , gas -RRB- . I recommend avoiding this product unless the way to lose weight for you is not being able to eat and voiding everything that is in your body .
 I have a bit of experience with fresnel lenses from working with them in flight simulators . This lens is of very poor quality , and to make it even worse it 's curved in its frame making focus at the edges off from the center . Also the blue tinting is annoying . I 've always used clear Fresnels from Edmund Scientific for monitors up to 22 '' and they blow this one away at less money . I do not agree with the other reviews , and if I could give it zero stars I would . Money down the toilet for me : -LRB-
 I am not a big strawberry person so I gave it to my daughter who loved itit is a good product just do n't care for the taste .
 I stupidly bought 20 packets of this garbage , along with the 20 packets of ` chocolate mousse ' flavour because they were on special . Now , I have tried many brands of protein , and obviously some are better than others , but this was a whole new dimension of bad taste . I literally felt nauseous every time I drank one - I only drank them because I could ' t give them away to my friends and couldnt bring myself to throw $ 80 in the bin . I had to mix it with like 500ml of water -LRB- milk made it too thick and even more disgusting -RRB- to dilute the taste , and make the bitterness less noticable.The flavours sound deliceous , however , they are not .
 while the product was exactly what i was looking for it came so late i did not know where the package was for so long
 I know , I know , it 's a protein shake , not supposed to taste great , but this one is really quite bland . Will not order this flavor again unless I can find a way to doctor it up .
 My tub drain was pretty problematic so I poured Draino every once in a while . When I saw this product , I tried it . Now my tub barely drains at all . It backed up my water and turned it blue which means I was standing in Zep chemical . Save your money up for a plummer .
 Not sure how this claims to work - When you pour down the drain it immediately bubbles and smokes , the drain would have to be plugged close to the opening as it would be hard to get down the drain - Anyway kinda cool to watch it work , but it has horrible reviews elsewhere and bad for sink and god forbid you get it on your skin or breathe it in !
 Bought this stuff for my shower drain which was draining very slowly . After using this a couple different times my drain was completely backed up and was draining extremely slow . I ended up pulling the drain cover off the floor and this stuff had completely clogged by drain pipe . It was as if the stuff just attached to the sides of the drain and crystallized there . There was only one very small opening for draining . Since I did n't have the money to call a plumber I had to scrape all that crap off the sides of the drain to clear the pipe . I would never use this again and I would n't recommend it to any of my friends .
 Do n't buy these , they 're junk ! These are smaller than described , so your mop scratches the floor as you move it and you can only mop very slowly , lightly , and carefully . They 're saturated with detergent that you just ca n't rinse out , so you ca n't actually rinse your floor . Worst of all , my first one separated from the plastic back on the 4th use , and the second one separated after the first use . These were used once a week on a tiny kitchen floor , where I am used to mop heads lasting for months . Unfortunately , I bought 10 , and they wo n't take them back .
 Glad gallon storage bags are on sale really cheap . DONT WASTE your money . I poured my marinate into the bag and ran for the sink . It was like there was tiny holes everywhere ! I think I 'll use them as strainers for now on .
 I bought these assuming that zipper meant they had a slider tab ... oops.They are okay as sealer bags but DO NOT have a zipper slider .
 Though I bought this from Amazon this is a soft gel from hell . I put some gels in a half gallon of milk figuring the gels would melt and the lactase would mix in with the milk . About 36 hours , I poured a glass of milk and started drinking . Gargh ! One of the slimy distorted undissolved gels went into my mouth . I spit it out . I discovered that the rest of the gels were undissolved.I did n't want to waste the gels so the next time I cut the gels in half.That did not work . The half gels stayed undissolved.Too cheap to give it , I put the gels in an Osterizer and mixed it a high speed for sixty seconds . The Osterizer can tackle about anything . I had just used the Osterizer for almonds and they were pulverized . But No ! Pieces of the lactase gels were still visible . One was one-third intact.I am left to conclude that the gels are coated with something like rubber.I do n't know if stomach acid will dissolve the coating but I gave up with the experiments.I do not recommend Vitamin Shoppe Lactase . I must give to the product that one is supposed to swallow the gels and not put them in milk . But I am suspicious of anything that does not dissolve in liquid after 36 hours.If you want to experiment and check your stool to see if the gels get dissolved in the stomach or come out whole , write a review and let me know.For me I am going to search for another product or a lactase powder .
 I tried a different brand of disposable thermometers in the past and was n't happy with the results . I have an inexpensive digital thermometer that is unreliable as well , so I thought I 'd give these a try again - primarily because of the 3M name . These did not work any better than the previous brand . I tried one to test against my digital thermometer and could n't get a reading . None of the dots turned white so there was no way to read a temperature . Many of the dots turned partially white , they looked like little crescent moons , and were scattered throughout the matrix . I followed the instructions exactly , putting the stick as far back under my tongue as possible and leaving it in for one minute . I then tried another and left it in for five minutes , same result . I then heated some water in the microwave to 96 degrees and tried a third one , same result with many dots partially whitened.I have contacted the seller to return them , and after over a week have not heard back from them . I plan to file a complaint with Amazon and leave negative feedback . Save your money , get a real thermometer .
 I ordered these filters because I needed them for my Thermoscan . I should have been wary of the words `` fits Braun Thermoscan '' . That means they are not `` made for '' it . Yes , they did fit , but boy , were they inferior ! The plastic was so flimsy they crinkled and crushed between my fingers . I threw them out and ordered filters from another seller - filters that were `` made for '' the Braun Thermoscan !
 I am not a big strawberry person so I gave it to my daughter who loved itit is a good product just do n't care for the taste .
 I stupidly bought 20 packets of this garbage , along with the 20 packets of ` chocolate mousse ' flavour because they were on special . Now , I have tried many brands of protein , and obviously some are better than others , but this was a whole new dimension of bad taste . I literally felt nauseous every time I drank one - I only drank them because I could ' t give them away to my friends and couldnt bring myself to throw $ 80 in the bin . I had to mix it with like 500ml of water -LRB- milk made it too thick and even more disgusting -RRB- to dilute the taste , and make the bitterness less noticable.The flavours sound deliceous , however , they are not .
 I agree with the other 2 reviews that state this product is not syrup . In fact , it 's thinner in consistency than the regular KAL liquid stevia . I came across this `` syrup '' offering and decided to try it because it 's a better buy at 16 oz for $ 7.34 . However , since more is needed , it does n't end up being a better buy at all . As good as the regular KAL liquid stevia is , which I give 5 stars , this product is just poor .
 This product is more like a sweet water not at all like syrup . I still use it but it takes much more to get enough sweetness out of it.I thought I was going to be able to use this with fruit but it did n't work out the way I planned .
 When I think of `` syrup '' I think of a thick consistency . This stuff is basically stevia and water ... not sure why I paid so much for it .
 I had high hopes for this product due to very good reviews and all the supposedly beneficial ingredients . It made my skin burn a bit right after applying it , however that part was tolerable and the burning disappeared quickly.While the cream does seem to moisturize my skin somewhat it also enlarged my pores and enhanced many problems I wanted to get rid of such as scars and broken capillaries . I also noticed more new large `` pores '' or what appears to be new dented scars/areas all over my face the morning after . I gave it another chance the second night , only to wake up to even more new pores and dented scars . I wo n't risk my face to further damages so I had to stop using it . Very unhappy and disappointed !
 way too thick . and leaves an orange residue on face . not a high quality product . their hyaloronic night cream is way better
 I do n't know about those two rave reviews - do NOT expect anything magical to happen with this cream . At least that 's been my experience . It 's nothing special for the price .
 I would not have bought this if I 'd known that 100 caps equals only 25 days worth of dosage.Usually if a supplement does not give a listing such as `` 4 per day '' then you can assume it 's just a one per day dosage.The fact that this requires 4 caps per day means that instead of 15 cents per day , it 's 60 cents per day ; which is more than I wanted to spend.I will not be buying this formula again unless I see obvious results -LRB- which is doubtful because with most herbs and supplements such as this you do not see obvious results , it 's more a subtle `` Yeah , I THINK it 's helping ... '' If I see results after taking the whole bottle I will change this review . Otherwise , it 's Sionara to Nature 's Life Ginger Joint Ease caps.I also find that this gives me terrible burps , almost to the point of throwing up a little . Maybe this is true of all turmeric , I do n't know . All I know is I wo n't be buying THIS one again . I 'm downgrading this to 2 stars .
 I purchased the 7775X and I purchased the model below the 7745X and they both seemed to out-perform the 7745X . Although cleaning is easier , I do not find that this shaver removes the hair from my face with any efficacy at all.I also am not pleased with the way the Nivea Gel/lotion is dispensed from this shaver . I will not buy this again in the future and may have to purchase the 7775X to receive the shave I was accustomed to .
 it should be heavier , bowl moves around to much for a handicap person and $ 8.25 is way over priced for a plastic bowl
 too slippery on the table -- got it for a stroke patient and it slid too much for her to use with one hand
 Arrived on time as described . Unfortunately , unless I am incapable of operating this , it only holds one message at a time . Utility is very limited .
 I really like this ... take with a meal , no stomachs ache . I only take one a day with my vitamin ... I am following weightwatchers and working out . I crave less sugar and my body is using the stored fat ... oh yeah , my hair and nails are thickening as well !
 We have been using these for 6 months , and to date alot have ripped . We go through one a day , so that will tell you how much we use ... They do not have draw strings , they are horrid bags . .
 these are NOT drawstring garbage bags as pictured on the box . They are manually tied bags , not what I thought I was buying ...
 I have been using candles bought at a local healthstore for some time , with good results every time . However , using these candles I would have thought that there was no wax in my ears at all . I even interspersed using these candles with the ones from the local healthstore ... each time TC Natural 's candles produced nothing , but the others did.In a nutshell , do n't waste your money .
 This review is about ear candles in general . My wife and I both tried these candles as instructed . When done , we excitedly cut open the candles and saw copious amounts of what looked like ear wax . Days later I reconsidered the ear candles and could n't convince myself of the results , despite seeing what I assumed must be ear wax in the dissected candle.I bought another candle and conducted an experiment . I lit the candle on one end and placed the other end -LRB- which would normally go into your ear -RRB- into a section of vinyl tubing . Soon , smoke was pouring out of the tubing . Thinking that an open tube did n't accurately simulate the human ear canal , I bent off the tubing thereby sealing it . Once the candle had burned down I cut it open . Sure enough , the contents of the candle with tubing at the end was identical to the candle I had held to my ear ; there was an ashy powder along with tough , brown chunks of wax . Since the contents of the candle without an ear attached to it matched the contents of the candle placed into an actual ear I can only conclude that the `` ear wax '' found in the cut-open candle does not come from your ear . It probably comes from the candle itself , but that 's just a guess.Here 's another similar -LRB- but more medically tested -RRB- story
 I tried ear candling at the suggestion of a friend . I was amazed at the amount of wax and `` candida '' that came out of my right ear . Being concerned I did n't get it all I did another and another and another all with the same results , all candles filled with so-called earwax and candida . The only problem is you could not have fit this much wax in two ear canals much less one , so I did an experiment . I took a small paper cup and turned it upside down on my kitchen counter , poked a small hole in the bottom and inserted the candle and lit it . Here are my unbiased observations . Smoke began to filter into the canal formed by the cup and then promply stopped . Why ? Because the melting wax from the candle runs down and clogs the hole ! At this point there is n't anything goint to happen . You might as well stick a Bic pen in your ear for all the good that it would do . I let the candle burn down to 1 1/2 '' and blew it out and then opened the candle remnant up . I could n't believe it ! The paper cup also had ear wax and a grave candida problem!Conclusion
 I bought this because I LOVE the swivel stick , and it works very well , but its HUGE and I dont need to get my whole face greasy just applying it , I thought this one was the same but smaller , IT IS NOT . It has more ingrediants and sunscreen I 'm not sure what caused it to BURN my lips which WERE NOT chapped at the time but I will not be using this , it 's very disapointing . Stick with the swivel stick , why ca n't they just make the swivel stick in two sizes ??? Pocket size and jumbo size ?
 we have tried this model before but this one was starting to make noise after only the second use which means it may start to fail soon . . maybe a fluke but maybe the quailty has gone down . .
 This is ` A ' typical of the ` bait-n-swith ' tactics people do . You order by what the item looks like and they send you something different.This item is NOT what I order !! I contacted the company and they have not replied to my request of giving me my money back .
 This product arrived very quickly , and 300 tablets for $ 15 is a great deal , but I was very disappointed to learn upon opening the package and reviewing the bottle that they contain dairy . This is something I 'm trying to avoid as I 'm dealing with inflammation issues at the moment , and the fact that these contain dairy was not listed ANYWHERE . Not here , not in any review , not even on the official Vitamin Shoppe website . For an allergy as common as dairy , I find that absolutely ridiculous , and the only reason I went with this product was because I passed on another , better deal because that too had dairy -LRB- although , they actually listed it -RRB- . So I 'm feeling a little screwed over.None of the ingredients listed sound like any kind of dairy , but it explicitly states that it contains some . I 'm guessing it 's some weird by-product of dairy that they 're using in this , and hopefully it wo n't cause me any problems . But seriously , supplement companies really need to step their game up and make this information readily available BEFORE ONLINE PURCHASE . There 's no excuse for this.I have not tried these yet , but I have been taking the Betaine HCL capsules from Twinlabs . It is a great supplement to try if you are having digestive problems .
 Most betaine / HCL will either come in a gel capsule , and not smell , or be coated in something to mask the smell . whatever the coating is with this product , there is no masking the smell . The smell is horrible , stays on your hands , and lingers for minutes.These definitely get the job done , but as a regular betaine user , I have put these in one of our vehicles for ` just in case ' use when we are out and about . I can not stand the smell on a regular use basis .
 This capsules are slightly too big for my automatic capsule fillers . When full of powder and attempted to be rejoined the bottom of the capsule crushes and powder is everywhere . I have to pull the caps out with a pair of needle nose pliers -LRB- and they seem tighter than when I put them in -RRB- . I never had this problem with the gelatin caps from this company , only these vegi caps . I thought maybe it was from packing to much in the cap but adjusted the amount and it did n't help . I also used a desiccant to absorb moisture they may have absorbed -LRB- to decrease possible swelling -RRB- and it did the same thing . The only real plus is that the vegi caps dont have the somewhat soured \ vinegar smell that I think the gel caps have . Only 9800-something left to try to use or just throw away . This may just be a bad batch ... but when they 're 2-3 time the price of gel , I think I 'll go back to gel . Its probably nothing the vendor could n't make right but its not really worth the time . I would n't stop making orders of other products from them anyway .
 They were fun , and sure stimulate several wonderful places - BUT ca n't easily be sterilized nor cleaned ... the BEST buy is a pair of Smartballs from Fun Factory - more expensive -LRB- $ 14 - $ 29 -RRB- but well worth it !
 I through these away after one attempted use . They hurt going in and were way to big . Also the catch string is made of cloth so it would have been hard to clean even if I kept them .
 These were a little bit difficult to use and a bit painful too . You really need to use a lot of lubrication in order to fully use this product & it 's just a pain because they 're too big as well . Even a little bigger than the gold balls . sorry ! smaller is better for ben wa balls .
 I figured this would be a good tool to practice vaginal exercises with . The balls are very difficult to get in . In fact , I was only able to get one in ... with lube ... and the other always hung out . No matter what I did , these things were NOT interested.I retired them quickly ... jade eggs and kegelcisors ladies !!
 Fake batteries - Cheap Imitation from Networker-7I made a mistake by ordering this item from a reseller . I bought them from `` Networker-7 '' and he sent me a perfect set of batteries , but something was wrong . The battery package was badly sealed -LRB- like it never passed QC -RRB- and when I opened it and checked the batteries , the colors and fonts were slightly different from my other original Cybershot Batteries , which came with my camera . I compared them carefully and realized this are fake sony batteries , just an imitation . Must be some cheap-made-in-brazil ones with a printed sticker on them or something like that . Be aware of this seller . Buy from Amazon Only !!!
 Texture and shape are nice , but it was way to big for my lady friends , one of whom has had two children . Suction cup holds well to smooth surfaces . Both vibrators and controllers works great .
 This Wahl trimmer did not trim anything , no matter how hard I tried . Tossed it out . I 'm going back to a Panasonic , which worked perfectly for 10 years before it stopped working , and only because I dropped it on the floor.I was shocked how BADLY this worked . I bought it at CVS because of the brand name . Boy , was I wrong .
 Junk . Clipper blade did n't work at all , and did n't seem the slightest bit sharp . Nose hair trimmer blade worked fine for a month or two , then got dull and began pulling terribly - a most unpleasant experience .
 It seems to trim so-so , but do n't buy it for any aspect of the spotlight . Its dim and useless . There 's prpbably better ones out there , but I 'm not sure how you 'd tell .
 Out of the bubble pack , the light worked , but the blade did not turn at all . Even after changing the battery , no action whatsoever . After fiddling with the motor and the blade a bit , and some coarse language , I did get it to work . The performance , though , is feeble . I suspect that there is a vast difference between the quality and performance of the professional and the home products.You might have better results with a pair of scissors .
 This product works well but it quit working after just a few months . The construction of the battery contacts is rather flimsy .
 I 've had this one for a couple of years . The different heads are badly designed , very hard to switch them . The trimmer itself does n't work well , you have to keep going over the same area over and over , and over and over . Lame . The little light is utterly useless , I have no idea who would ever use that . The eyebrow attachment is very hard to put on , but thankfully you 'll never use it because it does n't work at all as they advertise . Finally , the on/off switch is terribly designed , the mechanism shifted within the enclosure literally the first two weeks I got this , you can still turn it on and off but it 's awkward.FAIL.I 'm just amazed I 've only now gotten a replacement and see what I 've been missing .
 Wahl seems to have gone slighlty down hill with this trimmer , and I 'm going to rate them on the whole experiance.The trimmer does beat my old one in certain respects , including being much quieter . The light seems useless , however . It has 3-removable heads and no place to store the other two , so what will happen , it will get lost in the drawer , for sure.Getting the heads off was almost impossible . The directions that came with the product did n't mention it , at all . I poked . I prodded . I twisted.So , off to 1-800 land . Listen to obnoxious music and the constant interupting obnoxious voice telling me to stay on the line , as I 'm so important to them . Finally , I ask my question , `` How do you get the % $ # @ $ % $ # !! thing off ? '' There 's no place to grip it , and brother , you got ta grip it ... < SNAP > ... it finally comes off . All of the aggravation could have been avoided , had they just told how to remove it in the directions.I seem to have to go over and over and over the same area , to remove hair ... I do n't know , maybe it 's just me , maybe I 'm just whining , but I am so used to Wahl 's quality from yesterday .
 I have no idea why this product seems to be completely unavailable in any store or online ... but the price gouging is unbelievable . This used to cost $ 6 , NOT $ 60 . And , yes , it works amazingly well . It completely cleared up my chronic back acne - totally and completely cleared it . And now I 'm having to figure out what 's next now that this is gone . PanOxyl , would you please STEP UP PRODUCTION please ! I 'm getting married in 3 months and it would really suck if my strapless dress -LRB- that I got because my back has been clear for the first time ever -RRB- , was upstaged by a sea of new blemishes on my back . And for those reading this , any suggestions on other options that have worked for you ?
 Everyone reacts differently to various supplements . I got a very severe case -LRB- s -RRB- of drymouth using the Sleep Formula , which I have never encountered before with any supplement or medication . The side effects make the product unusable for me .
 This products vibrations are not strong at all , even with new batteries . I was very displeased with it . Maybe if it were ever stronger it could be somewhat enjoyable .
 I tried to put battery into it , but can not open it . Please help me solve the problem and email me back ASAP ! Thanks !
 To say I was disappointed would be an understatement . Unfortunately , Amazon does not provide label information so you do n't get to see what Vitamins and Minerals are actually in the product until you buy it.Instructions say to take two per day . Two of them provide only 10 % of Minimum Daily Requirement of Vitamin E , 25 % of Vitamin B-6 , 465 of the Pantothenic Acid , 17 % of the Calcium , 13 % of the Phosphorus , 2 % of the Magnesium , 3 % of the Zinc and 10 % of the Copper you need every day.The list of Vitamins and Minerals that it does n't give you is long starting with NO Vitamin K , No Selenium , No Chromium , No Molybdenum , No Chloride , No Vanadium , No Boron , No Tin , No Silicon and No Nickel.these are all present in other inexpensive multi-vitamins and Minerals available through Amazon like Nature 's Bounty ABC Plus at $ 6.79 for 100 day 's supply . 100 days worth of Thompson 's would cost $ 8.31 and be missing or have lower amounts of the above Vitamins and Minerals.Of course , more expensive Daily Vitamin and Mineral doses would contain even more of needed Vitamins and Minerals than these inexpensive ones do but many of them are not too much more than these cost .
 I used this product for about a week and a half then decided to stop using it . At first I had the straps adjusted too tight which made my foot and leg hurt from squeezing too much . Then I loosened them and thought it would be better but my foot hurt so much that I would wake up about 3AM in pain and would have to take it off and the sound of velcro peeling away at 3AM also wakes up the person beside you too . When you lay down your foot naturally wants to turn to the side and with this brace on , it put pressure against the side of my foot which was tolarable for a few hours but then it would really start hurting where the strap went around my foot . If I kept my foot pointed straght up then it did not pull but that is n't how my foot is naturally positioned when I sleep . It 's a little pricy for what it actually is .
 Short in length so it comes off easily but the delaying Power not bad . I wld not rebuy same brand , if u aggressive and just slightly longer than average it will fall off
 The packing is simple and crude , different the picture.Use feel not good.I will not recommend it to anyone .
 Got this package in a plastic bag instead of original package ! Very disappointed . The condoms are made in India ! I do n't trust this seller !
 I bought these condoms and I had trouble with them breaking ! They came in a ziplock baggy . I had trouble getting down on my johnson was the first thing I noticed . I do n't have a large or long cock but I 'm not small either . So once I got the things on they broke ! So I do n't recommend these at all !!!
 It feels like nothing but it 's really weak . If you stay less than 5 sec this might work -LRB- lol -RRB- because in the first 10 sec this things will break . This stuff is useless , the condoms are breaking 2 times over 3 use , and believe me , I know how to put a condom on . I just trow them away .
 All , I was frustrated as this condom broke everytime it was being used . Please dont buy this make .
 When I ordered from them 6 months ago , I got a large zip-lock bag of 94 condoms , and they were all well within the expiration date . A few condoms short , but otherwise okay.HOWEVER , when I ordered from them last month , the package that showed up was a box of 24 condoms . I immediately contacted them , but did n't get a reply . Subsequent attempts have also failed , so I guess I just paid $ 30 for 24 condoms . : -LRB-
 This would be a really great deal if they were n't 2 years out of date.I recieved this packageon Tuesday October 12,2010 and they had an expiration date of September of 2008 .
 The product we received was significantly past the sell by date , and likely over the shelf life . As such , these condoms are little more than a novelty and offer no protection . Terrible purchase .
 Just received that `` 100 '' pack , and it 's just a bunch of loose condoms in a bubble envelope . It 's sketchy , and I 'm not even sure I 'd trust using them . It says nowhere in the description that it wo n't come in factory sealed boxes , so I 'll probably end up throwing them in the garbage . Not worth risking an STD or pregnancy over $ 12 .
 I order a pack of these condoms in January and they worked well but the last order I place in November brought me condoms that broke twice out of 30 uses . I 'm not rough on condoms and I use extra lube , so be careful . It 's really hard to tell when or why these condoms break . I think I must have gotten an order that was manufactured poorly . The packages say they were manufactured in Thailand , if that helps .
 there were only 92 condoms , no big deal but I paid for 100 . Also , they break very easy , they are not safe !
 don , t have enough 100ct , about 95ct total , the package wrap is lousy , like picked from dumpster . I 'll never purchase from this seller again .
 Works great for 6 months , then the product just stop working and it was n`t battery problems ...
 Should have known by the price , but this thing does n't trim much of anything . I can put it right up against a hair and it takes a good deal of repositioning and time consuming acrobatics just to trim it . Very weak blade and very little power . I 'm back to using scissors ...
 I have been taking creatine as a nutritional supplement for several years . When I run out , I usually shop the best price for 100 % pure creatine . The last time I purchased creatine , it was this brand . Over the last 6 months , I have had chronic/severe joint pain , it came on gradually , my doctor determined that it was probably something I was ingesting . To try to determine what was causing the problem , my doctor ended up taking me off all of my medications ... that was n't it . I then gradually stopped consuming products that I regular ate/drank to see if that was it . I did n't think it was the creatine , because I had taken it for years with absolutely no problems . Finally when there was nothing else to consider , I stopped the creatine , and the pain started to almost immediately dissipate , it has been gradual , so far about 3 weeks since I stopped , but the pain seems to finally be gone . My guess is that this brand of creatine is impure , and I suggest that consumers do not use it , or you may start racking up the doctor bills like I did .
 this product is ok i dont seem to get massive results with it ive def had better seems like it made me gain extra fat and nut just mussle also allthough it does laat a really long time for the money its a good buy but idk if its worth the time to take anymore
 Very long process to get this to dissolve in the shakes I use . Always a lot at the bottom of the glass , and grainy going down . Wo n't buy again .
 I love and have purchased many of Dymatize 's protein powders in the past , so I went ahead and bought this creatine also . I must say , it does do it job in helping me perform betting during my workouts , especially since I am eating lower carb than I normally do . The downside of this creatine is that it is the consistency of sugar but does n't desolve as well . I have shaken this stuff for at least 5 minutes , just for it to still settle at the bottom . Most creatine powders I have purchase in the past had no problem dissolving and were finer powders than this . I will not be purchasing this again in the future . Sorry Dymatize .
 I think instead of micronized they meant supersized . This stuff is similiar to cat litter and mixes like it . I do n't mean spoon in a cup mixing , I 'm talking shaker cup . I moved to this from the five star creatine , because I wanted something I could mix with the BSN True Mass , but the five star only comes in fruit punch , but it 's worth it to have to drink it on it 's on rather than drink down gravel .
 Not getting the results from this product that I get from other creatine -LRB- including other 100 % micronized creatine products -RRB- . Maybe I just got a bad batch or something . I thought Dymatize was supposed to be a good brand . I like their protein products .
 When I got the box I was n't happy to see it was n't the REAL Fukuoku . It was n't . Yes it has may attachments , and we all know what this is REALLY for ... it just does n't fully make the cut . Spend the extra money and go for the real thing .
 Just like another reviewer has posted , I too have ordered and received a knock off product that is NOT the real Fukuoku 9000 . The box is n't the same either.Mine also DIDNT COME WITH ACCESSORIES !!!! You suck body Back companyIt does work but its not what I ordered . Will be returning ... not happy .
 this really wasnt worth the little bit i spent on it , it cut off when rubbing against temples . The attachments arent very soothing either ... . not worth it !!!!!!!!!!!
 it feels really good with lots of lube but its way too tight and this causes it to rip after 1 use dont buy it
 I have had headaches and upset stomach from this product . I have stopped taking it twice and started again and the problems came back each time . I do n't know which of the ingredients is causing my problem . If you have n't taken this before , I suggest you start with a small amount in case you have similar reactions .
 Geez , this was probably the worst tasting Met-Rx bar I 've had yet ! I 've tasted cookie dough , double chocolate chip , and others -- all which I 've enjoyed . But there was something about this one that just tasted funny . A chemical aftertaste difficult to describe but definitely not pleasant to the palate . I bought a box of 12 , so now I have to eat it all before I can get more . Consumre with lots of water and maybe a fruit -LRB- banana works well -RRB- to counter the aftertaste . I 'm sure it has all the protein I need , but just wish it tasted better ! Eww !
 Try a different flavor !!! I purchase all of the Big 100 bars and found this flavor -LRB- Chocolate Chip Graham Cracker -RRB- to be the worst ! We ate 2 out of the box and threw the rest away - they were disgusting !
 I must have ordered this thinking it was one of the Big 100 Colossal bars , which have all been fantastic . I have n't tried a flavor of those I have n't enjoyed . These are a poor substitute . The flavor is incredibly artificial and nowhere near either chocolate chip or graham cracker . Where it missed the mark , it landed somewhere between too salty and too sweet . The texture was another major sticking point for me . It somewhat resembled the feel of raw cookie dough , or perhaps more accurately , silly putty.Pass on the Big 100 line entirely and go straight to the Big 100 Colossal . They cost about the same , but you 'll actually enjoy all 12 , rather than eating the first two and leaving the rest in the break room at work .
 i thought it would be more of a graham cracker texture than a cookie dough . It does fill you though .
 do n't get this flavor - I could n't even finish a half a bar . Try the salty and sweet , the peanut butter pretzel , and the apple pie - all delicious !
 I used to enjoy MetRx bars 10-12 years ago when they were a drier consistency . When I tastd these my reaction was Bleah ! The newer formula now tastes like badly flavored modeling clay with a plastic aftertaste . In addition fat and calorie count have skyrocketed . Definitely off my recommended list .
 I 'm not picky about how my supplements taste , and I like most of the other Big 100 bars , but this one is awful . It tastes like several of the cheapest liquors you can buy mixed together , and almost burns your throat like it too for that matter . I wanted to throw it out every time I took a bite . Save your taste buds and your wallet , and pick another flavor .
 This wee unit is so delightfully tiny you can indeed stuff it into any of your pockets with room to spare . It 's ergonomically , pleasingly shaped , allowing you to place two thumb pads upon it and -- within mere seconds -- receive a body-fat-percentage reading -LRB- shown on its highly legible , LCD display -RRB- . It even flashes a cute little humanoid icon to classify your condition as underweight , healthy , slightly overweight , overweight , or obese . It has eight user memories . It 's easy to input a user 's weight , height , age , and gender for any of those memories . Its instruction manual comprises ten well-written and profusely illustrated pages , including a little `` body fat recommendation '' chart . Its price is dirt-cheap . It bears the well-known `` Taylor '' logo . Its long-life , lithium battery comes pre-installed and is user-replaceable . The overall , concept , then , is consummately superb . And -- best of all -- its body-fat readings are said to be accurate to within 0.1 % . Alas -LRB- having now used this unit myself -RRB- , I simply do not believe the latter claim . I seriously doubt that it renders an ACCURATE body-fat reading , nor am I confident that it 's even remotely CLOSE to accurate.Several months ago I purchased yet another Taylor product that purportedly provides an `` accurate '' body-fat reading . I refer to the Taylor model 5563 `` body fat scale '' , which I happened to buy from my neighborhood -LRB- Kansas City area -RRB- Wal-Mart store for under $ 39 but which you MIGHT likewise be able to find via on-line vendors . -LRB- As of this writing , it 's not shown at Wal-Mart 's web site but is shown at the manufacturer 's own site . -RRB- This latter Taylor product gives me radically different body-fat results than those via Taylor 's above , handheld product . Case in point , whereas the above , handheld product reports my body-fat as being 19 % -LRB- or sometimes marginally less than that -RRB- , my Taylor model 5563 SCALE reports my body-fat as being `` 11.5 % to 13.5 % '' . -LRB- Note
 The first day I used it , I kept getting inconsistent readings . I had either 27 % or 5 % body fat , I 'm not sure which . I knew I was n't at 5 % for sure , since I 'm not a world class athlete and do have some fat on me from a lack of physical activity since having 3 kids , so I figured that 27 % had to be accurate . But then it started acting weird and shutting off by itself while I was using it or losing the memory , so I put in a new battery . It seemed to be more consistent after that with readings in the range of 27 % , but then the malfunctioning happened again the next day . I ca n't say if the readings were ever accurate , since I had nothing to compare it to , but the malfunctioning made it a definite return to the store .
 Indeed , this device is very attractive from a visual aspect . However , I will attest to the fact that it will give you an accurate reading to within .1 % of someone 's body fat . Tanita body fat scale shows me at 21.7 % , this product reports me at 29.7 % . I wanted to report no stars , but the product review wo n't accept it .
 I bought this Analyzer for its size and that is all it has going for it . When first purchased it allowed me to enter my height in Feet and inches and my weight in pounds . However after a few days it randomly switched to Kg and cm . No matter what I try it will not switch back . That would be forgivable were it not for the gross inaccuracy of its overall performance . When I first used it I was told I had 26 % body fat , later that same day I met with a trainer at my gym who , using calipers , measured my body fat at 15 % . In short this thing sucks .
 This is clearly NOT accurate!I 'm 5 ' 7 , 125 lbs ... and this thing claims my body fat percentage is 26 % -LRB- `` slightly overweight '' -RRB- ! Other methods of measuring -LRB- and common sense -RRB- suggest that this instrument is off by atleast 5 % It 's cheap . Save your $ $ and buy a different `` analyzer '' .
 This body fat analyzer keeps measuring my body fat as being 5 % , which is impossible . I tried holding it a bunch of different ways in case I was holding it wrong , but I ca n't get a more accurate reading . Disappointing ; I guess I should not have expected much for the price .
 I am a 28 year old male , 5 '10 and 155lbs . The first unit I purchased was dead on arrival . The second unit says I have 22 % body fat . Professional measurement with a caliper says I 'm around 9 % . Do yourself a favor and buy a more accurate product .
 I bought this body fat analyzer from target after having my body fat professionally measured . No matter what I did , it always read my body fat to be 30.5 % . Now , I 'm no kate moss , but I 'm not at 30 % either ! I even tried it on my overweight boyfriend and his size 0 sister , and surprise ! They too both had 30 % body fat ! Do n't waste your time buying this one , you 'll jsut be returning it shortly .
 This is a complete rip-off piece of `` equipment . '' I am going to try to return it tomorrow -- it analyzes NOTHING except the height/weight of it 's victim -- you put in height , weight , sex , and age then hold the piece of junk between both thumbs and supposedly it `` measures '' your body fat composition -- not . It just takes the height/weight and gives an estimate of `` body fat '' makeup . I have a great deal of built muscle through working out -- a higher than `` normal '' weight for a woman because of this muscle mass -- when I enter as a `` man '' of my weight/height the quackery of a device gives me a much lower fat composition rate than when I enter as a woman of my height/weight . I tested it a number of ways -- as lighter than I am , heavier than I am , taller and shorter and am certain it is NOT measuring anything other than computing height and weight to guesstimate fat % -- same thing you can do on the internet . The ranges it gave me were from 5 % body fat to 41.5 % body fat , consistently based on the sex/height/weight factors , not on anything `` analyzed '' through the `` electric current : '' lololol ... do n't buy it !!!!
 When I bought mine it showed I was 50 % fat . I 'm overweight , I accepted this . After working out for 4 months doing both cardio and weights , along with losing inches I tried it again . I 'm still 50 % fat.My boyfriend who is overweight but has a physical job measured at 5 % body fat . Even with a gut gain of weight he 's still 5 % . We 'll see what the omron one I just purchased tells me , but it 's got to be better !
 Granted this product is convenient and cheap , but that does n't offset it rendering data that is misleading and potentially dangerous . I am 6ft , 175Ibs have a 33 '' waist -LRB- around the belly button -RRB- , workout 4 times a week -LRB- running/weights -RRB- and this little device consistently tells me I have 28 % body fat . It 's saying that of my 175Ib frame about 45Ibs of it is pure fat . Absolutely ridiculous ! I 'm actually much closer to 15 % body fat based on more accurate devices . I mentioned `` dangerous '' in the first sentence because some might actually believe the numbers rendered and go on crash diets or meal/supplement plans.In my opinion , this product is not worth the $ 20 I spent and I do not recommend it . Wish I could find the receipt so that I could return it .
 I bought this for its sleek design and easy to read but it shows different readings even taken 1 minute apart
 While handheld body fat analyzers are not accurate beyonds + / - 2 % , this one is at best inaccurate . But what do you really expect for less than $ 10 ??
 I tried two different units and with both the body fat analyzer inaccurately measured my body fat giving a considerably lower reading than the reading I had received on the computerized YMCA body fat analyzer only days before . I returned both . As always , Amazon.com provided excellent customer service and I had no problems or hassles returning the units either time .
 This thing is plain wrong . Seriously wrong . Apparently , if you have any muscle mass on you , it does n't work . I 'm five foot seven , one hundred forty pounds . I work out somewhat , and have about maybe 10 to 15 pounds max of extra lean muscle mass compared to someone of a similar build who does n't lift weights . A good amount muscle , yes , but no one will every confuse me with a body builder or professional athlete . Measured by trainers at the gym with fat calipers , I 'm about 12-13 % body fat.This machine gives me around 21-22 % body fat . This is wrong , by the simple fact that the more accurate fat calipers are almost 50 % lower , and by the fact that I can still fit in my size 28 jeans.What 's worse is the lack of consistency . In the morning , my body fat will 21.7 % , and by night , it will be 21.3 % , making it completely useless even for measuring change.This is product is laughable and should be avoided .
 I ordered the 3 pack a 3 month supply of Rice n Shine and I took as directed and it did nothing for me it tasted good but alittle gritty . For my health it did nothing as claimed did not lower my blood pressure , cholesterol or help with my diabetes and I felt no boost in my energy level and to tell you the truth this product did nothing for me at all , to me it was a very high priced chocolate dirnk . I would steer clear of this product just another scam .
 I imagine drinking liquid fiberglass would taste better than this . I will never buy this again . I highly doubt I 'll even be able to finish this container . I 'm gagging right now thinking about it .
 This stuff tastes so bad i hold my breath while I guzzle it ... my roomate had it and ive been taking it . I feel like the reviewers above are fake advertisers for the company especially after looking at their reviews .
 Product is showing a little difference at this time , will continue to use hoping for great results .
 this product tastes exactly like magnesium oilthat 's because it is the same.I believe the strong taste is from the chloride - other ionic mineral companies do n't include the chloride in their productsIonic magnesium by other companies seems to taste okay , not this brand thoughfind another ionic mineral company who know what they are doing
 I ca n't never believe that I bought a product at Amazon.com that was listed `` NEW '' but it actually was opened product before.The seller should explained it on the descriptions .
 This has been a fiasco . I have yet to receive the correct heads from you . I had returned the ones that you had incorrectly shipped to me . However , I did receive the ones I had ordered from the person to whom you incorrectly had shipped to them .
 My first razor lasted me 20 years without any replacement blades.It was a self sharpening . Now , they found it much more profitable toreplace the blades every year.I 've looked for razor with self sharpening blades . I would n't mindpaying a little more up front for it , but they do n't make them any more.My blades are pretty much unusable after one year now . I have to buya new replacement set for $ 39 . Next , I think they 'll discontinue the old blades , forcing you to buy a newrazor as well .
 Two weeks after purchase , no product or any email received even though Amazon said ship in 1-2 business day , and no reply to email query . Then I complained to Amazon and waited another week to get the product.The product is ok for use on body front where I can reach . Though most useful treatment should be on the back where I could not reach and the sucking device does not provide a soft tube to make it possible unless get help from second person.By the way , I tried to buy this product from same seller on Ebay and was over-bidded by some bidders , but then I was told they do n't want to buy and I can buy it with the MAXIMUM price I set . It feels like manipulation . Either seller or Ebay was not reasonable .
 These cups are plastic . The description at the time I bought them failed to mention that , and it 's important . Also , they arrived missing the suction/handle piece , so were useless right out of the box . I 'm going to go with glass ones from massagecupping-nw . com
 I bought an Orion Dynamo Pro 17 two years ago . I used it 3 or 4 times and then put it in the garage for a year . After that , it would not accept a charge . It was completely dead . I checked into replacing the battery for $ 50 , but it requires completely disassembling the unit . I think the lead-acid battery technology is terrible and this unit is not made for battery replacement .
 I bought this item directly from Orion to power my Meade LX 200 GPS telescope . I bought it in mid-season and I could n't use it because I needed to order a special DC adaptor from Meade . As a result of the delays I never even got to use it . I was charged it up and it sat for almost year inmy closet without being used.When I got it out to ues it , it was , of course drained so I tried to recharge it . It was totslly dead and would n't accept a charge or even show any signs of accepting currant . Since their return warranty is only good for 30 days there is no recourse as a customer . I paid almost a hundred and twenty dollars for this door stop and feel like I got ripped off , big-time . I 'm going to call Orion and see if they 'll stand behind their product but I 'm not hopeful , considering the time that has passed .
 This is the second Cricket Micro Hair Trimmer I have purchased through Amazon . The first one worked fine for several months . The second one lasted about 3 weeks . It is great when it works but the longevity is a problem .
 This is BY FAR the worst makeup product I have ever purchased . I suppose my first mistake was buying a lime green pencil in the first place , but it just looked like so much fun ! I put it on my eyelids over Urban Decay Primer Potion , it ended up on my cheeks less than 5 minutes later . I swear I could feel it sliding ... gross ! It really feels like you 're just smearing grease on your face . So I washed it off and thought I 'd try layering it to see if that helped ... I put it on and tried putting a powder shadow over it to see if I could get it to `` set '' ... nope . I put a powder shadow on and then put this over it to see if I could just get a neat effect that way ... nope , just made a mess . Fortunately , I kept my receipt and returned it . Do n't waste your money !
 This product came in an embarrasing sex toy advertised box . I was hoping to purchase a regular enema set that you used to see at stores like Walgreens . The red nozzles are cheap plastic . I really do n't think it 's worth this price .
 I used Unique Septic System Digester , and Unique Drain Opener . After eight applications of the products , my drain is still clogged . I can only conclude that this product is a scam .
 My oldest son has a pillow that is shaped like a bus that you can record messages on . He LOVES it . My younger son does too . . thus lots of fights . So when I saw this pillow I jumped on it . Words can not express how disappointed I was with the quality . First , the pillow is pretty small , and the the recording device is like this giant box right in the middle of it . So , not too fun to cuddle with . Recording the message is like learning Latin ... then when I finally got it recorded , the quality wss so poor it was n't even fun to listen to . It was scratchy , like the speaker was blown . Needless to say I returned to Amazon for a refund ... my search for a quality recordable pillow continues ... . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !
 Maybe this thermometer is good . I would n't know . I got it in the mail and used it a total of 3 times for my toddler . When I really needed it in the middle of the night , it started blinking an upside-down triangle . Since there was NO manual , I did n't know what that meant . When I mean no manual , it came in packaging and that 's it . Nothing else . Luckily I had a backup thermometer . I finally found some online manual through the ADC website , which showed that the battery was weak . FYI , you need a really small screwdriver and the small battery type is not easy to find . It 's been 2 months and I 'm still periodically working on getting this back to work . Bottom line , I 'm a minimalist , but sending me something with zero instructions really sucks .
 Thermometers I received are not even similar to the ones that I ordered -LRB- the one pictured -RRB- . They do not work as well as the one pictured either -LRB- which I had ordered previously & love -RRB- . Extremely disappointed .
 I have purchased this product with great expectation . But when I opened the box , the thermometer did not work . There was a strange sound but the device did not indicate any number . First , I thought it was due to the battery but later realized that the cables within the device were not welded at all . This must have been a defective product . I have read similar complaints in the product reviews , and am really , really disappointed !!
 I read all the reviews and decided upon this thermometer . Big mistake . I have arthritis in my hands that is n't yet severe , but makes gripping a bit difficult . I had to struggle to get the sheeth off . There was n't enough unsheathed thermometer to give me space for a good grip . It worked OK as far as temp was concerned , but it was difficult to shut off . You have to push in on the end of the thermomether , and it kept turning off and on again . After months of wellness , and therefore no need of a thermometer , I took it out this morning to use , and it would not turn on . I struggled to get the cover off to check the battery and can find no way to change it . The thing no longer turns on , so I went back to one of the old mercury ones left from my childhood . Very disappointed . Save your money . I think the designer was more interested in making it look like a cool sort of space probe than on whether it was actually usable . Must have been a Treky .
 I opened the box and tried turning it on and it would n't turn on no matter how much I pressed the button and there was a battery in there . I guess it was a faulty one .
 I was so excited to find this thermometer . It worked great for about a week . It gave great readings on me , and both my 1 and 3 year olds quickly . Then one of them got another cold , and the thing wo n't read a temperature anymore . No reason for it . It just beeps , says the reading is too low , then clicks off . Unfortunately , I 'd have to say this is junk .
 The reason I am writing this review is to WARN PEOPLE ! If you are sick , you need a true reading of what your actual temperature is , so do n't take it out of your mouth when it beeps in just a few seconds !!!!! This thermometer did &#34; beep &#34; in just a few seconds , like the directions and other reviewers said ! Wow -- impressive ! Until I read it -- 97.3 . Whaaat ?!! I know my normal temp is about 99 . I left it in my mouth for something like 8-9 minutes just to see if that would give me a true temperature reading . At that point it was reading 98.9 so I figure it is accurate enough , but ONLY if you leave it in your mouth long enough ! That 's the message I want to share with current and future owners of this thermometer.If your temperature is really 103 or whatever , but you see 99 or 100 when it first begins to beep in a few seconds , you might think you 're in the &#34; normal range &#34; and that you do n't have a fever , when you really do ! The directions say normal temps run from 97-100 . That 's why I 'm taking the time to write a review -- because people who are sick might think they are not.This is the fourth thermometer I 've tried at this price . They were all the same , you wo n't get a true read in seconds with any of them , you have to wait for several minutes . If you really want a thermometer that gives a true read in a matter of seconds you -LRB- and I =oD -RRB- will have to spend a lot more money . After all the reviews saying it truly is fast , I am really disappointed . .
 i did some research to find the right thermometer and this was a going one on Amazon . I got it and when my 7 month old daughter had temperature , each time I used it within one minute , the temperature readings showed different numbers . It was extremely inconsistent and a waste of money to purchase . If a child has 104 temperature the thermometer should read very near that each time you take or double check the amount and the numbers should not fluctuate , its not about moods .
 it was off by 1.5 degrees but not consistently . That can be the difference between a trip to the hospital and not . Useless , and now in the trash .
 I purchased this thermometer before my daughter was born . I put the battery in when I received it . The first time I went to use it , the battery was dead . I thought maybe we 'd left the thermometer on -LRB- even though product claimed it automatically turns off after 10 minutes -RRB- . We got a new battery , which we installed . We made sure we turned the thermometer off after testing it . When I went to use the thermometer within three weeks of installing the new battery , the battery was dead . It 's too bad , but this thermometer was a complete waste of money .
 It does n't seem like most people got a dud like I did . I got ONE temperature reading out of it , and that was it . It no longer cooperated . It would turn on , but would not make any reading . It still has it battery in it unfortunately and turns itself on for no apparent reason . I 've had it for three months , and it still continues to turn on/off on its own .
 This thermometer was very accurate and easy to use in the 15 minutes that it worked . Regrettably , it also is not returnable .
 It is next to impossible to tell from the instructions how to operate this thermometer . Examples
 Being over 50 , I had high hopes for this product . I so wanted to recapture that excitement with my husband . I tried it for 2 months , taking as directed . I noticed no change whatever . I 'm still in love with my husband and he with me regardless .
 Well she said her hot flash symptoms are less intense when taking this product . I do n't know if the supplement does everything it claims , but it did have some effect on her . Maybe a placebo effect , I 'm not a Dr. do I ca n't say for sure ; -RRB-
 Totally useless product . Not one of their claims has any truth . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 Since they last about 3 months before the piezo electric igniter quits snapping properly .
 I have gotten this product on a subcription basis for over a year at a reasonable price of $ 18 . This month , the supplier was switched and the price tripled . In the past when I was charged this amount , I got three bags . I have contacted Amazon three times and they say the price is correct . You can buy it anywhere else much cheaper . You can even buy it cheaper on another Amazon site . The product is great but the price here has to be a mistake that no one seems interested in correcting . It even says `` packages '' in the advertisement . I am returning mine .
 I bought this product in Sept. 2008 for 18.79 , now look at the price of 49.50 . I contacted Amazon about this price several times and got the run around . Google this product and you can buy this from multiple places and get free shipping , plus get it for 18.99 .
 What obviously should have been listed as a three-pack of 36 pads each for $ 49.50 is a priced -LRB- AND SHIPPED -RRB- single pack of 36 pads . If this is , as Amazon claims , a change in supplier that has resulted in this HUGE increase , then Amazon NEEDS TO FIND ANOTHER SUPPLIER . Telling their customers that this is a legitimate product price increase just shows that Amazon.com is not paying attention to their customers AND their products . I hope someone at Amazon.com is looking at these recent reviews , since they do n't seem to be taking their e-mails seriously about this ludicrous price increase ! For people who need this product for medical problems , many of whom are on fixed incomes , these pads can still be found elsewhere for between $ 17 and $ 19 for a package of 36 pads .
 For several months , I have been waiting for Amazon to correct this listing . Today I went to the local Walmart store and bought it for $ 10.97 with the same number of pads . I check the package carefully for the registered trade mark of `` Serenity TENA Ultimate '' . I found it clearly on the package . Would Walmart sell a counterfeit product ?
 I had this on auto ship for a loved one who is ill , at a price of $ 15.12 . Out of the blue , Amazon raised the price without prior notification to the current $ 42.08 auto ship price . This item is available at most online drugstores in the same size for a maximum price of $ 18.99 . I have canceled the auto ship and have returned this last shipment . This has to be an error on Amazon 's part , but the best the very polite customer service representatives could do was issue me a return label , I was told upon receipt my last charge would be refunded . Very disappointed in Amazon for having raised the price like this on an auto ship . I have discontinued several auto ships I had with Amazon , as I fear this may be a new policy with them , and I have no desire to have to be returning things all the time . Pity . It is a fine product but get it elsewhere .
 Fist let me say that I have used Tena for a long time . I have usually been very satisfied with it.The last two purchases were not that great . In the first one , 2 of the pads were not usable as they split as soon as you took the tape off.On the next package , there were 6 of the same thing . I am hoping that this is not a regular thing as these pads are expensive and should be intact.Hopefully this will be fixed soon and I can upgrade this review because I really like this product .
 I can not believe these prices . That 's a rip ! I pay $ 5.47 for one package of 36-count -LRB- at Walmart -RRB- , and it is the very same thing .
 The picture is misleading , these are not clean white , but still have the purple dye . It seem impossible to find a decent solution to the purple dye .
 I have been purchasing this product and it is perfect for my needs . But all of a sudden the price was jacked up from $ 18 to $ 46 + . I am a senior lady on a fixed income and can not afford to pay $ 1.50 per pad - this is ridiculous . I told Amazon to cancel , got a confirmation of the cancellation , then the next day got a confirmation that the order was shipped . So , I have to refuse it when it comes as I wo n't pay that much for the product . Back to checking the local brick and mortar stores . Too bad as I liked the subscription delivery , but do n't want to be gouged .
 Cancelled my subscribe and save subscription , 'cause with the multiple price increases , it 's cheaper in stores . Too bad , because it was quite convenient . Pads are great , just not at the price they 're charging . I feel like a victim of `` bait and switch '' tactics .
 This stuff does n't work the way the manufacturer claims it does . I followed the instructions to the letter , and washed every piece afterwards with soap and water , and the tarnish still did n't come off . I might as well have used any silver cleaner from the grocery store .
 I have tried this product on two occasions , one with bad tarnish , the next with slight tarnish . Both times not a bit of tarnish was removed . Save your money and buy the regular old silver cleaner ...
 This product is advertised as a lamp . It is NOT a lamp . It is only a lampshade . When it arrives , it does n't come with any hardware or instructions , so you do n't know what hardware to buy so you can actually use it , much less how to attach it to any hardware . Waste of money and way more trouble than it 's worth .
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 I thought better of foster grant . These were flimsy and cheaply made . Scratched easily and the arm springs gave out in one day for all 3 . I guess 3 pair for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks tells me you get what you pay for . Definitely will not buy these again .
 This is a tough item to rate . A Zippo is a Zippo is a Zippo -- Guaranteed to light in a hurricane , lifetime warranty , sturdy , and will last for generations if properly cared for . The mechanism is tried and true . Zippos are five star items.So , you ask , why only a single star?Well , I 'll tell you . There are about 50,000 different Zippo cases out there , some of them interesting . The MLB Zippos all have the various team logos on them , and if you 're a dedicated fan -LRB- or a Zippo collector -RRB- you 'll want your favorite team -LRB- or all of them -RRB- . Otherwise , this one just does n't do it for me . It 's dull . Like everything else associated with the Marlins -LRB- except their cheerleading Mermaids -RRB- , it 's merely adequate -LRB- the Mermaids are exceptional , but of course , the Marlins messed with success by hiring a contingent of fat , old , bald guys to goof as `` The Manatees '' -RRB- . We can thank the baseball gods however , that they 've pretty much done away with dyeing everything the color teal . I was always afraid to go to a game because I figured they 'd paint the fans teal . It would n't be that hard . Marlins fans hardly move.Sure , they 've won the World Series twice . But the first win was bought and paid for by assembling a dream team which barely outlasted that season , and the second one was more fluky than Billy The Marlin . If the truth be known , the Marlins are an adequate team that plays adequate ball around the .500 mark . They have adequate TV announcers whose call of the game sounds like two guys who attended Florida Atlantic University as Communications Majors and got good , but not outstanding , grades . They play in Dolphins Stadium , a place that 's adequate for baseball but is built for , and redolent of , football . Even the teal belongs to the Dolphins , who used it first.Considering that the Marlins COULD draw a huge contingent of New York and New England transplants and an equally huge contingent of baseball-loving Latin Americans where they are , it 's pretty sad that the Mets are greeted like the home team when they come to town , and even the fans in the Founder 's Club seats wear `` NY '' on their caps and shirts.Just building them a stadium is n't the answer . Maybe if the Marlins would stop being merely adequate -LRB- even as Series winners -RRB- and started exerting themselves , they 'd really catch on in South Florida . Forget the teal , boys , it 's a hospital color that puts me to sleep . Give me electric blue or black and yellow . Give me a team that does n't mind getting dirty , and fans that cheer when they do . And lose this lighter , which is the apotheosis of milquetoast tedium in teal .
 My oldest son has a pillow that is shaped like a bus that you can record messages on . He LOVES it . My younger son does too . . thus lots of fights . So when I saw this pillow I jumped on it . Words can not express how disappointed I was with the quality . First , the pillow is pretty small , and the the recording device is like this giant box right in the middle of it . So , not too fun to cuddle with . Recording the message is like learning Latin ... then when I finally got it recorded , the quality wss so poor it was n't even fun to listen to . It was scratchy , like the speaker was blown . Needless to say I returned to Amazon for a refund ... my search for a quality recordable pillow continues ... . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !
 I thought better of foster grant . These were flimsy and cheaply made . Scratched easily and the arm springs gave out in one day for all 3 . I guess 3 pair for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks tells me you get what you pay for . Definitely will not buy these again .
 Big tube which is always nice , but the product was just like a stick of chalk for me . Not much mositure and the smell was n't as it was described so I returned it .
 This stuff does not work ! I followed the directions exactly with no results . Then I read on the internet that Quickshine works if you boil the water so I tried it . It seem to loosen up the grime , but I still had to polish it by hand . Save your money , use toothpaste .
 I thought better of foster grant . These were flimsy and cheaply made . Scratched easily and the arm springs gave out in one day for all 3 . I guess 3 pair for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks tells me you get what you pay for . Definitely will not buy these again .
 Almost twice as expensive as anywhere else :-LRB- come on amazon
 These bags are tough and convenient to use , but whatever chemicals are used to perfume these is strong and unpleasant smelling to me . The smell is strong enough that it makes my eyes sting and water a little bit . I feel that the strong perfume smell overwhelms any trash odors rather than these bags having any actual de-oderizing ability.Because of the strong , unpleasant smell I 'm very unlikely to ever buy these again .
 Whatever they use to make these bags smell `` good '' is very far from pleasant . I honestly prefer the way garbage smells over these bags . Every time I open my cabinet to throw the trash away , all I can smell are these trash bags and it is repulsing . It makes me avoid throwing things away and taking out the garbage -LRB- much less putting in a new bag -RRB- because the smell is so strong and nauseating . Never again will I buy these . I 'm going back to the good old normal trash bags . I should n't have to avoid that area of my kitchen just because of a trash bag . I mean really .
 Do not buy these bags . Not only do they leak , but I ended up with 100 + defective bags out of an order of 6 boxes . I finally got down to the last box and every single one I pulled out of the box was defective . The seal along one side stopped about 3 '' from the bottom of every bag , so there is a hole in the bottom . Imagine my shock the first time I discovered a defective bag when a bunch of garbage poured out after i took it out of the can . My return window on Amazon had expired , so I emailed Glad and they sent me an $ 8 coupon . I will never again buy Glad bags .
 I like the idea of these bags -- with built in pleasant odor . However , every time I place these bags on a standard size 13 gallon trash bin around the rim , they break rather easily . And if the tie string does n't break around the rim then it will almost always break when tying it . I 've rarely had this problem with other bags especially from well known companies like Glad . The bag itself never leaked but I like to tie up my trash as pictured on the front of the box . Good luck on doing that ! It 's possible that I received a bad batch , but I think I 'll try a different manufacture next time .
 I really did not like these bags.As far as their functionality , they do their job well . But the whole `` good smell '' feature really backfired on me : Every time I smell the trash , I smell the Febreeze . And so therefore every time I smell the Febreeze , I smell my trash ! And these bags are so pungent that I now can always smell my garbage from around the corner.I regretted buying these bags after only a few uses , and I ca n't WAIT to go back to normal bags so that my apartment no longer has to reek of Febreezed trash .
 I took the product for about a week . Did n't notice any impact , except that it made my stomach burn for about an hour . Probably should be taken on a full stomach .
 I was really upset at the size of this . Smaller than my pinky finger and the ball barely rolls out anything . I loved Headon Migraine and since it 's out , I tried this . No help at all . . I 'd have to use the entire bottle . Save your $ 7 and rub on Vicks Vapor Rub .
 This product has a cooling effect and smells nice but does not relieve any type of migraine symptoms that I have .
 This burned my eyes and made me feel ill from the smell . It is So tiny , what a rip off.this is the cheapest lavender i ever smelledi do n't like wasting money , , , , and so do n't buy it , , , , it 's NO Head On.so , to make my point i 'm returning it ... it 's just a bunch of smelly oils , , , ICK !
 I got this for a friend who gets lots of headaches from stress . Another friend recommended it so I went ahead and ordered it -LRB- kind of expensive , considering the size and simple ingredients -RRB- . It did absolutely nothing for him . Yes , I was disappointed , but that 's life .
 Did not work for me.All submitted reviews are subject to the license terms set forth in our Conditions of Use.Your reviews will be posted within 48 hours.Submissions that do not follow our review guidelines will not be posted.You must be over 13 in order to submit a review for this item.If you believe that the product you are reviewing is unsafe , please report this information to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission -LRB- CPSC -RRB- or contact Amazon.com directly .
 I can barely feel any difference between using this and not using it . I 'm going to try something like icy hot but without the hot , something that actually feels cold when applied . This was a big disappointment as it produced almost no sensation of cold at all , nothing even close to what 's needed for relief .
 I thought better of foster grant . These were flimsy and cheaply made . Scratched easily and the arm springs gave out in one day for all 3 . I guess 3 pair for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks tells me you get what you pay for . Definitely will not buy these again .
 Advantages : Easy to assemble.Does not take much space in the room.Disadvantages : The hight is NOT adjustabl.The toilet seat is so small . The old man can not do number 1 and 2 without making a mess .
 I dont know how I feel about this product . I used it for a while , it didnt make my teeth super white , in fact I dont even know if I had results . my teeth were bleached years ago and well I only wanted a touch up but I saw no difference .
 I bought this and tried two months ago . I used it very often and hoped to see some result , but I have to say it does n't work to me .
 No way I can keep it in for 5 mins . The gel inevitably does not touch only the teeth . It burns my gums , tongue , and lips . I give it two stars cause it does seem to have some whitening effect even if I can only handle a minute or two .
 I bought this product looking for a low-cost alternative to whitening my teeth . I must say that my teeth did start to look whiter after a week or so , but please be aware that you CAN NOT SWALLOW ANY OF THE PRODUCT . I made the HUGE mistake of trying to talk with the trays in my mouth and I inadvertently swallowed a little of the whitening product . I did n't think it was going to be a big deal since I had swallowed a little of the Crest White strip whitening agent before . However , the next 5 hours were the worst 5 hours of my life . The whitening agent literally poisoned me and I was throwing up and had diarrhea every 20 minutes or so as I felt it crawling slowly through my insides . I have n't used it since as I am afraid to swallow it again , but those who are more careful wo n't have this problem since it was easy to not swallow any product the first several times I used it , as long as I did n't talk . In the product 's defense , there is a poison warning in the product description , but who reads these things all the way through ? The other times it also hurt my gums since the mouth guard does n't prevent it from spilling out , which is a huge no-no for teeth whiteners to come in contact with your gums . I will never use this product again .
 I got canker sores on my tongue while using this . It was painful and i couldnt use the product anymore . I also read teeth whiteners can cause cancer . I think its better to spend more money on the strips and not risk the whitener touching your gums , teeth , etc
 So i bought this 5 minute whitening kit because they said it was really good . But when i got it i tried it and it was like it did not work at all . It did n't make my teeth any whiter and believe e i have really yellow teeth because i drink alot of SODA .
 I SENT A EMAIL TO THE COMPANY AS MY TUBES ALL EXPANDED TO AN EXPLOSIVE SIZE AND WHEN I OPENED ONE OF THE TUBES I ORDERED THE BUBBLING LIQUID CAME SHUTTING OUT . WHEN I PUT IT IN MY WHITENING TRAY IT BURNED MY TONGUE . I HAVE USED THIS PRODUCT BEFORE WITH GOOD RESULTS , ALTHOUGH I HAD WHITENED FROM A GEL THAT I ORDERED THROUGH MY DENTIST . I HAD USED THIS GEL FOR RETOUCHING . I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED AND ADVISE IF YOU GET TUBES THAT SWELL UP AND IMPLODE ON OPENING WITH LIQUID BUBBING INSTEAD OF A CLEAR GEL THAT YOU PLEASE DO N'T USE IT AND SEND IT BACK !!!!!!
 my problem is that you have to use this 2x a day for 2 weeks . I did it for a week and didnt notice a whole lot . I got discourage and stopped using it . I guess I would preffer a strip i just stick on and peel off , or a treatment i only have to do once a day for say . . a week or less . This required 28 applications in 2 weeks .
 4 words ... . IT DOES N'T EVEN WORK !!!! Total waste of my ass busting money . YOU CAN GO SHOVE IT RIGHT UP FOR HAIRY STINKY ASS !
 Bought this from Wal-Mart for 6 dollars and some change . This product seems to work rather well and I noticed results within a day or so . The only problem and thing that has made me stop using it is that the gel is hard to get our of your mouth . I have n't used it in about 2 or 3 days now and this morning was still pulling that nasty gel out of my mouth -LRB- and that 's with Listerine rinsing/brushing twice a day and flossing once a day ... Absolutley disgusting . But , nonetheless , teeth seem whiter .
 They used to make this product quite effective . As a matter of fact it makes your teeth whiter.It works , BUT recently -LRB- 1-2 years -RRB- the product is too liquid , it is not a gel it is water , how am I supposed to put it on the tooth ?!?!?! And the green concentrate that you dissolve in water is enough for 9 to 11 bleaches and then what am I to do with this watery gel and no green prep ?!?!?! Really dissapointed
 I bought this kit based on a recommendation I read . I do n't even try to use it any more because I can not get the plastic guard molded to fit . It is too large and I ca n't get it tight enough to my teeth to do any good .
 The package i received it in was quite bashed up , but , i didnt think that wud affect the product inside . but . this product didnt really do much for me , in fact , it didnt make any difference at all . sorry for the downer review !
 I wanted to try this because of the price , but I guess you get what you pay for ... I wasnt impressed with this product at all . It says to put a small amount on the mouth tray but thats about impossible ... the gel is so thick and the opening of the tub is so big that you cant apply a small amount . and it says to wipe off any gel from a place other than your teeth but I couldnt after I put in the tray . It was so thick that it got on my tounge and gums , I was able to wipe off my gums but I couldnt wipe it off my tounge after I put in the mouth tray ... and to top it off , I went threw all this and didnt see hardly any results . I wouldnt recoment it .
 The first time I use it I felt sick but I did not connect to the product then I used again another day , and again I GOT very SICK no more of it for me into the garbage !! BE CAREFUL !!!
 I used it for a week dont notice anything , and its annoying to use that mouth tray cause of spit gets in your mouth within the 5 minutes . . and its very uncomfortable
 Hi everyone!I 've used this product for around 2 1/2 weeks , used it twice a day for approx . 20min , and the result was not really as I expected ! I definitely will not buy this stuff anymore and will try to found out some other whitening product that suits my needs far much better ! Sorry to say this , but I think this 5-min Plus White System is a waste od money!P.S . At least the delivery speed was fantastic , 7-day total ! However , this ca n't make up for the results that were not even close to those stated on the product !
 I 'm Asia and my teeth is a bit yellow . So I decided to give it a try because it 's so cheap . I bought this from walmart since it 's much cheaper -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- there . I applied the gel first time this morning and it was ok , my gum hurt a bit . However , when I reapplied it again this evening , it burned my gum even I did carefully wiped any gel out . But once the gel touched my gum , it burned my gum and hurt so much . I could n't endure it even one minute . Now my gum is white and swollen . I do n't know if it will work but I wo n't try it again . Please consider before buying .
 I used it twice today and it hurt so much ! First the upper right on my gums were in a lot of pain . It burned . I tried my best to not let it touch my gums but it 's inevitable . Then I just used it 10 minutes ago and the bottom right of my gums were burning ! It hurt so much and when i took it off on area where my tooth and gum were was completely white ! My gum was white and I looked diseased ! I was so scared but my mom said it was most likely plaque that the gel stuck onto when i applied it that made it look that way . It honestly just burns to much . I understand pain is beauty sometimes but i 'll deal with the couple yellows I have in my mouth for now . Lol . I only have about 4 teeth on the sides of my mouth that are n't white so I 'm def returning this at walmart ASAP !
 I used this with a tray 2 x a day 10 min a day each time . NO RESULTS . Will stick with the BriteWhite pen or whatever you call it that seems to at least get some results . I know my teeth are moderately stained , not extremely . Went by the positive reviews . I just drink coffee , not smoke . The positive reviews failed me this time !
 I used whole product and I followed directions but product did not make ANY difference at all . Waste of money ...
 This product is 25 % chamomile by weight , as noted in fine print on the side of the box . Though it may be beneficial for many people , someone who is pregnant , asthmatic , or who has pollen allergy should proceed with caution and not consume chamomile without understanding potential health effects . A caution is given on the package
 these gloves are very thin but more importantly , they become sticky -- I mean the latex sticks to itself ! If used for cooking or cleaning the gloves just deteriorate into a sticky mess . I 'm going to see if I can return these terrible things . hope so .
 Im not sure why , but this Cerama Bryte Spray doesnt work nearly as good as the wipes . It goes on unevenly and runs down the appliance no matter how light I try to apply it.Im going to stick with the wipes . .
 I have not yet contacted the company , but after taking this , increasing the dosage to large amounts , have yet to get a Niacin flush , to tell me I 've had Niacin . I bought these because I 'm very sensitive and I do n't like the flushing I get with sublinguals and tabs . I thought I 'd find out how much is `` too much '' for me , then cut back . I have gone to taking up to 6 dropperfulls at a time with no energy , no effect at all . Trying to contact the company , but I 'm having no effect at all from this product , not even the one I do n't like . -
 This stuff tastes so disgusting . It does n't matter what you put it in or how diluted it is . The nasty taste is still present . I am ordering the capsule form immediately and ditching this stuff .
 I bought this to use when my baby is born instead of the injection that they can get at birth . I took the bottle to my midwife today and she said that the dosage is too low . You are supposed to give infants 2mg of vitamin k per week for a certain number of weeks . This entire bottle contains enough vitamin k for just 1 dosage , while the drops my midwife uses contain the recomended dosage in just 2 drops . This vitamin k supplement supplies 55mcg -LRB- or .055 mg -RRB- per dropper full , with 43 servings -LRB- droppers full -RRB- per bottle .
 I have a order description that plainly says Ultra Plus which is the exact thing ordered back in Dec for an elderly relative . When opened it had Heavy as style and when I click on the order still saying Ultra Plus it takes me to Heavy which is not what I ordered . It is as if the code changed in mid order . I have checked three times and even though the word HEAVY is not in my order line description you get taken to the Heavy product . That is not what was expected . We will make do for her , but when I order with the plastic thing from the last order in front of me and match the photo even , and get the description using the correct name , I do n't expect to get later a different product style on something in the medical world for my relative . This is very rare with Amazon ordering to happen to me . She will use it , but I wo n't order this again on line so I can make sure it does not mutate in mid stream for something this intimately important to her quality of life . I ca n't take the chance .
 My beef is not with the product itself , we 've ordered them before and they fill the bill completely . My unresolved problem is the way out of line price . In 9/08 the price for 1 pkg . was $ 17.79 ... same pkg . is now $ 49.50 !! Returned product , as I found it elsewhere for $ 15.99 . In none of my several calls to customer service could anyone explain the outrageous price increase , except by blaming it on the manufacturer . I do n't think A&P is selling it at a lose to the manufacturer . Check around , not all products are the best price here , in fact some are 3 times more than the supermarkets !
 I DONT KNOW WHAT I GOT . . BUT WASNT WHAT IS PICTURED AT ALL !! IVE BEEN USING TENA FOR 2 YRS THATS ALL -LRB- TRANQUILITY IS THE BEST BUT CANT AFFORD -RRB- I ALWAYS BUY THE TENA `` ULTIMATE '' THICK & SOMETIMES THE THIN ONES THAT ARE GREAT TOO . I SAW THIS SAID EXTRA LONG AND WHY I BOUGHT ... WHEN I TOOK THEM OUT I WAS SURPRISED TO SEE IT HAD A BLUE LINER STRIP IN IT ?? NEVER EVER SAW THAT IN A TENA PAD BEFORE ... I KINDA LIKED THEM BETTER THE WAY THEY LOOKED AND WERE A LITTLE LONGER BUT STILL CONFUSED BECAUSE THE PICTURE HERE DOES `` NOT '' SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THAT STRIP IN THE DESCRIPTION IT DOESNT SAY IT AND NO REVIEWS MENTIONED IT -LRB- USUALLY ALL WHITE SO THOUGHT I 'D COME HERE AND SEE IF ANYONE MENTIONED IT ... BUT NOONE DID SO IM REALLY THINKING I GOT SENT SOMETHING . . OLD ?? BUT THATS NOT THE THING ... THIS IS GROSS I HATE TO MENTION IT BUT AGAIN WHY IM WORRIED I GOT THE WRONG THINGS ... THEY ... REEEEK !!!!!!!!!!!! BEYONK REEEK !! I KNOW YOUR SAYING UM MAYBE ITS YOU ... LIKE I SAID I USE THESE TENA PADS DAILY EVERY SINGLE DAY OF MY LIFE NEVER HAD ONE WHEN GOT WET EVEN JUST A DRIP WOULD MAKE THE PAD HAVE THE ULTIMATE GROSSEST SMELL ! ... I AM RETURNING I ONLY USED 3 WANTED TO VOMIT FROM THE SMELL . . I EVEN DIDNT USE ONE I TOOK `` FRESH AGAIN '' INCONTINENT ODOR SPRAY -LRB- GREAT STUFF SMELL GREAT -RRB- AND WET THE PAD WITH THE THAT AND ... OMG ... THE ODOR CAME OUT !! NOW NOT ONE OF YOU MENTIONED THIS ... SO OBVIOUSLY GOT SOMETHING ELSE INSIDE A TENA PAD ? THIS WAS THE WORST EXPERIENCE I EVER HAD FROM ANYTHING LIKE THIS ! SO BE BEWARE IF YOU GET A BAG WITH THE PAD AND A BLUE LINER IN THE PAD CHUCK THEM LIKE THEY ARE ON FIRE LOL ...
 Never got them !!! Been so long ! First order was great this one maybe with the holidays ?? Hope to get them soon ! been over 3 weeks now hmmmm ???
 I have been using two different Tena products for the past several months and have found them comparable and maybe just a bit preferable to Poise . I decided to try a different type of Tena , but I am very disappointed in the Tena Serenity Pads . They are extremely uncomfortable and I will not be using the rest of the package -LRB- I have used one pad -RRB- .
 Warning company changed their product !! These pads are now so thin they hold very little moisture . You have to use 2 pads together now , and you know what they cost.They use to be the best on the market it seem like they are making them thinner but keeping the price the same . These are the heavy weight ones , BEWARE .
 I read the reviews , mostly negative , but decided to try them anyway . I still have part of a package purchased a year ago or more and that product is excellent . This new product is terrible . It comes in the same packaging and labeling as the old package but , the quality of the pads is well below par . The material wads up and breaks up when moist , making it very uncomfortable , not to mention the loss of protection . The pads tend to leak at the sides . DO N'T BUY THESE . IT 'S A WASTE OF MONEY !
 Between November 's shipment and December 's , Amazon tripled the price of this item with no warning . I got a shipping notice for TWO orders when I only have a subscription for 1 a month . THEN THERE WAS THE PRICE ! These pads went from around $ 17 to $ 45 ! Now I do n't know about you , but I ca n't afford an unwarranted price increase like this.From now on , I 'll be going to the drug store and paying the regular price even if I have to stop by three of them to find this size .
 Tena -LRB- Serenity -RRB- Ultra , may be `` Twist Proof '' as they currently advertise on their commercials , but they are not Pool Proof . Disintegrates into a masses of wet water logged cotton pieces.However
 These pads use to be the best on the market , but now the company has redone them . The new pads are so thin everything runs right thru them , they are basically worthless . WE SUGGEST YOU DO N'T BUY THEM !!!!!!
 The moderate absorbency long pads are not long at all . They are labeled as such but are just regular length .
 I ordered these thinking they were the clean white product , but they still have the purple dye unlike how the picture portrays them .
 These are the worst bladder control pads I 've ever used , the sides roll into the middle causing a thick roll in the middle of your underwear and the sides of your underwear unprotected . I went back to using pads with wings full coverage and no bunching in the center like these pads . Will NEVER buy again .
 If you imagined the hot shaving cream one used to get at barber shops than you will be disappointed . Not a very good product . I 'm giving mine away .
 I 'll keep it simple . DO NOT buy this Conair model . It 's plain garbage . Try one of the other models . They cost more but at least they work correctly . .
 I had the original lather machine -LRB- which I used Gel shaving cream -RRB- and had no problem . I have been thru three tall cans of Edge Gel and still can not get this piece of junk to work . For one thing the leaflet instructions do not match the instruction on the black tube that holds the can if you ever get it work . It has a press button that has no use at all . Really , it is just too hard to get the shaving cream attached to the top unit . And when you try and it slips off , well when you take the top unit off to try again , it spills gel from every hole on the unit and even from the gel can itself . I really did go thru three cans on gel trying to get it right . And when I finally did get a can to stay on and the unit would no longer release gel indicating that the can was empty , well no there is still many shaves left in the can ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! UPDATE UPDATE 05/03/10 After 4 months of trying to get this thing to work , it landed in the garbage can today . It stop heating , and when I pluged it in the on light came on by itself . And it started to blink , and it blinked and it blinked and it blinked . In between the blinking , I used another can of gel and my tap water -LRB- which gets hotter than this thing -RRB- and I shaved and washed my face and put everything away and so I checked , it blinked and it blinked . So out of curiosity I pushed the button and yes it was still cold and still blinking . After that I unpluged it and tossed it in the garbage . Now I understand that some people say this works like a charm . The only one that worked like a charm for me was the original version that was one piece that attached to the top of the can with no bells and whistles , it lasted me for years . Some things are just better the way they are . FYI you can no longer find this on Conair Store web site , hmmm , maybe they got the message . But not to worry there at plenty on eBay ... lol
 I used to have Conair 's older model of this machine , but it was lost in moving , and I was hoping to replace it with this newer version.This disappointment is no replacement . Yes , the space shuttle-looking controls and switches give it a more modern overall look , but the device 's main function is sorely lacking . Besides , who cares how the controls look if they 're completely non-functional ? The dispensed lather is far from hot -- it 's barely warm , maybe a few degrees over room temperature . Even then , that tiny degree of warming is lost less than a second -LRB- literally -RRB- after pushing the `` Dispense '' button . Anything that comes out after that is no more heated than it would be if you had just taken the can off your medicine cabinet shelf . Turning the temperature switch higher or lower makes no difference whatsoever ; neither does giving the unit more time to get the lather hotter . You can wait all day , it 's just not going to happen.The company warns in the instructions that you should be careful of a possible burst of hot steam that might precede the actual foam . Not to worry - at this lukewarm temperature , it 's safe.The older version of this dispenser was far superior . It 's still around , here at Amazon and on e-bay . Find it . Buy it . Give this one a miss .
 A HUGE con
 This product did not fit the standard shaving cream container like `` EDGE '' , `` Gillette '' , `` Johnson '' `` SKINTIMATE '' by S.C. Johnson or any other manufacturer because the retaining ring that clasps under the lip of the shave cream container was not manufactured correctly . The older model of which we had for 5 years -LRB- probably made in the USA -RRB- was manufactured correctly & lasted until the heating element gave up the Ghost after 1,825 uses . The newer model -LRB- probably made in CHINA -RRB- looks cheaper made and not able to clasp on the lip of the shave cream due to the part that clasps is too small & wrong angle & poor quality . It was NOT a FUN experience for me . We 'll shop for a better model made in the USA . Thank you . ~ Lin .
 product had been used by someone else . would not recomend it at all.why are seven more words required oe me ?
 It did not hold up and the the manufacturer did not honor their warranty . Would not buy their products.This is not a good product . We had bought and used before but the product is no longer good .
 I have it , got it in good time , packaged really well , but the assembly instruction are very evasive a cumbersome .
 This worked fine on the first can but would not work at all on the second can . I tried everything and it just would not work .
 One of the biggest problems with getting a decent shave is temperature . If your skin is too cool , whiskers retract and resist your blade . This product should provide a solution , but it does n't . Obviously , the consumer must provide their own can of lather or gel . It should be noted here that I had to change my preferred brand of shaving gel to use this product , as the configuration of a Nivea can is not compatible . And while a `` key '' -- basically , a small flat-bladed screwdriver -- is provided to assist with removing/prying-off the plastic top of a metal can , the removal is still rather tricky . A little recklessness could send that `` key '' into your hand.Additionally , the installation method for my device differed from the instructions included in the box . However , there were alternate instructions printed on a large , permanently-attached label on the back of the cylindrical base . By squinting at these difficult to see photos , I was able to lock an altered can of Gilette Fusion into place . There was some amount of mess , as you must line up the small tube atop the can with a hole at the base of the actual heating unit . Again , carelessness could result in a lot of wasted gel.It takes about three minutes for the unit to heat the gel , but if the gel is not dispensed very soon , the product will turn off and return the gel to room temperature in minutes . This is a safety feature , I know , but it would be handy to have a bit more time.And when the gel is heated , the temperature -LRB- even at the highest setting -RRB- is little more than what one might have by running warm water over the can itself . As a result , the gel cools soon after hitting the skin and does n't seem to activate the whiskers at all.What if you wanted to change gels ? There is no obvious way to clean the product , to remove the traces of previous gels . Over time , I can only imagine the `` plumbing '' of the machine becoming more and more gummed up.So basically , this is a product that I wanted to like , but I just could n't . A little more R&D ; , a little more testing , maybe the next generation model will be better .
 I bought this at Walmart just before Xmas . It is junk and not worth $ 20 . It is easy to use and fits most gel and foam cans -LRB- not Nivea or the standard foam cans -RRB- . If you ever went trick or treating as a teenager -LRB- you know what I mean -RRB- then you can certainly pop the top off the can and put this together . The problems with this thing is :1 -RRB- The gel does not get warm enough even at its highest setting .2 -RRB- It cools off to room temp as soon as you get it to your face.If you do not want clutter on your counter then you have to put it away after each use .3 -RRB- It recommends that you unplug it after and between uses .4 -RRB- Very hard to clean.This would work great if you could dispense it from the can right onto your face . If you want a warm and great shave , then spend $ 5 and get a fog free mirror and shave in the shower . If you like to blow money and throwing $ 20 away is your thing then get this .
 What 's not to like about hot shaving cream rubbed into your beard ? With this bizarre contraption from Conair ... plenty.Firstly , what should frighten you away from purchasing this is that it has six controls on top of the damned thing . Six controls to do what one or two should do . Believe your eyes , because it only gets worse ! Secondly , what you ca n't see , is a set of instructions that are so overwrought , and so edged out by disclaimers denying legal responsibility , that none of them are helpful . Thirdly , if you think the visible portion of the device is poor , wait till you see how you insert the can . Again the instructions -LRB- found in three different places -RRB- might as well be written in a different language for how poorly they describe the process of attaching a can of shaving cream . You pry the head off a can of shaving cream , you insert the bare nozzle , into the head and close an almost razor sharp collar around it . I guarantee you you wlll do it wrong and fill the collar with shaving cream . What could be more natural than sticking you finger into the cap to remove the excess lather that is now in the way ? Well if you value your fingers , do n't do it . Because wiggling your finger around too vigorously , is when you find out that the collar is rather sharp
 I bought this item and used it with shave gel . It worked good , heated to a good temperature , but not exactly hot . But I did n't like the smell of the gel when it was heated . I bought shave lather and when trying to use it the lather comes out all over the unit . I reseated the lather container several times and each time it just flow out every open space . I have since thrown it away . I will try one of the other models and see if I have better luck .
 To get hot lather , which is nice , you first have to get the device installed on top the can . I would not recommend this if you are easily frustrated . The directions provided are sparse in several languages . First you have to pry the top off the can of shaving cream . They provide a pry tool for that purpose which works well on some brands of shaving cream better than others . Then you have to fit the device on top the can . It worked well with one brand in a large size can . When I tried it with a smaller size can of shaving cream it emptied half the can during the installation process . Using a different brand in a large can , I had trouble prying the top off the can . If you have time and patience , and are willing to spend some money on various brands of shaving cream to find one that works well , give it a try . Otherwise , be forewarned it may lead to frustration and bad language.It would be nice if companies intending to sell products in the US -LRB- apparently manufactured somewhere in Asia -RRB- would provide a clear set of instuctions in English , in reasonable large readable type , with illustrations . In this case , they need to clearly specify the type shaving cream can the unit is designed for . I do not need instructions in foreign languages , and get tired of limited instructions in six languages .
 Sorry to say , but this product did not work as promised . The black canister does not hold any type or brand of Lather can , only Gel type cans . I did call the customer service number and asked why this is , and the rep told me that it is a Type - O on the package . In order to use with a Lather can , you just put the device on the top of the can and use as is . The older Model product did fit the lather type cans , but this one does not . Sorry but if you are going to use this with a lather can , you might want to get the older White Model . The product looks starange when you cant use the Black canister as pictured .
 attaching the canister to the heating unit is a monumental task i could not do it at all and especially because i am disabled with use of only 1 hand . attaching the canister is the only camplaint i have about this product it is impossible for someone like me to do it i also had each of , y 2 brothers try and they had the same problem , ... perfectly able bodied guys couldnt get the cannister attached ... should be simple : depress locking feature , innsert canister , release locking mechanism and bobs your uncle ! nope ... not quite ... on the side of the thing it looks simple but me nor either of my brothers have gotten it attached correctly ... we can get it attached , however , it is crooked everytime -LRB- and it must be straight for it to work properly -RRB- . this product is useless if you cant get the canister of gel attached ... i feel totally ripped off !
 I ordered this item for my husband and I was extremely disappointed . It is poorly made and basically is not worth the money . I do not recommend it at all .
 Bought this to replace another unit by a different maker . The first one lasted close to five years and put out hot foam . This one was never really hot and quit working rather quickly .
 The shaving lotion is only briefly warmed . It feels warm immediately after it is dispensed , but by the time it gets to your skin , it is cold . You ca n't move fast enough to get warm lotion in contact with your skin .
 I had an old con air shaving cream warmer that I used for years . It finally played out and I ordered a new one . In fact I got two of them ; one for home - the other for my weekend home . Neither one of them work effectively . They do n't warm the shaving cream any more than if I ran some hot water over the can . One of them is stopped up and the cream will barely come out . This product is not worth buying.Conair HGL1 Combination Hot Gel/Lather Machine , Black
 The lather machine did arrive in a timely manner , however this thing was one incredible pile of garbage . I was n't expecting it to be great , but at least be functional for a year . Well it only worked for about a week . Whatever you do , do n't buy this thing !
 In contrast to the older versions of this product , which loaded easily and worked reasonably well , this model is overly complicated , difficult to load , slow to heat , and requires the user to stand directly over it to see the tiny light that stops flashing to tell you when the lather is supposedly hot . `` Hot '' is a misnomer ; the lather comes out only slightly warmer than if it came straight out of the can without the long delay , and by the time it 's applied to the face it is back to room temperature . The only possible use for this product would be for students in engineering classes who have to analyze bad design . After just one use , mine is on its way to the landfill.The `` key '' for removing the can 's plastic nozzle is as dangerous as it is unnecessary , in addition to being easy to lose . Just use your thumb -LRB- under a towel or facecloth if you like -RRB- to press up against the nozzle and off it comes quite easily .
 Paid $ 13.28 for this item and feel I did n't get my money 's worth . The gel nozzle began to dispense more and more slowly as days passed . Finally , it got so slow it become unusable . Tried to clean the passage -LRB- the head is NOT submersible -RRB- but still could n't restore the flow of gel .
 IT was fine to use , but it is top heavy once you get teh shaving cream can attached to the top and fell down several times until I finally just threw it away .
 I bought this item to replace an older Conair hot lather machine that finally quit.This newer version -LRB- HGL1 -RRB- simply does n't get the lather hot.Seek out the older version -LRB- Conair HLM10 -RRB- and buy that instead . It is a few dollars more , but does a better job.I 'm tossing my newer version and replacing it with one of the older ones . Too bad for me ... money wasted!CONAIR CORP PERS CARE #HLM 10 Hot Lather Machine
 Not very happy with the product . The shaving cream keeps oozing out of the machine slowly throughout the day so there is a small pile of shaving cream on the counter all the time . I would n't recomend it for that reason alone .
 This is the second unit purchased , the first one did n't have any heat controls , and this latest unit does , Model HGL2 , but the lather becomes too thin , and continues to drip at the nozzle leaving a mess each time . I do shake the can before each shave.I tried gel , and that was just a big mess , the can kept hoozing out gel and got it all over the place , what a mess . Sorry , but they need to make a special gel or lather just for that machine.Over the counter gels and lathers just do n't work well with this invention . Not worth all the trouble for a little heat .
 This was very hard to set up . I almost broke it and wasted 1/2 can of gel . Poor directions . Gel is only warm at the highest setting . Would not buy again . Claims to heat lotion but does not say how .
 I got one about 10 years ago as a gift . It worked great . My fiancee got another one for me . Total piece of krap . The foam comes out so slowly that your beard will actually grow while you 're waiting . I returned it to Amazon for another - same piece of garbage . So I tried one more time - 3 strikes , it 's out . I called ConAir who told me they 'd made `` improvements '' that some people were n't satisfied with . Hey Conair - look at the feedback data here . About 1/2 of the 100 reviews of your product are bad . And that 's just on amazon . I checked other sites and this waste of money is n't getting any respect out on the rest of the web either . Potential buyers - learn from our mistakes . You are literally better off with nothing -LRB- or a hot towel on your face -RRB- than this tower of junk .
 NOT WORTH IT ! IF MY HOT LATHER MACHINE BROKE TODAY , I WOULD N'T REPLACE IT . I SHOULD OF BELIEVED ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS THAT SAID IT WAS N'T WORTH IT .
 Warm lather not hot . Bought one a year ago and it was much better . Would not buy again.Price was cheap as was quality .
 This is a cheap product . I read all the bad reviews and still decided to try it . Bad mistake ! DO NOT BUY THIS .
 The product did not work properly from the day i received it . Shaving cream kept getting clogged up in it and when i would take the part off to check it , shaving cream would come pouring out of it . The instructions were not clear at all . I will never buy a conair product again .
 If looking at this product conjures up images of getting a hot shave at the barber , then I 'm afraid this product may never live up to those expectations . Like many others , I really wanted to like this product , but it simply has too many issues to be rated any higher than `` meh . `` Out of the box , it looks pretty simple . You get the base/stand , the top heating mechanism , and a choice of two nozzles -LRB- one for foam and another for gel -RRB- that attach to the top heating mechanism , depending on what you 're using . I tried using both foam -LRB- Barbasol -RRB- and gel -LRB- Edge -RRB- for comparison . Both of these cans were compatible , but I can foresee other brands not working unless they have a metal `` ring '' under the plastic cap that attaches to the top heating mechanism -LRB- see step 3 , below -RRB- . I found the assembly to not be that bad , but it was a bit more time consuming and complicated than I expected -LRB- which is why I 've outlined the numerous steps below -RRB- :1 -RRB- First , you have to attach the nozzle you want -LRB- foam or gel -RRB- to the top heating mechanism . Easy .2 -RRB- Second , you have to remove the plastic cap from the can of shaving foam/gel to expose the little nozzle . I did this very easily with my hand with the Barbasol , and using the included `` key '' on the bottom of the stand for the Edge gel -- again , easy , but if your hand slips , bring out the band-aids .3 -RRB- Third , you then place the nozzle into a hole in the underside of the top heating mechanism while simultaneously pushing a button on it . Once the nozzle is seated , you release the button and the top heating mechanism should grasp the `` ring '' on the can . I 'll admit , this took a few tries to get it right , but once you know what to do , it 's easy to do again .4 -RRB- Fourth , place the top heating mechanism , with the can of shave foam/gel , onto the stand , and twist to lock . Easy , but do n't push too hard or the stand may break .5 -RRB- Fifth , if you 're using shave gel , you have to depress the big button on the top of the heating mechanism while simultaneously sliding another little toggle over to the `` gel '' setting . This `` locks '' in the shave gel , but is a bit finicky .6 -RRB- Sixth , you have to set the temperature control dial to the desired heat -LRB- there is a guide on the top heating mechanism that tells you how hot you can set foam and gel , respectively . Easy .7 -RRB- Seventh , plug it in and turn it on . Easy .8 -RRB- Eighth , wait two or three minutes for it to heat up -LRB- it has a light that flashes while it is heating , and stays on when ready -RRB- . Easy , if you 're patient .9 -RRB- Ninth , when heated up , depress the big button on the top of the heating mechanism to release foam , or the small button on the gel nozzle to release gel . Easy , but watch out for steam.Now for the results.The gel comes out in a semi-lather form -LRB- not in a clear or colored gel form like when you use it straight out of the can -RRB- , and is relatively warm . The foam was trickier to get right -- set the temperature too high or leave it heated for too long and it comes out as more of a liquid . But , if you set the temperature too low , you just get regular old foam that 's only mildly warm.In both cases , unfortunately by the time you apply it to your face , get enough coverage , then begin to shave , the temperature is pretty much the same as if you applied it straight out of the can . I 'm sure some will argue that warm cream applied to the face improves the quality of the shave , but I really ca n't tell the difference . I do n't think most people would.When you 're done with your underwhelming shave , you hit the `` off '' button and unplug it , but then the whole contraption just sits there on the counter taking up space . I have n't bothered to try to clean it -LRB- as bits of foam or gel tend to linger around the nozzle after use -RRB- , but I 'm sure after a while it might get a bit gummed up if you do n't take care of it.When you combine the average results with a product that was a bit cumbersome to set up and just purely takes up too much room on the counter , it just does n't make much sense to buy it . I have such a problem beard that I really wanted to like this thing , but ca n't . At the end of the day , it 's just easier to use a foam or gel straight out of the can . I probably wo n't return it or get rid of it , but maybe I can get it to dispense hot coffee while shaving instead .
 When I was young , the barbers -LRB- not stylists -RRB- would use a warm shaving foam to clean up around my neck . That hot lather felt great and left my skin feeling clean and smooth . When I saw the Conair dispenser , I had to have one . Out of the box I was disappointed . Most cans of foam do not fit inside the base . As others have said , that seems a pretty basic engineering characteristic to build into a product like this one . Still -- you do n't really need the base -- the can of foam is attached directly to the dispenser head , which does all the work . I tried four different brands of foam and two brands of gel before giving up -- both the foam and the gel come out of the nozzle in a trickle -- I had to stand there for a full minute before I had enough foam for a shave . By that time , the foam in my hand was already cooling . As I started to shave , I noticed additional foam continued to dribble out of the dispenser nozzle onto my counter . I got into the habit of just reaching over and grabbing the surplus on a finger and holding it under the running water -- had to do that several times each time I shaved.I noticed among other reviews that only one other buyer complained about the lack of flow or annoyingly slow flow -- so maybe that 's an anomaly . I 'm not likely to find out.Someone is going to develop a hot shaving foam dispenser that works , and the word will get out , and it will be a good seller.This is n't it ...
 It broke after only 8 months of light use . A seal broke and when you would press the button , foam would shoot out of pretty much every seam except the nozzle . I was n't able to fix it . During the 8 months it worked , I felt the foam was kind of warm but certainly not warm enough . Plus not enough foam gets heated . Usually the last 20 % that I put on did n't get heated at all . Also , most of the foam cans that I bought would n't fit inside the plastic sheath so I just had the heating unit sitting on top of the can .
 This product is useless ! The gel does not get hot enough , it comes out as some form of toxic goo and it smells like burnt cheese . I used it for a week and then tossed it in the garbage . $ 20 WASTED .
 Had this 3 months , i feel like you need to take a course to learn to operate this thing . after all the misery , it broke , heater is fine but it seems as if it 's clogged . i recently switched to lathering up with shaving soap and a good ol badger brush , gives you the best shave ever .
 I ordered two of these units , and both broke within a few months ... the shaving cream stops coming through the heating unit ... tried numerous cans of shaving cream , even took one of the units apart to see if it could be cleaned out . Looks like the ` release ' mechanism is either poorly designed , or fails w. use . Great idea ... but needs more design work . Probably better to just heat the whole can w. a low wattage heater . ...
 After one use I am returning this to the store . I shave with lather and discovered that the heat provided by this unit degrades the lather . I actually had to use twice as much lather to get the same coverage as lather straight from the can.I had the unit set to it 's highest heat setting . The lather was luke warm at best and by the time I applied it to my face , it was as cold as it would have been straight from the can . I do n't recommend this product . It 's a waste of money .
 My husband has had something like this several times in the past . It 's always been hit or miss . I decided to give this one a try despite all the mixed reviews . Set up was easy , but my husband says it does not get very hot at all . He uses gel and though we believe it may work better with cream , he is unwilling to give up his favorite brand . If you use gel and are unwilling to make a change , I would not suggest this product .
 I bought this from Amazon/Macy 's last week . It did n't heat up regular lather adequately . I then tried using gel . What a joke . As soon as I inserted the gel can the gel kept leaking out and out and out . I then find I ca n't return it to Macy 's because I bought it from Amazon and if I use return shipping form it will cost me $ 6.95 . I threw the darned thing in the trash . A truly bad experience . I am out almost $ 30 and have lost some faith in internet shopping . You should be able to return an item and not have to pay $ 7 for the privilege .
 The item description shows a changeable nozzle for lather and gel . My box came with two nozzles for lather which started my doubt for this product . I decided to try it anyway and deal without being able to use gel . I plugged it in and while waiting for it to heat up , shaving cream started spewing around the black circle at the top and jammed the buttons with cream . I was not happy with this product and returned it immediately .
 used this product once and it stopped putting out cream . had one before that lasted longer .
 I was looking for something to pour my hand lotion in that would heat it on the way out . Part of the description mentioned you could use your favorite hand lotion , but in reality , unless it comes in a aerosol can , you ca n't .
 I owned a similar type unit 20 + years ago that worked very well , unfortunately the modern versions just do n't perform well . Once you follow the installation instructions -LRB- which require you to be rather mechanically inclined -RRB- the results are a disappointing luke-warm lather . Even on the highest heat setting the lather does n't reach a high enough temperature and cools significantly just in the time to spread it on your face . Save your money !
 The instructions are clear enough . Remove the cap , line up the can 's nozzle with the receptacle on the dispenser , slide the gel selector , depress the lock , and insert the can . After that was done , the dispenser would n't stop shooting shaving cream all over my counter . I tried this several times , each time , re-reading the instructions , and still the shaving cream would shoot out of the warmer in a steady stream of wasted shaving cream . It wasted two whole cans of shaving cream -LRB- different brands -RRB- before I gave up . Is a pulse the only qualification to be an engineer for Conair ? What a piece of junk .
 We could n't figure out how to use this product ; it is much harder to use than it needs to be . Additionally , it was shipped to us with shaving cream already on the nozzle ; clearly someone had used it and then returned it . I would never buy this product , or any other product from this seller , again .
 I recieved this as a christmas present and was anxious to try it out . Major disappointment when my Nivea gel was n't capatable . Of course there 's no recommendations in the packaging as for what brands work . Went to the store just to get a regular can of shaving cream . Snapped the can in place and it emptied the most of it before I could figure out what was wrong . Now the inside of the dispensor and where it connects is all covered in shaving cream . I could n't really rinse it out because there 's a heating element and risk of electrical shock . Tried a couple more times ... ended up throwing it across the room and yelled a little . I would n't recommend it .
 I thought these would be nice thick sturdy gloves that would protect my hands from poison . That 's not too much to ask for.After about 20min of use I adjusted the left glove -LRB- nothing aggressive just a small tug -RRB- and got a huge tear in it . Insecticide all over my hand . I 'm not happy .
 I would sure like to order this product ... . IF I could only get some answers about its contents . Why does n't either Amazon or Honey Comb Industries check this website and answer posted questions ?
 This tea was okay , but not really as fruity as I thought it was going to be . One thing I did n't really like about it was that it has an extremely slimey texture to it when I drank it . It has a lot of herbal goodness , but I wo n't be purchasing it again .
 This thermometer takes a lot longer than 6 seconds ! It seems to go forever . I would n't suggest buying this if you are looking for a quick thermometer .
 i tried every way to use it on my self & on 2 of my kids.it gives very wide rangs of readings & time . one thing for sure , IT DID NOT TAKE 6 SECONDS , NOT EVEN FOR ONCE.one of the times i used a stop watch & it went over 70 seconds before it finally beeped.i tried all the areas shown in the user guide , non of them worked
 I recommended this to a friend based on the description of 10,000 ppm silver , but on the label it says 10 ppm ! She got totally ripped off . No wonder it did n't work . Next time I will send her some Ultra Silver that really does have 10,000 ppm . Boy am I mad !
 I bought this caliper for my medical school cardiovascular system class . I saw the $ 5.99 price tag and hopped right on it . When I first took it out of the box , it appeared to be rather cheaply made . As I started reading EKG 's , I noticed that the caliper did not hold it 's measurement very well . It 's too loose ... a quality that is not acceptable when you are reading EKG 's and millimeters matter . I had to keep re-measuring because the caliper kept collapsing on me ever so slightly . I was getting annoyed . I actually figured that this was normal ... until I tried a friend 's caliper . His was sturdy ... mine was not . His actually held the distance ... mine did not . I ran right back to Amazon and ordered the same Prestige brand caliper that my buddy had . The new one arrived today , and I will no longer use this ADC one . There is no comparison between the two . My advice ... spend the extra $ 4.00 and go with the Prestige brand . That 's what I wish I had done ... you will not be disappointed . As the old saying goes , `` You get what you pay for . ''
 Very cheap and crappy you can buy a better pair at any local college or tech school for less than what they sell them here . Should have believed the other reviewers .
 the description said it is American Diagnostic Caliper but when I received the item , it looked like a cheap version of caliper -LRB- no names or anything -RRB- . im dissapointed because i would have bought the prestige one instead
 I followed the directions to the T. ... the odor in our drain did not change at all.This product did not do what it claimed.I would not recommend it to anyone .
 this does not work on real clogs which are what most people have.do yourself a favor and get some real stuff at the corner hardware store . although this stuff does smell nice and i guess can work to make your pipes smell nice and/or prevent stuff from clogging , although i didnt use it for that.lou
 It 's nice and soft but unfortunately , did n't fit the pad I bought for the changing table .
 I kept this because it was the only white chenille cover I could find , but it is sooooooo thin . It looks and feels very cheap .
 Even though the pink is very pretty and they are very soft , I 'm sending back the two covers I got today . The one that I opened has a light stain that is about an inch by two inches right on top , the strap holes are also on the top of the cover and do not work with my pad , and the cover does n't fit my pad very well . I 'm going to exchange them for the more expensive but much better quality basic comfort covers .
 I returned this changing pad cover . It did n't fit the changing pad well at all . Material felt cheap , not impressed .
 When I found out that my second child was going to be a girl , I was excited to add some pink into the nursery . I ordered this soft pink changing pad cover , only to wonder `` How is this supposed to work ?! '' when it arrived ! All of the other changing pad covers I own have the slits for the changing table straps on the sides . This one has the slits way in the middle ! Any child over a newborn size will be lying on top of those straps . The cover is very soft - yes . But I had to return it because of the placement of those slits !
 The product description failed to mention that this pad cover has holes for straps . We do n't use straps , so it looks funny .
 Too thin and holes on side in the way if you do n't use the straps on the changing table all the time . Not worth the money .
 The slits for the straps are way up in the center rather than down on the sides like the other brand I ordered . I wish I would have paid attention to the other reviews before I ordered because now I 'm having to return this . It 's very soft , but the placement of those slits makes no sense at all . Do n't waste your time buying this product ! Summer Infant makes one with the same fabric that is actually less expensive and has the slits in the correct spots !
 Wow . This thing reeks of moth balls which not only is unpleasant , but also one of the most highly toxic materials you can have around and certainly not something you would want to put near a baby . it 's like selling an asbestos changing pad cover . Too bad . Would be nice but the smell and chemicals in moth balls wo n't wash out .
 Item was received on time . Material is soft . The only problem is that the changing cover openings are in the wrong place for standard changing pads . They should be located on the sides but are located in the middle of the cover instead which makes it very difficult to change the baby .
 These sandals were very comfortable , for the entire four hours I owned them before they broke . My first time wearing them , I went out to dinner with some friends . I did n't walk more than a mile throughout the night , but the entire padding separated from the sandal bottom . The sandals were ruined . I 'll never buy this brand of sandal again . What a waste of $ 25 . I paid $ 30 for my last pair of Reef sandals and wore them constantly ; they lasted almost 4-years .
 Maybe it 's just me BUT no difference felt at all !! Back to square one trying to find something to help me with my cravings and urges .
 I know you really want this to work . . in the back of your mind you know it doesnt ... your instincts are right ! Regretfully this product does not work . If you want to lose some weight exercise more and remove all oils from your diet .
 when you take it you do not have an appt . but you can not do anything else . you are so wired !!
 I bought this jelly for infertility reasons and I ca n't really say if it works or not because I ca n't get over how gross it is . You ca n't put it in anything hot so I ca n't mix it with my hot tea or anything . If you can get over the taste of things then more power to you . I personally am stuck with a whole jar of this stuff and wasted twenty something dollars .
 I was excited to start this stuff before my IVF cycle . I waited and waited for it to come in the mail . I finally got it , opened it up and my niece wanted to play with the bubble wrap it was wrapped in . When I opened the wrap up a bunch of glass fell out , my bottle was cracked everywhere and I already opened it up before noticing so I ca n't send it back . They need to figure a better way to ship.IT 'S NASTY ! there is no way I can gag this stuff down . In no way or form does it taste like honey or jelly . It taste like a bad vitamin with a mushy texture and smells even worse.As for the benefits I could n't review on that because I could n't gag it down .
 This product seemed like a great buy at first , but even when I followed the directions carefully and pulled off the paper in the correct direction , it ripped off my skin , and not my hair ! Now my face has been hurting for a week . Save yourself some pain and just do n't buy it !
 I followed the instructions but i dont know why it still burns , i used the oil and stuff but it doesnt work . please be careful .
 I have tried a few wax strip kits , and this is the worst product ever ! I followed the directions for each strip for each body part and the strips had no effect whatsoever . There was practically NO hair removal . I even tried heating the darned strips for 30 seconds before application - only then did a small amount of hair come off on any body part ! Now , I 'm not hairy Hannah or anything , but these strips would n't help even if I had one strand -LRB- trust me , I tried on one strand with no success ! -RRB- Run , do n't walk away from considering this option ; it 's a waste of money . Use Veet or Parissa ; both are much better .
 This was sent to me right on time ! Thank you . But I must say this is too hard to use , especially on my face ! OWWWW ! but I think I will try it again . If I get another friend to help me with it . Thank you very much for sending it.Sally Hansen Hair Remover Wax Strip Kit , for Face , Brows & Bikini
 i got this thinking it would work at least somewhat but it didnt work for me at all . all it did was leave my skin red and sticky and took off no hair .
 Bad product . I get lots of pimples after using it and the wax/glue wo n't wash off.Will not buy again !
 What a colossal waste of $ 7 . Yes , I read the directions carefully , warmed it and applied as directed.Glue sticks to both sides of the plastic , so you do n't get a great seal onto the skin . Alot of pain for only 30 % hair removal - not worth it .
 Thinking about trying instead of going to salon , but it was a big mistake . I read and follow the instruction , applied to my upper lip -LRB- that 's a big no no -RRB- , then pull the strip according to instruction . It burn bad and left a red mark . I should have tried on hidden area first . Please do yourself a favor , do not BUY this production . I am going to write my review to all sites related to this product . It is horrible and inhuman . STAY AWAY .
 I tried this product just once for my eyebrows ... or shall I say eyebrow . At first I was impressed that removing the strip was n't as painful as I had anticipated . I put the lotion on and examined the results . Within seconds I started to break out in hives that looked like blisters ! I had to scrub the area with soap and water and then keep an ice cold compress on my skin for it to go down . After the hives finally went away , I examined the area - the hair was still there ! That was last night . This morning I woke up and my skin was STILL red where I used the strip . So this wax somehow miraculously removed my flesh , but did n't take my hair with it . I will NEVER use this again !
 I 've tried the product once and did n't like it ... i 've used it on my legs and arms . . it irritated my skin so bad and it did n't remove all the hair ... I do n't recommend it . .
 The wax strips remove hair , but only about a third of it . You have to use a lot of strips just to wax your bikini line . Plus , when you warm them up in your hands , you warm up two at a time , but only use one at a time - so while you 're using one warmed-up strip in a set , the other one cools down and it 's hard to warm it back up without making a mess . It also hurts quite a lot for something that does n't remove very much hair .
 Which is to say , if you are a dark-skinned male with coarse hair it probably will not work well for you and cause you mild to moderate annoyance trying . It 's for finer hair and skin .
 Buying this product was a waste of money . using it was a waste of time . It did not work . It was huge sticky itchy mess . If it was n't 8 days away from Christmas , I would have took it back to target where I got it from . I tried every single strip in the box . The result I pretty much have the same amount of hair that I had before using it . I tried it in several different places .
 Had high hopes for not having to tweeze anymore . Bought this product because Sally Hansen usually has the best beauty products . Do n't waste your time or money . Warmed up the strip in my hands , placed it on my chin according to directions , ripped away the strip . Half of the wax stayed on my chin , no chin hairs were removed . Repeated with the same results . Now I have a huge `` strip burn '' on my chin 1/2 day later . Took forever to get the wax off of my chin . Piece of crud . Returned the product . Will try another brand and hope that it works better .
 These wax strips are awful ! I read the instructions carefully and applied the strips even more carefully , but I still ended up with no hair removed and blotchy , red , sticky skin . The adhesive has n't been able to be removed with face wash or dish soap , either . Plus , none of the strips are small enough to wax under eyebrows without taking off more brow than you intended . Colossal waste of money and waste of time ! Save yourself the trouble and just keep tweezing .
 I thought these strips would be great and I was SO wrong . These strips left a horrible residue on my skin that would NOT wash away for days . Plus they also left this residue on any hair that they did not pull out that , again , would NOT wash away . This residue was extremely sticky and when I tried to wipe it away with an old cotton wash cloth , it actually pulled lint off the wash cloth that I could NOT get off my hair/skin without picking at it with tweezers . I 'm glad that I did this on a Friday since I did n't leave the house the whole weekend .
 Sally Hansen ... Has failed me . First of all it was a pain to get the strips warm enough to use -LRB- you do it by rubbing the strips . . apparently the friction and the warmth of your hands are supposed to be good enough . . HA -RRB- . Second of all , after the hassle , not only do you have raw hands -LRB- maybe there 's a better method ... -RRB- , but you have to rush to wax your face/bikini/whatever ... And after all that , you get fruitless results -LRB- at least I got fruitless results -RRB- ... The only thing it worked for was my bikini area/stomach -LRB- and even then there were multiple stray hairs ... I had to do it again and again and again -RRB- ... lips and eyebrows were a no go ... . I think I may have gotten just a single hair when I did my lip -LRB- but then again . . I have yet to find anything that works for my lip -RRB- . In conclusion , do yourself a favor and try something else ...
 I tried this product and it took off a ton of skin from my face ... i used it on the sides of my face and now ive got burns on my skin ... called the company and they were not helpful at all ... buyer beware !!
 My gf tried these and they pulled out like two of her hairs . Lol . Maybe it was just her type of hair , but they were difinately lengthy enough , obviously , if it pulled out the two . She followed the direction to a T . This product sucks ! Consider an epilator instead or something . She has had much better results with an epilator .
 i tried these strips more than once , and on different body areas , to make sure i was n't just doing it wrong . maybe i 'm just not heating it enough in my hands , but these wax strips are ALL THE PAIN WITH NONE OF THE BENEFITS . did n't remove a single hair , but still hurt pulling it off , and it made my skin sticky . i 'm going to try to get a refund .
 I thought that you just pressed where you wanted the hair removed , but nope ! Took the whole flipping thing off ! And I ca n't get through to their 800 number . Do n't use these unless you want it all gone !
 Worked well on lighter , finer hairs . As for dark , coarse hair -LRB- ahem , bikini line -RRB- , did nada , even after multiple retries .
 The box comes with 4 large strips , 6 smaller strips and oil . I found the strips to be useless because they only grabbed a few hairs at a time . The strips are also made of plastic which turned me off because its not easy to manipulate as paper strips are . I tried it on my armpits and legs and that did n't work so well but it would probably work for the small hairs on your fingers as it did for me .
 I waxed a part of my leg using sally hansen strips about 3 years ago . I was badly bruised and it hurt for days . Even today the hair has n't grown back on that particular area of my leg . I 'll never use sally hansen ready to wax stips again.Thumbs up for Nair microwaveable peach melon extract wax though . It works like a charm .
 This is one of the worst products I have ever purchased.The box is misleading - it suggests you can actually wax your legs with this product and then includes only six ` larger ' strips . The box advertises 30 , 15 double-sided . Fine , but perhaps somewhere it ought to be mentioned that the majority of those are double-counted by counting both of the skinny strips that are together on one sheet ? And , even when warned properly in between my hands , they did not separate well , and worst of all , left lots of residue on my legs and nearly all of the hair . Horrible Horrible product . I have used many over the counter waxing kits and never before have I experienced a product grossly misrepresented and completely inadequate .
 Ahhh ! Where do I start ? Well this thing sucks . Bad . I decided to use it on my face , legs , and arms . I let the hair grow out , which is thick on some areas and fine on others . I let it grow out for about 1-2 weeks . I tried it on my face and it did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ! I followed all the directions and exfoliated my face . I put it on in the direction of the hair growth and pulled it the opposite direction . I also made sure I warmed it between my hands before hand . Well , only two hairs came out . I tried re-applying once more and nothing . So I tried a different spot on my face , same results . I put the oil on , which did nothing because I woke up with a rash on my face the next day . I tried my arms 3 days later and not one hair came out . Its ridiculous . I got the same results on my legs . This product is an absolute rip off . It does n't get sticky enough and it does n't get any hair out . And it irritates your skin on top of that , whether its from re-applying and re-applying or from the actual waxing ingredient I do n't know . All I know is that this product does n't work and neither does that `` soothing oil '' . Maybe I got a faulty product ? I do n't know . But this is the 2nd time I tried this particular brand , apparently it got good reviews . Not making the same mistake , you get what you pay for I guess . BTW , the picture advertised is different than the one on the actual box that you get . Just an FYI .
 It does n't work ! I used it on my legs , and it only gets about half the hair , you have to do it several times in the same spot , leaving your skin red , with bumps , and even then it does n't get all the hair ! I used about half the box just to get the bottom part of my legs , which still has hair on them . No good , throwing the rest away .
 I was really excited about these wax strips at first . It seemed to good to be true -- they were easy to use and did n't make a huge mess . They worked too -- they took the hair off , but a few days later my skin was absolutely COVERED in ACNE !! Usually people wax so they can bare their skin , but this made my skin so gross and embarrassing that I did n't want anyone to see . Only took a few days to get the acne , but it has lasted much , much longer than that . I ca n't believe this is happening to me and I do n't think I ever want to use this product again .
 I was going on vacation to the beach and thought I would wax so I would n't have to shave while I was there . I have waxed many times before and know how it is done , but I had never used the strips before . I never will again ! Rubbing the strips to warm them sounds okay in theory , but if you get ANY wax on your hands , how are you supposed to rub the strip without separating them , since your skin sticks to the plastic ! To get it warm enough you have to rub forever . I bought three boxes so I would have some for later . Whatever ! I had to use two boxes just to get the lower half of both legs . And it took forever because you only get a few of the larger size -LRB- ??? -RRB- so I had to finish with the smaller ones . There 's not that much wax on the strip , so you have to kind of overlap areas you 've already done to be sure you cover it all . After all that , it did n't even work ! Some of the hair -LRB- about 1/4 -RRB- was n't even pulled at all . Some of it actually broke at the skin rather than removing the follicle . Do n't know what that 's about . There was so much hair left I would have to practically wax the whole thing again just to get it all , assuming it would work the second time through . I did n't want to go through the pain again so I just shaved the next day anyway . The whole reason I bought it was so I DID N'T HAVE TO SHAVE . Did they not try this product before they started selling it ?
 It was the worst wax kit ive ever had the misfortune of trying . The wax never got hot enough despite minutes of hard rubbing . Once i slipped the wax strip on the afflicted area it would bunch up . After waxing only 3 or 4 hairs would come out at one time . There was simply not enough wax per stip -LRB- a very thin smear -RRB- . The oil they put in the package to soothe your skin after waxing is very greasy . Please use Nair or perhaps veet instead .
 I must say that I 'm not too hapy with this product . The results are not what the product explains the outcome should be . When I first bought this , I was hoping that it would ` nt be so bad , becuase it had the Sally Hensen logo on it . Anyway , when I tried it out , I was surprised that it got most of the hair off , but I still had to pluck a few strays . On the box , it says that it lasts for 8 weeks after you 've waxed an area . This is a lie , because after I waxed , it grew back a few days later just like regular shaving would have done . Another thing , the box also states that the hair will grow back thinner , which is also misleading . I waxed my underarms , and the wax strips got some extra hair around the area , and after a few days , it grew back darker . I am not quite impressed with this product , and I would recommend you try purchasing TRIA , a laser-type hair remover . You can find more information about this product at triabeauty.com .
 Do not buy this item . The adhesive on the strip does not stick to human skin . The sterile pad is too small to cover much more than a pimple .
 I bought this deodorant a few years ago and it smelled good but was not a very strong deodorant . I recently bought -LRB- 4 -RRB- sticks and noticed they changed the packaging and consequently changed the formula . Within about 10 seconds of applying the deodorant , my body heat made it smell awful . The scent is similar to somthing like baby vomit and it actually overpowers the Cool Water colonge . Shame on Davidoff to change the formula on something that was fine and to turn it into a horrible smelling product . DO NOT BUY THIS DEODORANT !!!!!
 I was very excited about getting these ... The reviews seemed rather promising but as soon as I popped one in my mouth I had to keep myself from GAGGING ! I couldnt even finish it ! I have brushed my teeth three times and still taste it in my mouth !! yuck !! What a letdown : -LRB-
 As far as content , it has everything you need in a vitamin . Also , it does not upset my stomach . However , I can not manage to swallow it because the taste is horrible ! I gagged several times on the flavor of the vitamin . I ended up returning the bottle because I knew I would never be able to get past the flavor.The size of one tablet is equivalent to stacking 4 quarters on top of each other . You have to chew two tablets for a normal adult dose . I could n't do it .
 I bought the `` Delicious Apple Cinnamon '' and I can honestly say it 's the most disgusting vitamin I 've ever tasted . And that 's saying a lot because I 'm not a picky eater . It was so bad that after a few days , I broke down and bought another brand chewable multi-vitamin from my grocery . The `` Delicious Apple Cinnamon '' is now collecting dust on my shelf . Consider yourself warned .
 I ordered these to replenish the strips for my sugar -LRB- no heat -RRB- wax and they do not pull hair off at ALL !! What a waste ...
 I loved these strips the previous time I bought them , but they are now made of thinner material . After using a few times , wax starts to soak through & makes my hands sticky .
 I do n't recommend this to anyone . These muslin strips produce too much fly-put particles from the fabric itself - first when you rub the strip to stick to the wax , and then when you zip it off the skin . Not only it felt unpleasant because some of these parts fly back to my skin and stick there -LRB- cause of the remaining wax -RRB- but the whole floor was covered with it . So I had the pleasure of vacuuming after epilating.I have used other muslin strips and they have too produced this flyout stuff but way way less.I was so frustrated that I did n't even finish all the epilating I 'd planned initially , and threw the remaining 60-70 strips in the trash .
 This product is not that great . Very very stick and not effective at hair removal . It makes a huge mess plus there was a $ 4.95 stick on it and I paid way over that with supposedly free shipping ??!
 I was hoping that based on the majority of excellent reviews I read , and other Jason products I use and love , that this one would work to eliminate my dandruff and itchy scalp , but it did n't . I used it according to the directions every other day for 10 days and although I had slightly less noticable itching , I still have dandruff . I was careful to gently massage my scalp and leave it on for the sufficient time in the shower . Maybe I did n't give it enough time , however , I noticed that several reviews said that it worked quickly for them . The smell is quite strong but it did not put me off , and I am picky about smell of products I wear . It just smells like tea tree oil to me , not too medicinal . So , unfortunately , I 'm discouraged and was hoping for immediate results and will need to find another ` kind ' natural product that does not test on animals .
 This product did not work for me . The scalp is still there , and the shampoo does not do a job at cleaning my hair . Not worth it .
 I really like the conditioner of this product but was not impressed with the shampoo . I kept feeling like i had to put more on my hair for it to do anything . It never really felt that clean and it almost seemed to make my hair feel like it was in worse shape . The smell is also not very pleasant . Would n't really recommend it .
 This shampoo stinks ... like , it smells bad and it stinks at what it 's supposed to do . The smell is overpowering , and requires more than one wash to remove . As far as dandruff relief goes , it 's really not that great either . I suppose it 's better than not using dandruff shampoo , but I 'd almost rather suffer the flakes than walk around reeking of strange soap and eucalyptus all day . And I love the smell of eucalyptus ... but this stuff just is n't right .
 This product is no better than anything else I 've used and it smells bad to boot ! The price is no bargain either .
 Except for the aloe vera there is nothing natural about this product . I love the smell though , it has a light fresh smell that I find refreshing . However what is so natural about the following ingredients that are found in this product
 This company contacted me by email asking me to remove my bad review because they sent us expiring products , and they would refund my money , , well i havent gotten my money back yet its been about 3 weeks and nothing , Im retired Army and i believe people should stand behind their word , so far they havent , im very disappointed in this company . Ill post or change this if they want to stand by their word but so far this company seems kinda shadey .
 HoneyCombs Capsicum Extract Alcohol Free -LRB- Liquid -RRB- , 1 ozUnfortunately , when I received this product the bottle of extract had broken -LRB- it was a glass bottle put into a mailing envelop , e with no padding to protect from damage -RRB- so I never even got to use the product . It was a mess . The product itself may have been fine but HoneyComb needs to pay more attention to how thye ship breakable items . I could n't even return the item because it was such a mess .
 Product shipped promply , I used a half dropper everyday plus cayenne pepper on all my low-fat food and used this product for 3 weeks , which is all that comes in a bottle . I did not lose a pound .
 I have no idea how this product is at all since I never got it and probably never will get it . Maybe it 's great but who knows since I do n't have it .
 Shipped promptly . Found it did not do as much as I anticipated . Did not feel as energized and did not lose weight as I wanted .
 I bought this as an alternative to using a cayenne paste , and found it to be so weak , that it is next to useless . For my purposes , I had been applying cayenne externally , in the form of a paste , using about 1/2 teaspoon mixed with a little water . It was HOT . I bought this liquid form for convenience and for a stronger degree of heat . I understand that there are forms of liquid capsicum that are really quite hot , and only a couple of drops are needed in order to create the same result as the paste . THIS IS NOT THE STUFF . If you are looking for watery , weak capsicum , then this will be great . If you want heat , better look elsewhere , this is really , really weak .
 You have to use too much to get expected effect . Bottle last just few days . Little dissapointing compare to similar products .
 I do n't believe this works . It is spicy hot but does n't seem to speed up my metabolism or curb my appetite or cravings at all .
 I was looking for MGN3 . I looked on Amazon just for the heck of it and it showed them having MGN3 . I ordered it , paid the $ 65.00 + for it and it was not what I received . It was a substitute with another name on it . I am terribly disappointed in Amazon and will never purchased another item thru them . P Fyke
 After reading all great reviews here and in David Wolfe &#34; Eating for Beauty &#34; book , i was excited to order it . So , it arrived . I take 1/4 teaspoon as recommended for the beginners . 30 minutes later i get bad stomach pain , which doesnt go away for 3 days . Ok ... maybe coincidence . Doing it next time - same result . Very very sad . Sending it back .
 I am not sure why the design of the bottle would not allow the pellets to come out . Really aggravating when I would like to use the product ! Such a bad introduction to homeopathy . I 've requested replacement or refund .
 Both my wife and I kept getting stained teeth from alcohol-based mouthwashes , so about three years ago , much research and experimentation led us to become fans of Dr. Ken 's amazing , all-natural , alcohol-free mouthwash . My wife is very particular about the taste of her mouthwash , which had already ruled out Biotene.In the intervening years , it seems Dr. Ken keeps diddling with the formula . The first twist was not bad , as it `` lighened '' the wash somewhat -LRB- you will note that this mouthwash will stain your porcelain sinks , unless you diligently rinse and wipe the sink each time after rinsing -RRB- . But the last batch we bought from Amazon has not only new packaging -LRB- a white bottle -RRB- , but has a completely different balance of ingredients , and it tastes TERRIBLE ! I do n't mind as much , but my wife can no longer stand the stuff , so it 's back to the drawing board to find a new mouthwash.Wish I knew why you had to spoil a good thing , Dr. Ken .
 This is the stuff most dentists will give you with custom molded trays . It 's extremely powerful and painful , but worth it if used exactly as directed by your dentist . I wasted the first one and a half syringes in the box he gave me by using too much , so I bought three more boxes of the stuff just in case I needed them . DO NOT DO THIS . Use the amount your dentist gives you and do n't bleach anymore until you 've had another appointment . I have a friend who works at the dentist office and I mentioned how it seemed the whitening was making my teeth more vulnerable to staining from blueberry smoothies I was making ... or possibly that it was making my front teeth clear in spots . She informally concluded it was staining , not translucency and that I should keep bleaching to even them out . That was stupid of me to listen . It was n't the smoothies and now my front teeth have a slight translucency in spots that only got worse . My teeth that looked perfect and much whiter at the end of the first box of gel now look messed up in places . There 's absolutely nothing I can do about it now . It 's very difficult to find information on over-whitening on the internet because there are a lot of companies making loads of money off it . Bleach only under a dentist 's supervision and never buy these types of professional products to continue the regiment on your own ... even if you 've wasted a syringe , or something . I wish the dentist had warned me against over-bleaching , or at least that the dental assistant friend had known about it . Not having that information allowed me and her to make assumptions about my dental health that simply were n't informed . So be careful .
 I seriously doubt that there is any of the supposed active ingredient in this product . You are better off throwing your money in the garbage .
 Does not work at all . I put it on and there was no effect whatsoever ! I have to be wondering if it 's some useless lubricant - . - DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY - I 'm disgusted !
 It is a just cream . When I applied this one , but nothing happened ... A little bit of dumb ... That 's it . I do n't recommend it .
 I used this product it is not good and not as thy say it is not helps prolong sexual not good
 complete fail . works for maybe 30 seconds , then wears off . absolutely would not recommend it . Not to mention , it numbs her body parts too .
 Do n't work as it says do n't buy and waste your money do n't buy and waste your money do n't buy and waste your money
 This item BROKE the first time we used it . The battery contacts are flimsy and twist and break very easily ... The electrical design needs to be improved on many Doc Johnson items . Good shape and power , but since it broke , we did not get a chance to use it for very long ...
 It 's basically wrapped soft foam and gives no support of your neck what so ever . Try something else , this does n't do a thing other than make your neck sweat .
 This soft foam cervical collar lacks the appropriate support . I did not have any relief by wearing it . My chiropractor suggested wearing a cervical collar for the long hours that I spend on the computer . I ended up buying another collar for the same price from his office .
 I read the reviews and expected more from this item . I 've used it here and there but not daily because I did n't really see the difference . It was n't too expensive , but for the price I expected this item to at least help a little . The size was fine , but the fabric covering the foam is cheap and is starting to run . The foam is too soft . I would have liked the foam to be a bit more densed so that maybe it could make a difference . I 'm wearing it right now because I am testing it to see if it will help my neck problems at all or not when I am using the computer.I will update later .
 This product is too soft to be of any help . It does not give me any support , so it is useless .
 I had neck pain for 2 weeks , and wanted a supportive neck brace that would stop me from moving unnecessarily . This did n't help at all - it was too soft , and moved easily when I moved my neck , and did n't help at all.I would return it , but the return fees might be pretty high -LRB- and I could n't understand Amazon 's return policies - if I return it for not liking it , how much money do I get back ? -RRB- It might make a good neck pillow for when you travel : - -RRB-
 Received product in damaged condition . Seller has failed to respond to claim , even after documentation sent andclaims filed with UPS , seller and Amazon . Would not recommend seller , especially if you have problems .
 I thought this would be a great pen after looking at the reviews online . It constantly stops writing and the ink dries up !! You have to shake it or open the pen up and squeeze the ink cartridge to get the ink flowing again . Even with a brand new cartridge the ink still stops all the time . Waste of money !
 This product really sucks . It is uncomfortable and does nothing for me ! It went in the trash . . UGH !
 the only good thing i can say about this product was that it arrived before the estimated arrival date . i had been anxious for it to arrive , wanting to try something different , yet i ca n't bring myself to even try . the color is fine but how anyone could get past the putrid smell and sticky feel is beyond me . i thought maybe it needs to be washed and aired out . nope - that did n't help at all . and sadly to say i had ordered another similar to this one and it is just as bad . trust me , do n't waste your time or money on ordering these . lesson learned for me ? check them out in a store before trying to buy online .
 First of all , I would like to recommend to any lady interested in buying toys , to not buy them online , except from a store that reviews and tests their products.Secondly , I would like to say that when in comes to toys , do n't settle for cheap ones.The material that this toy is made from is low quality rubber that has a very strong , unpleasant plastic smell that does n't go away . Plus , it has a sticky sort of quality that not only pulls at the skin , it picks up dust and lint like nothing else , so keep it away from sheets or any surfaces , especially if you have a cat . In fact , I think they make products to pick up pet hair out of the same material.Also , the bullet vibrator inside it is too weak to be effective through such a thick rubber material.In summary , this was not even worth the low price I paid for it . It was a complete waste of money , especially since at the time I lived so close to a Good Vibrations store -LRB- wwwdotgoodvibesdotcom -RRB- which is a retailer I trust and whose reviews I always find helpful and accurate .
 The wavy shape of this vibrator is unusual , but it did n't work very well for me . It was more awkward than pleasurable . Since I have n't used it much since I first got it , I ca n't say much about the durability or consistent functionality .
 It 's not a miracle cure or magic bullet . Remember when Ginseng was THE latest thing ??? There are no adverse side effects . My suggestion is
 These nesting vases look pretty , but beware that the glass is really , really thin . Ours cracked when we poured in the hot wax that seals the sand in place . I was surprised to find that the glass walls are maybe two millimeters thick . This is something you want to keep your whole life ; you do not want it to be so fragile .
 The product would not work , I changed the batteries since the batteries appeared to be old and croaked but still nothing .
 I ordered one of these after my original PowerDishBrush finally died after years of faithful service . This one arrived non functional , I figured it was the batteries went to change them discovered they had leaked all over the inside of the case . Not worth the hassle to return it . But be careful of buying one of these .
 This cleaning device is worthless at getting really dirty dishes clean . Buy yourself a chore boy metal scrubber or some other scouring pad and use a little elbow grease , and you will get much quicker and better results . If you do use this product , be sure and not raise it out of the water while it is on , or you will have water everywhere . The kids think it is a lot of fun to monkey around with but other than that we do n't have much use for it .
 I have used the regular Ocuvite tablets but decided to switch to the Adult 50 + because it has more leutin . So , I ordered three from an Amazon supplier . The first and second ones smelled of fish the minute I opened the packages ; the third one reeked to the point I got a headache from the dead fish odor . I do n't know if this is due to the Ocuvite 50 + having Omega3 or the way it was stored by the supplier . They were all within the `` use date '' stamped on the packages . So , no , I will not get them again .
 I really can not say that these have improved my vision , nor reduced or slowed the movement of my floaters , which is my reason for trying Ocuvite . I have taken them for 3 months without any noticeable difference . I will give them another try though since it appears that so many have highly recommended/reviewed this product . Perhaps it takes longer than 3 months to effectuate any change . I suspect that this is one of those situations where every single experience will differ from the next and the best thing to do it just try them for yourself.UPDATE
 My eye doctor told me my eyes were very dry and recommended I use artificial tears several times daily . I was hoping this product would improve the dryness in my eyes so I would n't have to use the eye drops . I 've been using it for a month now and can see no difference . Maybe I have n't given it long enough but I do n't plan on continuing .
 I returned this item because it is not as advertised . The container is actually about 3x2 inches . Although it is pretty , it did not meet my needs .
 This is a nice product that looks good and feels substantial when you hold it . As others have mentioned , it comes with the cups , which is nice . However , mine came cracked in two places because of the very poor way it was packaged . Shipping it back would be half the price of buying it in the first place . Buy this in a brick-n-mortar store if you can , otherwise you are taking a gamble on Amazon shipping it in one piece .
 I ordered this as a replacement for one that was broken . The one I recieved was not as pictured and not of the same quality as the one I was replacing even though they are the same brand . I even researched jar `` 1 '' vs `` 2 and 3 '' and this should have been the correct one . I did n't feel like hassling with the company to return it so I just kept it as it matched well enough , but be forewarned .
 The York Apothecary jar listed and shown matches my existing set and I purchased it to replace a broken piece . However , the lid is different from my set and that shown in the photo .
 This disposable bathroom cup dispenser is very well designed and the white/chrome color lends itself to practically all bathrooms . I did n't care for the color of the cups , however , but was planning on buying some plain white ones to in their place . I only gave this one star because I never got to use the dispenser since it was broken upon receipt . From looking at other reviews , I see that I was not the only one who had this experience .
 I ordered three of these and they were as expected , but poorly package so one is broken . If properly packaged this would not have happened .
 Having received the `` Inter Design Apothecary glass jar # 1 , '' it was a real let down , i.e. a rip off . Yes , the jar fits many standard q-tips . My issues ? # 1 , loading the jar is very inconvenient . # 2 the glass container is very thin . # 3 the chromed steel top ? I 'm wondering how long it 'll last before it starts to rust.At $ 14 dollars , do n't waste your money . Of course , what 'd you expect ... it 's made in China?How many of you Amazon buyers realize anything that imported into the U. S. requires tariff duties ? Yeah , just about ZERO . The tariff was created to protect American manufactures against Far East competitors . Inform yourselves with the tariff schedule here :[ ... -RSB- IMO , Inter Design probably paid maybe $ 2 per unit ... and sells for $ 14 each?FYI
 If you are expecting this to actually be a `` Large '' canister - do not . This canister is actually short and much smaller than the other InterDesign sells -LRB- within the same set -RRB- that is not advertized as large . This canister stands about three inches high , and is surprisingly SMALL .
 Lasted only 2 weeks . Week 1 - speed one went out , week 2 it died . Worked good for week . Buy at you own risk .
 I have liked the smaller Doc Johnson Pocket Rocket . But this one does n't seam to have the better umph I thought it would . With fresh batteries it just seams to go to much of a vibration to where you barely actually get good stimulation . This is my experience at least .
 These taste terrible ! The texture is dry and chalky . You would think for a bar that dry it would contain more protein . Other bars containing the same supplements taste better and have a smoother texture . I would not recommend this product to my friends or family because there are better protein bars that are much tastier and not so dry .
 This is a great product . However , the subscription process on Amazon leaves some to be desired.I love the concept and am trying it once again even after saying `` Never again '' over trying toget the subscription for this product cancelled . ... for months ... and then getting a forcedpurchase - delivery that I found out about by seeing the charge show up in my online bankstatement and a few days later on my door step . Automated shopping is supposed to be EASIER.Having to repeatedly address this sort of snafu is what sends many shoppers back to thebricks/mortar stores .
 These did n't really taste the way I expected and I did n't care for them . I like peanut butter and chocolate chips , but I just did n't like them together . My son and husband both loved them , so I guess it 's your preference . Maybe I will try a different flavor because I need all the energy I can get .
 Why there was USD 15 postage shortfall that needed to pay upon arrival on the items I purchased at the same time , which was not notified when PO placed ? Felt like a cheating game and will have to accept by paying the extra USD 15 .
 I would n't recommend this product to a friend because it really does n't taste that good . The bars were edible , but I had to force myself to eat it . I did n't feel energized after eating it , even though it 's supposed to be an energy bar . I would n't purchase this product .
 I was a little disappointed in the taste , I felt it had an aftertaste . I love some of the other ones just not this one .
 these are absolutely delicious , but I ordered this item and the one i got was this item but it was the old wrapper and the expiration date was only like five months away . I mean I did n't mind so much that the wrapper was old , but the fact that the bars themselves were actually old . Usually when I buy these bars in the local drugstore , they do n't expire for a least another year or more .
 Tried a cycle of this , not sure it had any effect at all . Was stacking Fightlabs products with it , but didnt notice anything from this product ? I didnt grow a foot taller or gain 50 lbs I guess ! Not buying again ...
 I 'm not so sure I liked these Dawn Wash & Toss Pads . The soft side fell apart quite easily and to me , they did n't stay soapy long enough to do a sink full of dishes . I think these would be alright for single people or those with only 2-3 family members -LRB- total -RRB- in the household . But for couples who have more than 1 child , the old-fashioned bottle of dish soap and washcloth work a lot better .
 Maybe I 'm paranoid about fakes from China , but this pen seems to lack top quality characteristics . I have another Cross Century II Selectip , which I did buy in China strangely enough , that feels better than this one I ordered off of the Amazon.com seller.The cap wobbles very very slightly when on the pen , and the transition from lacquer to steel at the bottom of the pen feels cheap since it transitions through plastic first . Also , when I unscrew the barrel to change out a tip it squeaks and feels of low quality , I do n't know why.It writes fine of course . I may end up liking it more as I use it but right now it just feels cheaper than this other Cross Selectip I bought .
 This item did not work . The soap woudld not come out when you pushed the button . You had to push it 20 times to get any tiny micro amount of soap to come out at all . So it was more work to use it than to just do it the old fashioned way . Finally we just cut the dispensing part open wider but then all the soap poured out . It was also a major hassle to refill . The hole is so tiny you cant get the soap in . IT DOES NOT WORK . Good handle design , so its too bad .
 wanted the green and silver right guard with a specific sent , I was sent a orange colored one not the same product as the ad pucture . Do n't fall for the bait and swich .
 In the picture for this item , it shows the light gray label with the word DRYTEK at the bottom , which is the kind I was seeking . When it arrived , it was not the same product as what is shown in the photo , so I was very disappointed .
 I think we used this like twice . I did not like it at all . It was n't strong . we bought it as a replacement for the cheap one that broke and this was just as bad .
 The picture shows three brushes . A different order shows a dozen brushes for about $ 15 . So , I assumed I would get three brushes , based on the cost . Only one came . And that was not a good quality brush , to boot . A lot of the bristles were different lengths , and some stuck up/down farther than they should have . Before it can be used , this brush needs a haircut to get the bristles approximately the same length .
 The ad image shows three brushes , which is what I reasonably expected -- especially for the price . Do n't be fooled . You will get only one . Deceptive , to say the least .
 The product is your average nail brush and works okay . Before buying I read the other reviews and was left with the impression from them and the product photo that this is a triple pack / contains three brushes . It does n't . Also , as there is no ability to choose which color , it 's totally luck of the draw . All in all , a bit of a disappointment .
 The bristles are hard and do not soften under warm water . It can not be hung from a hook . This listing is for one brush , not three .
 The brush can not reach the bottom of the bottle and it is too hard , creates not good touch the wall of the bottle at all . i tried several different bottles , it did n't work very well .
 I have purchased and used two of these devices in the past four months . They are easy to install and yes , they do a great job of keeping an already clean toilet very clean . However , do keep a mop handy . You 'll need it ... One day after flushing , I walked out of my bathroom . When I walked back in a few hours later , I was puzzled to find water all over the floor . I mopped it up , figured I must have made a mess somehow and did n't think much about it . Later , I used the bathroom again , flushed and then hung out in there for a bit to take out my contacts . Suddenly , my bare feet were awash in cold water that was all over the floor again.I traced it back to my toilet , pulled off the top and noticed that my Kaboom unit had blown open . The little black rubber seal around the threads of the screw-on top had given out , and so water was spraying out of the unit , onto the back of the tank and riccocheting up and out onto the floor.Ok , I figured this must be a fluke . I must have bought a defective one or something . So , I went right out and bought a new one . I installed it immediately and had a fresh clean toilet . I thought my troubles were over . They were ... for another few weeks , until the same exact thing happened again
 I bought two of these . On one toilet , it left a weird film in the bowl , and then one of the tubes let loose and poured water all over the floor . Even when I put the tube back , it would not stay on . On the other one , the cap leaked and sprayed water all over the top of the tank , which subsequently dripped onto the floor . Great return policy , too -LRB- for them , not for the customer -RRB- . The product has to be returned -LRB- ewww ! pack up and mail something out of my toilet ? -RRB- with the receipt within 15 days -LRB- except that the product does n't fail right away -RRB- .
 # 1 -RRB- This product was once called `` Puricel '' . The check valve on the Puricel unit always leaked . This put chlorinated water into the tank and that damages all of the rubber seals . # 2 At one time , Puricel furnished a plastic , drop-in refill cartridge that consisted of a chemical in chip form . After a few months , they changed the chips to a solid , large pellet . # 3 -RRB- Evidently , Kaboom now owns Puricel . Kaboom redesigned the Puricel item and discontinued the replacement cleaning cartridge . # 4 -RRB- Kaboom now furnishes a very expensive cleaning pack consisting of two pellets that are to be dropped into the unit . # 5 -RRB- I have found that some of the pellets do not ever gradually dissolve . They just sit there in the unit , looking at you ! They last forever and the toilet never gets clean unless you do it yourself.For those of us who have the old Puricel units
 I bought 5 of these , one for each bathroom . First of all they left piles of pink slimy goo in the tank . Second , they ate through the gaskets around the flush valves , the flush valves , and the flapper valves so that water continuously ran down the bowl and into the drain . I wasted THOUSANDS of gallons of water before I could catch all the toilets running like this . I then spent over $ 45 in parts on EACH of the 5 toilets replacing all the flush valves , flapers and gaskets . These were top of the line Kohler toilets too , not some cheap bargain toilet . Fortunately , I did the work myself or it would have cost who knows how much with a plumber . Do NOT EVER listen to that screaming IDIOT Billy Mays pushing products . I tried to give it ZERO stars but the rating system here would n't let me .
 ** Please keep in mind this is a review of the product ONLY and not the seller . Thanks.My husband bought this product and we tried it , however it does n't clean like it advertises it does , I was n't looking to not clean my toilet for three months , that 's unrealistic , but I was looking to stop cleaning every three days . This did n't help me with that at all . They are expensive for the lack of cleaning power and to top it all off , they have a rancid sewer smell , I could n't figure out why my bathroom stunk , I cleaned , bleached , sprayed all to no avail , then my mom mentioned that she tried this product and it made her bathroom stink ! So I promptly removed mine , and viola ! No more stinky bathroom ! I would not recommend this at all , I continue to buy old faithful , the clorox drop in 's .
 I just got this product . It seems to work well but the smell is like a sewer I have an air freshener & it does n't block the smell not sure if I can keep using it . Also I have a low flo toilet & ca n't figure out how to hook it up in that toilet .
 I 've been using this product for over a year . I have to say it does a fantastic job of keeping your toilet bowl clean without forcing you to replace the flapper in the tank every few months because the other in-tank solutions destroy it.But , this is the original design . It 's impossible to keep from leaking . The O-ring does n't fit correctly ; I added a rubber band to help seal it but even that did n't totally fix the leaking problem.Why is leaking bad ? Two reasons . First , if it comes out fast enough it will , and has , shot right out of the tank -LRB- past the lid -RRB- and onto the floor . Second , it fills the tank faster than it fills the bowl so you do n't have as much water in the bowl.I recently replaced this design with the newer one -LRB- # 35113 -RRB- . They totally redesigned it and it works great . Cleans your toilet and it does n't leak . Make sure you buy the new one , not this one .
 I typically shave , and I got sick and tired of having to shave so frequently . So I decided to try waxing . Well , I can now say that this product does not do such a great job removing the hair , but it sure does create a big old mess . Not worth any amount of money !
 I decided to try this product because it was cheap and I 'm usually a vanilla person . I love vanilla everything and because I had already tried the chocolate version and wanted a change I thought this would be perfect . Turns out it was n't . The taste is horrible . Even thought there 's no aspartame it tastes like there 's artificial sweeteners in it . The first time I tried it it made me gag . The only way I was able to finish the box was to put it in my shaker and just take very big gulps without breathing . That way it was over in less than 30sec . I 've tried the chocolate and at fist did n't like it , but this stuff makes the chocolate taste like candy . The chocolate tastes just like chocolate -LRB- more like hot cocoa -RRB- , but without added sugar . This stuff does not resemble vanilla ice cream at all.I 'm not gon na completely bash it however , because how many protein shakes actually taste good ? Despite the taste , it did what it was supposed to do . I drank one of these and it kept me full for three hours which is great for only 180cal . These shakes have helped me control my eating and keep me on my 1200cal a day diet -LRB- 200 cal every 3 hours -RRB- . I never experienced gas , bloating or any kind of stomach cramps . If you can get over the taste which wo n't last too long if you just gulp them down then this product is n't too bad . I would recommend trying the chocolate flavor , however . It tastes more natural . I have yet to try the strawberry .
 I did n't like the thickness or the flavor , compared to another protein powder that I was used -LRB- Optimum Nutrition Gold Standard Vanilla -RRB- . Perhaps this is the nature of all meal replacement shakes -- not sure.Easy to use/carry , mixes well -LRB- no lumps -RRB- , and mixes with water -LRB- rather than requiring milk -RRB-
 I loved the flavor of the vanilla shakes until one of my packages had dry maggots in it , which makes me be seriously concerned about the cleanliness of the facility that packed the protein powder -- or about the origin of the protein in the pack . Would give Labrada negative stars if I could .
 Although this is a good product , I am not a fan of the vanilla flavor at all . I normally order the chocolate flavor and I like that very much . In fact , I ordered chocolate this time too , but received vanilla . I would highly recommend the chocolate flavor ... but not vanilla ... yuck .
 I do not like the flavor . I love vanilla ice cream / shakes . This shake however , does n't even compare in a natural goodness . It is chalky and harsh . I even tried blending in strawberries . The flavor of the shake was too powering over the strawberries . I would be open to trying the chocolate ... but not at this price .
 This product contains soy isoflavins , the plant equivalent of estrogen . This has different effects on different people . For some , it makes them more fertile -LRB- see articles on soy and fertility -RRB- . For those who use oral contraceptives with estrogen , this product can make you physically sick , including migraine-like headaches and diarrhea . If you take oral contraceptives and suffer ANY adverse consequences after using this product , STOP and find a non-soy replacement like Biox Whey Isolate .
 Lean body is ok . I purchased the chocolate and the consistency kind of makes me sick . The flavor is decent .
 I loved the flavor of the vanilla shakes until one of my packages had dry maggots in it , which makes me be seriously concerned about the cleanliness of the facility that packed the protein powder -- or about the origin of the protein in the pack . Would give Labrada negative stars if I could .
 Oddly there is absolutely no mention in any of these reviews about how much protein there is in this protein based product . Does anyone know ? after all its a protein meal replacement shake . I do n't care about how pretty the box is or how little the calorie content is or if it tastes great . If a person is not getting the proper amount of proteins to support proper workout then the product is useless . Protein , Thats the whole point . i wouldnt buy this product based on the reviews at all because they miss the effectivness of most crucial ingredient . Sigh , For the record it has 30 grams of protein . -LRB- thanks for clarifying that for me Gordon . -RRB-
 These vitamins contain cholecalciferol -LRB- D3 -RRB- , a form of Vitamin D that is animal-derived -LRB- from lanolin or fish -RRB- . The vegetarian version of Vitamin D , ergocalciferol -LRB- D2 -RRB- , is derived from yeast .
 Unfortunately I ca n't say if this product was effective or not , because we used it only once . The smell is so offensive and strong , something like medicated Gold Bond plus bug repellant times 10 , that I could n't bring myself to use it again . It 's a shame , because I like most of the ingredients and I believe they would be helpful for eczema and general itchy skin , if only I could stop smelling it in every corner of the house .
 Although this does the trick -LRB- it charges the NiMH batteries -RRB- , I 've used much nicer products that are really not much more expensive.The charger is not `` rapid '' by any means . It takes more than 10 hours to charge fully . Also , the batteries have to be positioned ` just right ' to get the charge lights to stay on . AAA batteries are even harder to get right . Another problem is that batteries much be charged in pairs . Overall , I much prefer the other offerings like the Lenmar Mach 1 charger . Spend the extra money .
 The case I received is NOT the case shown . The one I received was made of really thin , cheap blue plastic . It would provide no protection . It also had the label &#34; Remington &#34; on it . It is a complete rip-off , and a waste of money .
 They made my stomach upset even though it is not suppose to . They also have a bitter taste on the mouth .
 I liked all ingredients listed except for one , vegetable lubricant . I have contacted the vendor and got the answer . It is something called stearic acid . It is up to you to decide whether it is harmful or not . For me , I do not feel comfortable taking it .
 Look closely at the picture of these clip on glasses.There is a bridge of plastic between the lenses that is so low it will dig into your nose.These lenses were originally made to clip onto the rim of a baseball hat so that they were away from the face.As direct clip on 's they are useless.The vendor will not refund your shipping to or shipping return for these glasses so you will be stuck with them .
 The new recipe has the same flavor but the wonderfully thick creamy mint filling has been replaced by a slimy white mush -- and the chocolate is much thicker . Some might enjoy these changes but I found them unpalatable . Today , when weight gain is an issue for most people , why mess with the formula to create a fattier product ? I will not be buying these again .
 New recipe just not as good . They brag about more chocolate , but the filling just does n't have the same flavor .
 Too much to ship . I bought in combination with 2 other candies to get a free shipping deal from Amazon . All 3 shipped from different places and I paid seperate shipping for all . READ THE FINE PRINT !!!!!
 Maltitol , Lactitol , Isomalt and Sorbitol -- the sugar substitutes used in this product can be pure poison to some individuals . I am one of those people . Granted , the makers of this product warn it can have a laxative effect -LRB- that 's from the above-mentioned sugar substitutes , not the product itself -RRB- , but some of us go way beyond experiencing a laxative effect to debilitating diarrhea even with moderate consumption of cookies or candies made with these sugar substitutes .
 The tingle in your skin when ou take Niacin is unbearable . I see why the dr tells you to take it during the night while you sleep .
 Yes its cheap but its not pure.Swanson claims they test their stuff for purity but you can not get a copy of the results.I found contaminates in the product .
 The Spiru-Tein Bars - -LSB- Strawberry Yogurt Flavor -RSB- lack any real flavor . We purchased them because the Spirutein Meal Replacement Shakes are so good and nutritional . However the taste of the Bars are so poor , that they are not worth purchasing again . We have been eating Meal Replacement Bars for a quick lunch during the work week for about 20 years , and of all the Bars we have tried , this one was the worst .
 I never can tell if these work , but at least the flavor was good . Now they taste bad too : -LRB-
 I ordered this item and received Fish Oil + Omega-3 softgels with no Omega 6 . The size is correct , 1200mg fish oil ... of which 360mg is Omega-3 fatty acids . And , the bottle is actually 20 % more free , so it 's 120 softgels not 100 . I will keep these to replace the comparable tablets I already have , but the item is not as described .
 I really like California Baby 's diaper rash cream ; but , have had a very disappointing experience with their body washes and lotions . My boy 's have very sensitive skin and this lotion ended up making their skin worse . My 3 1/2 month old has eczema and I think the lotion and body wash made his skin worse . Now I am trying to correct it . It smells great and the lotion is thick ; but , it had the opposite effect . Wo n't buy again !
 did absolutely nothing . I could n't tell i was taking it . There is a lot of English Ivy that grows where I live I was hoping this would help my sinuses . I usually have to blow with in an hour of coming inside morning or evening . would Not recommend . more reviews of everything @ b29349 on youtube . View NOW .
 I have been in contact with Unger for over one month trying to get a refund for the tele-pole plus which they have received back via UPS weeks ago and I have discussed the refund with them directly several times and they say they will refund my $ 110.55 - but they never do it . they constantly tell me that the warehouse , or accounting or sales or the man in the moon have to approve the refund and that i will hear from them within 48 hours , then NOTHING &#62; Amazon A to Z is now working on the refund for me and I thank you for that . I also ordered items to fit this pole which I am not even going to begin to try and return . These items are about a $ 20.00 purchase , but i do n't have the time to deal with them on that bit. ,
 My mother had been taking these and I finally got around to researching it . Please read the links below , including a press release from the FDA , and decide for yourself if the risk outweighs the benefits.http : / / www.fda.gov/bbs/topics/NEWS/2006/NEW01521.htmlhttp://www.resource4thepeople.com/defectivedrugs/quinine.html
 I ordered this because all I wear is Chloe Narcisse and I always get compliments , but this was not up to standards at all , It does n't even smell like Chloe . I am very unhappy with the product !!
 Mine rotted and leaks all over the kitchen counter ! Had to throw it out . Tried gluing it everything . Would think water would n't be a problem .
 Very disappointed . Loved the concept , but I am shopping for a different one now . This one started rusting after only a few weeks of use . Looks terrible now and I am cleaning rust off my countertop because of it .
 With only moderate use this stylish design produced unsightly rust around the neck of the bottle and dispenser hole - needed to be replaced - not a good deal .
 After several years of regular use , pump works well , and metal does n't rust . Container holds plenty of soap -LRB- about 3/4 of a bottle -RRB- . But , the sponge holder has no ventilation or drainage . There 's always moisture at the bottom , and sponges get moldy , despite being well squeezed . Metal scrubs tend to rust for same reason .
 Rust spots within a week , spring for pump failed within 2 weeks . See my review for Umbra Vapor Soap Pump , I would recommend that instead .
 This product was nice looking when I received it but in a matter of a week it started to slowly rust around the top and has continued to do so . I was so upset but I had to throw it away after only a month of use . Not worth the money . Great concept but does n't last .
 Unfortuantely , this dispenser rusted from the bottom out within 6 months of owning resulting in the dispenser starting to leak soap .
 POSITIVEI bought this to replace a motion sensor dispenser that failed in order to go back to basics . It is a simple , sturdy , and practical design.NEGATIVEThe major flaw with this product is that the scrub pad/sponge holder has no holes at the bottom . Even if you ring out the water from a sponge , as best you can , placing it in the attached holder creates a mildewed sponge in a short amount of time . I end up just placing my sponge on top of the holder rather than in it to avoid ruining the sponge and getting mildew odor .
 I read all the reviews and decided to go ahead and buy this since I had an earlier model which I liked and lasted about 5 years . I 've had this one for two weeks and it is already more rusted than the one I bought it to replace . The little dispensing tube has also fallen out repeatedly . I just went and bought a replacement because this is just awful !
 One of the best and long lasting pumps I have ever had , but it now sits on top of a sponge to absorb the soap that leaks out of the bottom . Such a shame too ... It 's an all metal bottom but they managed to leave a little hole in it . It I had a soldering iron I might try to fix it myself .
 This product did not work for me , when I inquired to the company about this product , they informed me that maybe I needed 2 to bring about the desired effect . I told them they can keep this 1 , it is being returned . ASAP
 It 's hard to know whether this product will actually work or not . It is advertised and spoken about using TWO bands . SO , naturally , I assumed that you would get TWO bands when you ordered it . It came with only one . When I contacted the company through their customer relations e-mail regarding this matter and how I would have ordered two , had I known -- saving myself the time and extra shipping cost , I never got a response ! I sent it twice -- the very same request -- not a word !
 The product pictured is not the product being sold . Bowling Alley wax is the clear paste wax from Butcher 's . In the item listing , notice the `` AMB '' this indicates the Amber paste wax from Butcher 's which has an amber tint to it . I ordered this product without noticing that the item listing and the picture did not match , and when I contacted the seller , they offered to send me a call tag to ship it back to them for a credit on my account , but tried to tell me the two products were the same , and when I disagreed , they admitted they did n't actually have the product pictured in stock and would not be able to send the products I ordered . Buyer beware .
 Please be aware
 I 've been a huge fan of these bubbles until recently I noticed a difference in the consistency of the bubbles . The solution is like water and wo n't blow any bubbles ! So I contacted California Baby via email , and heard a response right away from someone named `` Sue '' who promised that she would send me a postage paid envelope for me to return the defective bottles I had . Problem is , she did n't follow through , and has not to this day . So after a month of my twins crying for bubbles , we 've moved on to another product . I feel like I got gipped ! My advice ... the customer service department at CA Baby does n't care if you are happy with their product ... so move on unless you want to pay $ 20 a bottle for water .
 I used kleer vu on 2 pairs of eye glasses and it ruined the protective coating on both pairs of glasses . The product was used as directed and resulted in me having to buy two pairs of glasses at the cost of $ 384 and $ 400 . DO NOT USE ON EYE GLASSESIHAVE REQUESTED REIMBERSEMENT FOR BOTH PAIRS OF GLASSES
 I have used dozens of brands of pad electrodes for TENS . These are the stickiest I have encountered , staying stuck in situations others would fall off . That is , sadly , their only saving grace . The adhesive tends to pull off in small sticky gobs during removal and cleaning . The leads are held in place very poorly , ripping completely out of the pads in some instances .
 Worked great until I dropped it ... Then it broke in the middle !! I replaced it with the non-powered version , which has shown itself much more robust ... Blades are a better deal than current generation of razors !
 I shave once every two days and decided to try M3 Power Nitro -LRB- black -RRB- . It attracted my attention by innovative idea of combining regular razor with electro-vibration , thus making a hybrid.I 'm not impressed with it at all ! I do n't like it for several reasons . Vibration actually is mostly reflected on a handle so I felt uncomfortable because it was making my hand too shaky and I 'm 26 years old and not a drinker ! It does n't cause cuts or burns but it felt really annoying to my hand while shaving and even a few minutes later!Due to a better lubricator-strip it glides better , softer than regular Mach3 but shaving performance is about the same . Handle grip is OK but a bit worse than regular Mach3 because it does n't have fully rubberized handle bottom . It can be used with Mach3 cartridges , I tested and shaved . While shaving I was concerned about not getting wet its battery compartment.I would rather use it as regular Mach3 razor , with vibration turned off , but would NOT buy another ! Why pay more for a `` fancy '' but in fact useless/annoying vibration function if regular Mach3 does practically the same , if not better , job ?!
 This razor is very poor and not worth the money . You would be better off buying a cheap throw-away razor than using this one . Gillette 's advertising is a complete ripoff .
 stoped working after 5 days , it does not worth mailing it back to return , mailing cost a lot . that is how they sell thier junk i wish I bought it from local storeGillette M3 Power Nitro Razor
 I have to have gluten free . This fits the bill . BUT , it 's way too sweet . There are definitely better whey options out there , but for the money , this is OK . The vendor , Organics Wholesale -LRB- Amazon -RRB- advertised the product as in stock . It was n't . I waited 3 weeks just to get it . When you deal with the vendor via email , you have no idea who you 're communicating with . Fortunately , nothing shady , but do n't order from Organics Wholesale unless you have PLENTY of time .
 I like my trimmer , but be warned , when the internal batteries die , a perfectly good trimmer is not usable . Batteries ca n't be replaced , and it ca n't run corded .
 This item does not show how many capsules are included.I think that it would be nice for the customer to know .
 This mop head did n't `` mop '' up the water on the floor at all . For the price , I would definitely not recommend purchasing .
 While the ad prominently displays on the label `` Potassium '' , only when you receive the bottle can you see that each tablet contains only 3 % of Daily Value . In other words , you have to take 33 tablets each day to receive 100 % !! Very misleading .
 This mop head did n't `` mop '' up the water on the floor at all . For the price , I would definitely not recommend purchasing .
 This type of wax does not work for the following area 's . LegsBRAZILIAN IS A BIG NO NO!eye browand lip.this is all that I have tried but it has been ineffective . It doesnt stick to the strips.And I have 5 years experience in waxing .
 This looks like paint and smells like paint . I ca n't wait to try the honee or the azulene instead .
 According to a study done by Bastyr University , this product contains zero strains of acidophilus and possibly some other harmful contents . Buyer beware . I plan to return my bottle after taking two pills -LRB- had no effect on me -RRB- . Obviously those writing good reviews are either considering the placebo affect or do not have issues needing product in the first place . No wonder it is so cheap !
 I switch to this pro-biotic , took it for 3 weeks until noticed some stomach disconfort , so no longer take it , will switch back to the essential next .
 I 've had thrush/candida overgrowth for THREE YEARS now thanks to a course of antibiotics I took back in 2009 . I 've tried everything to get rid of it , to no avail . My doctor told me to try this stuff ... I did , and noticed absolutely no change or benefits of any kind .
 DID NOT WORK FOR ME AT ALL , after completing the entire bottleNo noticeable bad side effects or anything , but nothing good either.Here are 2 studies , one saying Natrol is junk , the other saying it is n't too bad . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Table 2 of this study says with confidence level 100 % that there is effectively nothing in these pills :[ ... -RSB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Natrol is n't too bad :[ ... -RSB-
 Did not get Puritan swabs . The vendor sent some other brand of swab and the shafts break very easily . Worthless really .
 I wanted to try buying this online because it cost me $ 40 in the store for 1 tub and now i regret it , it does n't taste at all like the one i buy at my local vitamin shop . I checked the skus to make sure i didnt mess up and order the wrong one and they matched up with the tub i bought locally and every thing else on the bottle matched up with my old one too . This one is way to chalky and does n't dissolve all the way either so i guess im going back to spending more on this product at my local vitamin shop
 I ordered this product , thinking it would be decent , based on the reviews I have read -LRB- both here on amazon and elsewhere -RRB- ... . I was WRONG . It is very hard to mix in with liquid -LRB- it clumps up at the bottom of my blender bottle -RRB- , and has a chalky taste , with a nasty aftertaste . Do NOT waste your money on this product !!!!!
 Caused intestinal problems - find another shake , definitely not a winner . Have purchased many different shakes over the years and this one was not a go .
 Alright , either this thing has no scooper or mine came with none which is really lame . There is nothing in my house that measures in grams so I do n't technically know how much powder to put . This is extremely annoying . Other than that , it tastes great .
 Look , I know there are nasty tasting whole earth raw shakes out there that are seriously nasty , and as an industry we 've come a long way in flavor with these , but this vanilla ice cream powder is so nasty that I can not describe it other than to say that it smells like a cheap `` buttercream cupcake '' candle , and it tastes like a whole truckload of quarters and fake Splenda sweetener rusting in your mouth ... the way your mouth is cold when you have n't slept all night , like all that nasty at the same time.Now with all that said , the chocolate ice cream flavor is the best ever !! I make it as an after gym hot chocolate breakfast and it 's just delicious and it works like even I ca n't believe . Get the chocolate and give it a little more water than it calls for , it 's great.Gonna try the strawberry one next , hopefully it 's like the chocolate one .
 I 've have never had a good tasting protein meal replacement shake and this one is no better . I know taste preference is all subjective . But if you do n't like the sickening sweet flavor of artificial sweetners and that nasty after taste , then you wo n't like this . Please note I hate the taste of diet soda too , just to give you a reference point . After forcing myself to drink it once a day for a week , I just could n't do it anymore . The articial sweetening is too much for me and the thought of having to drink it everyday . . well I just ca n't do it . I will continue making my own meal replacement shakes with plain whey protein with no artificial sweeters . I like to mix in a little fruit -LRB- blueberries , raspberries or strawberries -RRB- or yogurt or honey to keep carbs low .
 I have bought this product in the past but it was in individual packets . It tasted much better compared to this product . I ended up returning it as it was that awful .
 I am giving this two stars because what I received is not what is pictured here . My daughter picked this one because she likes the color blue and she likes Gary on it . What Amazon sent me was an orange one with only Spongebob . It took a lot of coaxing to get her to use it . Other than the color of the toothbrush , it works great .
 The photographs in the manual are poor quality . It seemed that the provided tools were not needed , but that ca n't be right . Ca n't widen the base . The instructions often do n't match the actual product . No instructions or photographs regarding how to use the sling . This might be a good product , but I still have n't figured out how to safely use it . BTW , I have a Masters in Manufacturing Engineering .
 I 've been brushing my own teeth for nearly 50 years now , and I 've never felt the need to use a toothbrush with a microfine rasp on the back of the head . Used once and tossed . Luckily it came in a two-pack , so I have one here to remind me NEVER to buy this again .
 I bought the `` soft '' bristle toothbrush and I ca n't tell you what torture it was for my gums . The head of the brush is very wide therefor making it more of a brush to your gums than to your teeth . The outter bristles stick our further than the bristles on the inside that would get to your teeth , therefore making the brush useless to your teeth . Feels like you have n't brushed yet . That 's my opinion , for what it 's worth , and I hope it helps you .
 This new brush is just silly . It works just like every other brush I 've owned in the past 30 years . There 's nothing new here , its just a re-invented re-invention of the same old thing , again . The new twist is the tongue cleaner which feels like -LRB- and works not quite as well as -RRB- a tab of velcro -LRB- it scrapes the insides of your cheeks -RRB- . I do n't think any real people actually tested this brush , but then again , who 'd buy it if it did n't look like a revolution in brushing technology ? It may work well for cleaning road grime off of car wheels .
 The performance of the Norelco T780 is adequate , but not as powerful as an older Norelco trimmer it replaced . I must go over my beard several time to get a uniform trim.Now , for the real complaint
 So let me start off by telling you how I use this trimmer . I have very short hair , and about once a month , I will set the trimmer on the longest length setting and just trim my entire head
 I usually use hair trimmers to trim my beard but tried the Norelco T780 . The trim guides were useless unless you want a 1/4 inch beard or shorter , and had to go over area 's repeatedly to get this to cut anything .
 I bought the Philips Norelco T780 Rechargeable Vacuum Trimmer because one of their earlier , humbler trimmer was great ... I used that for about 8 years -LRB- 4 in India -RRB- before I simply misplaced it ... so needing a new one.But this new one is rather wimpy in function ... especially on a good length beard ... and the vacuum is largely cosmetic .
 I bought this product primarily to trim my mustache . It does not work well for that purpose . The design of this unit with the vaccuum feature prevents you from seeing what you are trimming . For shaving a beard , I imagine it would work fine . I gave the razor to someone who uses it to shave their head and they like it .
 Great performance while it works . Died on me about a month and a half after buying , not sure what 's wrong with it ... light says it 's charging but nothing comes on when i turn it on . This is my second Norelco product and both now have done the same thing . Only difference is that the other one lasted a lot longer .
 This is the worst trimmer I have ever bought . It takes twice as long a others because the hair gets stuck in the vacuum so you keep having to empty it out and then clean it.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.Steve
 I tried to use this piece of junk twice and neither time did it even attempt to remove any hair . Just this morning I smashed it and threw away the pieces . Do not waste your money like I did .
 I just received my Norelco T780 to replace a long used older Norelco model . It took two people 25 minutes with multiple tools to open the double sized bubble packing . What if you are older or do n't see well ... it would be impossible and dangerous . Norelco should be ashamed of themselves .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE OF THE PRICE AND GOOD REVIEWS . THIS PRODUCT IS USELESS . IT DOES NOT DO ANYTHING THAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO . IT SEEMS TO BE `` WORKING PROPERLY . ''
 This trimmer is too big and bulky to work well . The guide slips a little when using . When not using the guide it is difficult to use accurately because of the angle and the size . I sent this one back and bought my old one -LRB- T765 -RRB- . Although it does n't have the vacuum function it is small enough to work much better .
 This trimmer was designed by someone without facial hair.About the only thing that works decently is the vacuum feature.As others have noted -LRB- and I foolishly ignored -RRB- , the guard slips settings when only pressing with moderate force against your face . The only way to not accidently hack holes in your beard is to hang onto the adjustment ring when in use . The guard is also designed in such a way that it is really difficult to get that patch under your nose -LRB- poor detail control -RRB- . A $ 15 plug-in is worth more than this thing .
 For years I owned a previous model , the Norelco T860 . In fact , I still own it and it works just fine -LRB- although it now only holds a charge for about a week -RRB- . I needed another trimmer for another location , and this one was the upgrade that was available . What a disappointment.For one thing , it 's really big . While the T860 was like a small South American banana , the T780 is like a big North American cucumber . Imagine trying to create an intricate drawing with a child 's crayola instead of a pencil.The extra size is apparently needed for the internal vacuum . This vacuum `` works '' in that it does n't let hairs fall to the sink . But they become forever clogged inside the apparatus ; you 're never going to get them cleaned out , even after opening the flimsy plastic cover . The vacuum also adds to the noise . And my razor does n't have a vacuum , so I 'm going to have to clean up hairs anyway.The extra girth and the vacuum outlet near the blades means that , as much as I try to cram the thing up under my nose , the blades ca n't reach the hairs at the top of my upper lip . I have to resort to using the -LRB- non-vacuuming -RRB- trimmer on my razor , or I 'll have two or three long , uncut hairs just under my nose . And the retractable vacuum cover near the blades obscures the view and turns an agile row of blades into an unwieldy block of plastic.The only benefit of this model is that the battery works well and it uses a nice color scheme.I wish I knew where to buy another Norelco T860.Update 2010-09-20
 This trimmer is a joke!First of all it 's cordless and it takes a whole lot of energy to run those blades , but philips guys decided to make a brake through and added a vacuum system that helps to kill that already poor battery ! Conclusion
 It doesnt ' work as well as it says . I have to empty it every couple of minutes cause hair gets stuck and does n't work . The vacuum does n't suck at all , all the hair gets stuck at the blade . I would not recommend it .
 This is alright.I thought it would be like my previous trimmer but have the vacuum so I do n't make a mess.Turns out the vacuum is a great feature but it does n't cut as well as my beard trimmer.Overall I use this for a quick trim on an existing beard , but I still use my old plain `` vanilla '' Norelco for making straight lines around the beard/ears etc. .
 I had a Norelco trimmer for a number of years and was very happy with it . The T780 works OK and I really like the vacuum concept.What I DO N'T like is , the adjustment ring does not come with any marking to show the relative depth of cut . Thus , I 'm merely guessing from one cut to the next.Also note -LRB- and this is not part of my rating -RRB- , when you use Super Saver Shipping , they sit on the order for a week before they ship , so do n't select it if you 're in a hurry .
 Got this to replace the `` Philips Norelco T765 AccuTrim Beard and Moustache Trimmer '' which died after about 6 or 7 years . not bad , and sent it back . the vacuum gets in the way of Mustache trimming and general clean up.I got another Philips Norelco T765 AccuTrim Beard and Moustache Trimmer . its cheaper and does the job perfectly .
 Much like the other 1star reviews i have to say the following :1 -RRB- it took ages to open the packaging and i tore my hands on the plastic while trying to do so .2 -RRB- the vacuum kept getting clogged and there was still hair all over my sink .3 -RRB- the trim was not easy , nor smooth , nor close enough .4 -RRB- the battery has died on me , no more than 2 months after first using it . no matter how long i charge it for it wont work for more than 5 seconds at time . and since it wont work while plugged in ... Dont waste your money !
 I asked for this for christmas to replace a previous model . I am sad to say that this model is not as good . The adjustable heads have a lot of play in them resulting in an uneven trim if any pressure is used at all . Works good if you pay extra attention to the amount of pressure you use .
 I really did n't get more than a year out of this . It worked nicely while it did , but about 8 months into owning it , the battery would deplete within a day of full recharge . At the end of the year , unusable .
 Had one of these and was fine , but eventually died.Had to be careful as attachments moved so you can easily get un evan hair cuts.My replacement was a Wahl -LRB- midprice point , rechargeable -RRB- and it just died.Hard to find good rechargeable .
 when the package reached my hands i was shocked to see it was refurbished/opened one which still had hair in the machine . . how is it possible for the machine to have hair inside if it is a fresh one . . philips norelco is pushing all its refurbished products through amazon . . -LRB- it was mentioned by one of the reviewer also -RRB- . . i was totally not satisfied and iam throwing it off ... i bought this especially for my 3 year old son and now i have to look for a new one in shop and not in online as i am not ready to take a chance again . . totally dissatisfied ...
 The item arrived damaged from the shipper , it was unuseable . The shipper made good by refunding my purchase price . I would have reted the product higher I suppose if it had been useable . This was not the fault of the shipper , only the shipping company who transported it to my door , in a crushed box . I think it was DHL .
 I needed a new trimmer and selected this one trusting the brand name . I made a mistake . The thing is all plastic which I could live with if it only had some ease of use and features that were little more than poorly executed gimmicks . The parts are very smooth , light and hard to hold onto . They were constantly falling off . The button to turn it on is too close to the button that allows the removal of the head piece so I was constantly popping off the head piece when I turned it on . The piece would invariably bounce off the counter and onto the floor or worse , into the toilet . Also there is no travel case to carry all of those parts so what do you do with them if you want to bring it with you on a trip . Finally threw it all into the trash and am looking for a quality replacement . NOT recommended .
 The razor is too small and underpowered to be used for anything other than light beard trimming , but even worse , the motor gave out a little more than four weeks after receiving it . Just try and return something to Amazon after the magic 30-day threshhold is passed . A waste of money .
 I 've been a loyal Norelco razor user for over 50 years , a Sonicare user for about a year ... and have always been happy with the performance of the products.I thought , in spite of the $ 27 price , that , if it was a Norelco product , it would be OK.The all-in one grooming system proves that you get what you pay for ... the hair trimmer , the ear/nose trimmer work like you might expect ... not well.The hair trimmer and guide fill with hair quickly and prevent the blades from doing their job.The nose/ear trimmer , just does n't cut worth a darn.Save your money for a better brand/model !
 This roaster works very well , and folds up to store in small spaces , but you have to watch out for two problems -LRB- one minor , one major -RRB- . First , for a 5lb fryer , the drippings collected will overflow the basin , especially when you remove it from the oven . You need to place another pie pan under it to avoid sloshing . More importantly , after using mine eight or so times , the teflon is spontaneously flaking off the basin . -LRB- Please note I hand-washed the basin with hot water , soap , and a sponge , and made sure to never touch it with metal . -RRB- If you 're not worried about making gravy with the drippings , this may not bother you . Me , I like making gravy , and it 's a real concern.I 'm going to get another upright roaster , but this time I 'm getting a stand-alone frame I can place in a pie pan , and I 'm avoiding teflon altogether . I think it 's having trouble with long-term exposure to the ultra-hot drippings .
 NO STAND !!!!! I ordered a full flexible spine model from Pro Therapy Supplies for my practice . The description clearly states the model comes with the metal stand . The spine is as advertised but the company did not send the metal stand with the spine . Now I have a spine model lying in my office chair . ThanksFull Spine Model w/Femoral Heads - W/Femoral Heads
 I ordered this item 4 months back and my charger is not working now . I can not find a charger for that in the market and now I can not use it . Do not order this product . I am not able to find the seller details now and I dont know what to do .
 Before ordering this grooming system , I read many reviews on how the battery is no good and how it dies out really quickly , but i chose to ignore the reviews and buy it since it was so inexpensive . I should have just payed a little extra for a better grooming kit because the reviews were right for once . I 've had it for about a month , used it 3 times and it died on me while I was using it the third time . I was trimming my beard when I realized the vibration was getting softer and quieter when it eventually just stopped . Plugged it into the outlet and it would start up again before dying out in 5 seconds . Do yourself a favor and buy something that has some longevity to it . I plan on calling Philips and getting my money back since they do a 45 day refund if you are unsatisfied
 Used this for a while . After about 3 months the plastic length adjuster broke . Now it 's worthless.Also , if it starts to slow down and you plug it in , it 'll take 1/2 hour to charge as it wo n't just use the outlet power.With so many choices , just move on
 It may be that I got one with a bad battery but a charge doesnt last even 5 minutes .
 I 've had this `` system '' for a couple years now , and I 've just had the last straw with it so I threw it against the bathroom wall and smashed it to pieces . What happened ? Well , tolerating this POS just became too much , and it painfully pulled another nose hair for the last time . The actual cutting surfaces are dull and pull your hair more than cut it clean . Everytime I use it I end up drawing blood somewhere . It 's just cheap ... and painful . You ca n't use it if it is plugged in , which is useless if the battery dies , and it takes a full day to charge . Useless . Hair easily gets inside the attachment area.Yes it will trim hair , with all kinds of crappy attachments . They should have given a couple quality attachments , rather than 6 dull surfaces .
 I was very disapointed when I opened my Philips Norelco G370 All In OneGrooming System . It was made out of cheap plastic!I have been charging it for 2 days and the charge lasted for 3 minutesI would not avise anyone to purchase this product . It is nothing but trashI wasted my hard earned money on it . I was exspecting the clippers to be alot bigger
 I was very disappointed in this set . It looked as if it had a great selection of grooming tools , but they were all quite ineffective -- especially the ear piece which just buzzed and about makes you deaf , but does n't shave any ear hair . Good luck getting this set to do anything with ear or other stray hairs . The best part of the unit is the main unit , a small trimmer that works OK for trimming down beards and mustaches . That 's OK , but not worth the price of admission for the entire set . Overall , this brand has gone downhill from a top brand to Chinese junk in the last decade .
 I bought this item for doing haircuts , but unfortunately it is completely useless for this
 Please careful about this Grooming Kit . I bought one week before and when I turn on first time it did not work and plug the power it did not work . This product just missed the simple logic when i connected to power adapter why should it has to use battery power to work instead it should directly work with power adapter regardless of battery charged or not . This lag of simple feature make me wait for 2 hours to charge before i use it at that time my kid started to cry as i try to trim his hair . Also this can not be used for continuous use , if you use for small trimming then you have to wait for the battery to charge .
 I ordered this product on thursday night , and paid extra for one day shipping . It is noon , 4 days later , and i still have n't received my shipment .
 I bought this for my brother after he misplaced his old conair . From opening the box it became clear why it was sold for the price it was and upon using it for the first time it broke . The plastic is very flimsy and of course once broken can not be repaired . I 've since dumped it and ordered another conair . I do n't recommend this at all . . except of course if you 're looking for something cheap .
 I bought this a while back and began finding problems with it right away .1 -RRB- The trimmer can not operate on A/C power alone . This means you ca n't plug it into the wall and use it . Instead , you have to charge the battery , then unplug it to use it .2 -RRB- About 2 weeks after I bought it , the beard trimmer attachment broke . The little tabs that hold it at different lengths snapped off so you can only use it on the shortest setting , and you have to hold the attachment on with your hand so it wo n't slide off . Clearly , I 'm not the only one who this has happened to .3 -RRB- The nose trimmer has very dull blades . I do n't normally use a nose trimmer nor do I really need one , but I have a cheap one that I got in my Christmas stocking that I 've used a few times . Out of curiosity , I tried the attachment that came with this trimmer and was introduced to a new kind of pain . It was pulling at the hairs but not cutting them.I contacted the a representative at Norelco to see if I they would send me a replacement beard attachment or if I could purchase just that attachment . They directed me to their service centers who wanted $ 10 for just that attachment . Including shipping , it would have cost me almost what I payed for the whole set.My advice
 I was happy with this product for the first few weeks - it was cheap and small and light and did an adequate job . However , when I left it unplugged for about a week or so , it completely lost its charge and wo n't recharge . Note that the instructions explicitly say to NOT leave it plugged in all the time , so that 's why it was unplugged . I 'm not having much luck getting a refund fom Norelco , so it seems like I 'm out of luck . Feeling lucky ?
 I was expecting an excellent product from Norelco when I purchased this to replace my worn out Conair trimmer . It turns out that the quality is just fair . It works Ok for trimming facial hair though not perfectly . I strongly suggest NOT using this for trimming body hair because it is very easy to clip your skin . No matter how careful I am I ca n't avoid drawing blood . I will defiantly be replacing this set with something better very soon .
 I bought this set , and the accessory pieces broke within weeks . I returned the broken set , and got a new set in exchange , and the second set did exactly the same.Buy something with better quality , and avoid dealing with the hassles of this inferior set .
 I just use two times , because my hair is dense the head is very hard to pull out from shaver , it broke soon . I wonder if possible to buy some new adjustable head or my shaver is not useful at all .
 This set is a joke , looks like a toy set . No recommended . Buy something better $ 10 or $ 20 bucks more .
 Liked much more the older model . My wife does n't like and she still keeps using the old one ... the new model feels more ` plasticky ' . Why changing something that works !
 The groomer itself works well , holds a charge for quite awhile and is quite compact . Unfortunately , the charger stopped working after two charges . Since I did n't use it that much I got about 2 months out of it . Not a great investment .
 I was using it with no problem for 5 or 6 months and It was shaving good enough for my beard but then the charger stopped working and It 's NOT under warranty , so I need to buy a new one now , waste of money !
 Philips Norelco G370 All-in-1 Grooming System is definitely not a hair trimmer . All hair get stuck inside the trimmer and it stops cutting . Maybe it is good for something else but not for hair trimming .
 I purchased an all in 1 grooming kit & the packaged showed that it had a store & charge stand & it does n't . The back of the package shows the stand along with 6 other things , which equals 7 like it says . Beside the picture , it says `` store & charge stand . Conveniently charges trimmer & neatly stores all accessories `` I chatted with customer service . They stated that it came with a storage bag . That it used to come with a stand . I guess they did n't change the package . I stated the package did n't say that , that it was false advertising . They replied ... `` can I help you with anything else ? '' GRRR . I asked for stand , they replied that they no longer made it . Do not expect help from customer service .
 I followed the manual . It failed to charge after the initial charge . I sent 2 of these units back and got the 3rd unit right now . I have no idea what was causing this issue but I do n't think I can recommend this to anyone . I found similar charging issues reported elsewhere online . Do your research before investing in this low cost grooming system .
 after a few recharges the battery died but it was my fault as i left it recharging too long but ... if you open it up with a small kitchen knife -LRB- take the head peace off and prise open the 2 sides -RRB- then take the old rechargeable battery out - `` peel off '' positive and negative connections gently with small pliers and then reconnect a normal AA battery -LRB- white cable -LRB- + -RRB- black one -LRB- - -RRB- from your remote control for your examplenow it works perfectly and it only takes 5 minsof course every time it dies you will need to use a new battery but if you only use it a once a month like me thats cool as its better than throwing the whole thing away and now i dont need different adapters when i travel to other countries . please dont throw the rechargeable battery in the binrecycle it please
 Just okay for what i paid for . If you can cough up a few more bucks get a better one
 I bought two philip grooming sets and after using one it failed . Was going through amazon return policy on this but find it more of a hassle to return to get a replacement . So I will have to cut my losses . Please stay away from this ... its trash .
 I purchased this product mainly because I was sold on the versatility . Five different attachments , so no need to buy separate products . But if you are in the market for a multi-use trimmer , I 'd look elsewhere.First , I had two separate chargers die on me . The first one died after three weeks . A trip to Radio Shack said that a replacement charger would run $ 30 or more than the cost of a new one . I returned the product and purchase a new G370 thinking maybe I got a black swan . Guess not , because the second charger just died on me after about 6 months.Charger issues aside , I mainly used the full size trimmer attachment with the adjustable levels and the beard & mustache trimmer . The full size trimmer was good at adjusting my facial hair down to a `` one '' or fuller than a five o'clock shadow but just enough to keep it professional . This was about the only thing the unit was good at . I used the beard and mustache trimmer to keep my sideburns neat when I did n't have the two-day growth going . While the G370 did neatly square them off , in my opinion , it did n't trim the hair short enough . I tried to finish off my sideburns then with the razor attachment but also that did n't get things short enough . I did use the nose hair trimmer four or five times and I 'd say that the G370 did okay in that area.I never tried to trim my hair with the G370 , but it feels flimsy enough where I would n't trust it to cut hair evenly or professionally . Also , the unit seems to run best on a full charge -LRB- obviously -RRB- but would quickly die off in terms of effectiveness after one or two uses . If you are thinking of packing it on a business trip greater than five days -LRB- i.e. two/three trimmings -RRB- then I 'd suggest bringing a charger with you -LRB- if it does n't die -RRB- . I 'd suggest looking at a few product levels up from the G370 and paying extra to get a more quality trimming unit .
 The basic cutter design works well , however , the plastic trimmer parts are just impossible . When you try to adjust the trimmer to a higher setting the entire trimmer head snaps off . In the other direction the trimmer reverts to the 1 setting with no apparent action on my part . This AM I cut my beard short for the second time because of this reversion to the 1 setting . I do n't believe I should have to check the setting each time I use the trimmer , and yes , I do know how this thing is meant to operate.Second issue , the charging instructions are written for a Ni-Cad battery and manual says the non-replaceable battery is a LiIon type . So , does the charger match the battery ? I know this is a bottom end trimmer but I believe the manual should make sense and the unit should function as desired . Do n't buy this thing , I now am in the market for a real trimmer .
 Does a very good job at what it does , and the price is very low.I would have given it 5 stars if it had lasted one year.It lasted 3 months
 So crude and painful that I could not use this trimmer . The quality is horrible . It cuts skin easily and pulls stubble . I tried using twice and it is simply impossible .
 At first this electric hair trimmer seemed like a good thing . It 's from Norelco , so I thought it was made by a reputable company . It 's Compact size and included accesories for around $ 24 seemed agreeable to me . But the accessories are made of thin plastic parts . So you have to exercise care when switching them out and when cleaning the whole system . Also , after only using it four times and charging it three times , the rechargeable batteries will not take a charge anymore . Now this almost new trimmer is nothing but a useless paperweight . From now on I 'll stick with a corded trimmer . They 're not as convenient , but at least they 'll be more reliable . Do n't waste your hard earned cash on this piece of junk .
 Worked great before I charged it . Now it only works when there are no attachments . It looks like it actually melted the plastic inside the attachments that it attaches to - after only a few seconds of usage ! Cheap and not worth it .
 I had a Philips Norelco 20XL which served great for 10 years until the guard comb eventually broke . Bought this one and hoped it would as good . No way ! This thing seems to be engineered by people who never used it themselves .1 . The power switch and head release buttons are next to each other , so I kept pushing a wrong button .2 . The comb guard is so flimsy that you are never sure if it is in right position or how long it will stay there . No surprise the tiny spring broke in a couple of uses .3 . The hair length scale is on the wrong side ! 4 . The power cord is so short that you can not only use the trimmer cordless .5 . IMHO , all-in-one thing is wrong if you can not use the product for it primary function.Awful product , terrible engineering . Shame on Philips . I do not care of its low price . I would happily pay twice the price to get a decent one .
 Item arrived quickly , but soon discovered would n't even charge . Thought I was doing something wrong , so resorted to included instructions . Never was able to get the item to work and returned to Amazon . Very low quality . I 'd look elsewhere .
 I had a problem with the beard trimmer guards losing teeth after only a few uses . I think this product is very flimsy .
 my biggest problem is there are two gapping clips and they are about the same size , 3-4 inches . way too thick of a gap for any facial hair . what 's the point ? because it 's obviously not a hair trimmer ...
 This trimmer is very disappointing . According to the description , this trimmer is `` self-sharpening '' and has a full two-year warranty . We have had it for less than 6 months and a few of the blades were dull a few months ago and now it seems that they all are getting ready to go in the garbage . I 'll admit , when we first got it , it seemed like a dream come true . I wonder if it is worth buying a new one EVERY 6 MONTHS . We have had trimmers before this that have lasted years and the only reason we got the Norelco is that they BEGAN to be dull after all that time and use . I 'm very disappointed that this `` SELF-SHARPENING '' TRIMMER IS A LIE . We used it regularly maybe once a week . The attachments , when they worked , were wonderful but now it seems that we just have more trash . Back to looking for something that promises quality and delivers .
 I still own a Norelco 20XL , but because the NiCad battery would no longer take a charge I decided to try the G370 . Well , let me tell you , do n't waste your money on this piece of junk ! -LRB- Sorry Norelco ! -RRB- To begin , using the beard/hair trimmer attachment is a joke . Trying to adjust it will cause the head assembly to come off because the mechanism that locks the adjustment in place is poorly designed . Also , compared to the 20XL , the G370 looks and feels like it 's flimsily made -- actually because it is ! It appears Norelco set out to design something like the 20XL but provides more options while keeping the price down at where the 20XL sold for . The only thing I found going for the G370 is that Norelco is now using a NiMH battery instead of a NiCad battery . Why do I know this ? Because I took the G370 apart and took its battery out and replaced the NiCad battery in my 20XL . Now I have my 20XL working and I threw away the piece of junk G370 . By the way , you can use a NiMH battery in a device that is designed for a NiCad battery . However , always read manufacturer 's warning label just in case . Just be aware that charging time will vary between a NiMH and NiCad .
 While this trimmer is really good and compact for shaving your head hair and beard it 's not very good as a body trimmer . I tried trimming in my body and it gave me big painful bleeding cuts . It does not have an adjustable head so that I can move the balde a bit back . I tried the other smaller attachment and got the same results . I had a wahl before and never had the issues . Will go back to Wahl , which never caused me bleeding while trimming body hair and which also comes with adjustable head . . It 's a great trimmer as long as you do n't use it for your body hair .
 I purchased this product from Target and returned it after one use . Here was the problem : The `` lock-in '' length settings were easy enough to change , but they did not actually lock in . When I tried to trim my beard at a 6 , the very first time I pressed it to my face , the length setting collapsed all the way down to a 1 , effectively shaving off my beard . I had to shave off my entire beard and start from scratch.Massively terrible design flaw there , and I highly recommend you do not purchase this product .
 I 've owned this trimmer for about 3-4 years . I just bought it at a local retail store because I wanted something ASAP under $ 40 . I was replacing an older version of theConair 3-in-1 Personal Trimmer.Pros-Cheap . - Nose hair trimmer works the best of all the attachments ... as long as you adjust to the feeling of it pulling out your nose hairs since the rotating blade is plastic and dull.Cons-You get what you pay for.-The trimmer blades pinch your skin unless you actively focus on keeping them off of your skin or use the adjustable height attachment.-Short battery life due to Ni-Cd battery . It also must be fully drained before charging so it does n't form a `` memory . '' - Attachments fall off even without pushing the release button . You have to hold them on as you shave.-Adjustable height attachment will slip if any pressure is applied whatsoever . -LRB- I first learned this when trying to buzz my own hair ... went from a 6 or 7 all the way to a 1 . Needless to say after taking a huge chunk of hair I had to keep it at 1 to even it out . -RRB- - The rotating mechanism and the receiving end of the attachments are all plastic.My recommendation is to save your money for one of the better trimmers in the $ 30 - $ 50 range since my experience with this trimmer as well theConair 3-in-1 Personal Trimmerhas been disappointing . Though I will say of the entry level trimmers the Conair was far superior when just using the default attachment since its blades had much tighter spacing ; this made it less likely to pinch your skin .
 I have owned many different types and brands of trimmers , shavers , groomers , etc. and this is BY FAR the worst one and it is not even close . Luckily it was a gift , so I did n't waste my own money on this worthless product , but upon using it , I immediately knew how cheap it must have been . The shaving attachment would n't cut butter during the summer in the Sahara . The trimmer grabbed and pulled my hair , and repeatedly cut and stabbed my skin , so much so that it looks like I have minor burns on my face and neck . The UBER CHEAP trimmer attachments that are supposed to allow for precision , known as guide combs , were the worst and most useless part of this waste of raw materials . After using this piece of garbage one time , I immediately pulled my old trimmer out , another brand , 2 years old , and realized just how terrible this one was . DO NOT PURCHASE !!!!!
 This product is horrible . Buyer beware . I had bought this mainly to help trim my husband 's neck hair and ended up nicking him several times . And yes , I used it correctly . It 's just not safe . Hopefully , Norelco sticks to their satisfaction guarantee .
 This is the second set of the G370 I bought . The first set was like the picture shows with holder included . You could keep all the tools on the counter top . What you actually get NOW is just the tools and NO holder . This means all the attachments are either scattered on your counter top or you 've got to put them under the sink . Amazon needs to update their photos .
 the product shipped in time ! i got it even sooner ! and it works like a charm !! lots of options and completely worth the bucks ! would definitely recommend it !! -LRB- UPDATE -RRB- - the product stopped working shortly after use and it doesnt charge anymore
 Not so hot . All my old ones cut better and closer.Threw it in the bottom drawer where it will languish until I give it away .
 Gosh , what a disappointment ! I am a woman and I use this grooming kit for more personal place and the danged thing actually cut me in 4 places that are very sensitive ! AND , the nose trimmer mostly rips the little hairs out rather than cuts them . I still have it as I have n't replaced the kit but I will not use it unless a total emergency arises . I was very disappointed but for goodness sakes , cant they at least make it sharp enough not to pull the hair out and then not so poorly done that it cuts your skin ?
 The unit came with a cloth bag , but no charging stand . It makes it harder to store and charge . Would have bought another if I knew , but it does its job . But still , it is not superior , so without the stand this a pass item . Get another .
 I ca n't get it to hold a charge , and it does n't work even when it 's plugged in . It has probably gone through 3-4 recharge cycles . That is n't that many . Now I have to buy a new one . What a waste of money .
 I 've never thought I had sensitive skin , but this trimmer makes me reconsider that thought.I 've been happy with other Norelco trimmers , but I usually replace them after a year . I decided to try this one , and guess I should have stuck with something a little more expensive . I 'm returning the trimmer ; I 'm assuming Amazon just throws these away when returned -LRB- I hope -RRB- .
 Piece of junk.Had it 2 weeks and pieces have broken off already so that only one attachment works now.If you never take an attachment off you might be ok , but then you could never clean it.I do n't like philips and i do n't like norelco so i should have known better .
 Pulls hair , cheaply made , hard to clean , attachments broke after first use , uneven cut , hair attachment broke loose while cutting hair , horrible product will not buy again .
 Bought this product , after 4 times of using the charger , it completely stopped functioning . Bought one again , same thing happened.Roommate bought one , it broke even faster .
 The trimming system comes with lots of accessories but the razor is a little big so its easy to get cut using it . Will need something smaller for greater detail and less catching . . OUCH !
 I purchased this product because the price was right . As the saying goes , you get what you pay for . I have had this for just over 4 months and have treated it no rougher then any other personal grooming device I own . One day , I dropped it in the sink and it is now completely useless to me because the beard trimmer BROKE ! I can use the other attachments , but it is now unable to perform it 's main task . For $ 20 bucks , I did n't expect much , but I certainly expected more . I would advise against this product . The build quality of the main unit is solid , but the attachments are flimsy and break WAY too easily . I own other Norelco products , and I have to say they cut corners wherever they can . I hope in the future they put out a line of products that uses quality materials rather then the cheapest they can get away with . I think next time around I will be going with another brand with all my personal grooming devices .
 i have hard beard , for trimming hard/thick beard is not good , suggest me something better than this and cheap product .
 I 've had a mustache for about 20 years and a beard , off and on for 10 . This thing is `` okay '' at best . The charge dies way too quickly . The beard trimmer comes apart too easily , and is frankly , rather hard to keep together when taking apart , if that makes any sense . -LRB- Think , when you need to clean it after every shave/trim . -RRB- Enough ca n't be said about how long the charge lasts . The battery is AWFUL . The charge cord is n't compatible with anything else Philips makes , from what I can tell . The sink-side rest case is worthless . Honestly , there is n't much to recommend this thing , except that it 's hard to find anything better . A long time ago , I had a norelco trimmer to go along with my norelco cordless razor -LRB- which I still love ! -RRB- and it worked great , but I lost the charger . I figured , hey , same company right ? -LRB- not . -RRB- If you can find old-school Norelco trimmers , get one . But do n't be fooled by this knock-off . Edited 11/6/11 - Wow . I got this thing from Amazon
 I like all the parts that come with the grooming system , however , the picture is deceiving due to no stand to put all the parts in . Now they are just laying around . The previous one I had purchased had the base .
 Dear Amazon , If you have a picture of an item , it should accurately represent what will come in the box . This picture includes a very convenient charging stand that holds all the attachments . What comes in the box is a razor , a charger , a bunch of attachments , and a bag . This is the opposite of convenient , and the opposite of the picture . Fix your picture , and expect this item to be returned in the very near future . Thank you in advance for the full refund .
 Cheap . Wo n't hold a charge for long and ca n't run off the cord alone . Attachments always popping off when you do n't want them to .
 My husband really liked this grooming set until the hair trimmer guard broke.He looked around for other groomers and decided that he really liked this one and wanted another.So I bought another groomer for Christmas . He uses this about once every month to month and a half.Today he went to trim and the exact same piece broke off of the hair trimmer guard.Im trying to get a replacement from Norelco since this is under a 2 year warranty and it is clearly a defect in the design.Still , not happy that it broke because he cant trim his hair until I go get something for him to use !
 Quite frankly , this is a piece of junk . I 'm surprised that Norelco would put its name on it . I received it as a Christmas gift and within a week , the adjustment lock on both the beard and hair trimmer had broken so that I could no longer use either on anything but the shortest length . The trimmer itself is adequate , but not up to Wahl or other basic cutters . The parts are mostly plastic and cheaply made . I would not suggest this cutter to anyone . Either spend more money and get something substantial and durable , or spend the same amount on a trimmer without the frills that is better made .
 I just bought this trimmer this afternoon and while I was trying to attach the beard trimmer , the flat retaining clip and adjustment tab fell out of the attachment . Obviously these attachments are of very poor quality and design but this seems normal nowadays . What a shame that in the year 2007 , manufactures can not do any better than this . I would be ashamed if I designed this peice of garbage.I am taking this already broke piece of junk back for a refund and will no longer buy their products .
 I 've never written a review for anything , and actually I did not buy this product on amazon . Yet I felt compelled to voice my disappointment with this product . I bought this set thinking I was upgrading from my former , standard model in which I do n't quite remember the manufacturer . Now I wish I did.The mustache trimmer -LRB- the function I bought it for -RRB- boasts about it 's `` 8 settings '' but only 4 were actually able to be utilized for a normal-length ` stache . Moving in between the settings required much effort and frustration.Without the attachment , the razor actually pinches the skin ! -LRB- i 've used other razors in which this was not the case -RRB- . Would NOT recommend using this in `` vulnerable '' areas.Overall , this seems pretty advanced if all you 're looking to do is maintain short to moderate length facial hair . Keep it simple .
 If this trimmer 's parts did n't break so easily it 'd be a great tool . However this is my second one that had the gimmicky adjustable trimmer accessory jam and break.Then it becomes unusable . Made with thin plastic , it explains why it 's so cheap.A real piece of junk . Do n't waste your money . Norelco should be ashamed of ever putting this on the market under their previous good name .
 The battery would not hold a charge in the initial unit . Norelco replaced the unit imediately with a different model , G480 and it is very satisfactory .
 I received the item as a gift , and I did n't already have a trimmer , so I decided to open the package and use it despite the myriad negative reviews . I have an average beard - not too thick , not too thin , but full face coverage . I keep it trimmed under 1 inch almost all the time , and usually much shorter.Packaging : The package is a blister pack which encloses the trimmer , attachments , carrying case , the base stand/holder , and a charging adapter . The charging adapter can be attached to the base stand , although it 's a pretty cheesy design . The packaging is attractive and protective in PET recyclable plastic , and all the necessary operating parts are included.Design : The base stand/holder is thin plastic , cheaply made , and barely functional . The attachments are likewise cheap , poorly made plastic with barely functional adjusting mechanism . The trimmer unit has a fixed internal battery which is charged by plugging in a 1.6 volt , 80 mA power supply with positive tip - a small yellow one that is the same size often used to charge mobile phones and bluetooth devices . Previous reviewers are correct in saying that the trimmer can not be powered directly from a wall outlet . The user can leave it plugged in during operation , but it will not draw wall power in any way -LRB- the LED indicator shuts off -RRB- when the trimmer switch is on . The trimmer unit seems thus far to be solidly built.Function : I gave the item 2 stars because it works for trimming facial hair , but not very well . It cuts slowly and awkwardly even through hair on accessible areas of the face and neck . Attachments are adjustable for various hair lengths , but the user soon discovers that the attachment and adjustment mechanisms are inexact and flimsy.The trimming process is not a pleasant experience , and the poor design and cheap construction are the reasons why . In my first attempt , the trimming attachment went careening into the nearby toilet . If I keep the item , I anticipate having the experience of holding the attachments on the trimmer , as previous reviews have commented . The manufacturer provides a 45-day money back guarantee if the product is postmarked within the time period and mailed along with the store receipt . Call 800.243.3050 for authorization . Defective products will be repaired or replaced without charge for a period of two years from date of purchase.In summary : Flimsy . Barely functional . Not worth $ 20 , but possibly worth $ 5 - $ 10 . Do not expect this to be a lifelong friend , but it should work for a short period of time or in a pinch . Other brands I have used , including Wahl and even Conair , have worked much better . This should not be considered an indictment of all Philips Norelco products , as I have been satisfied with others . In this case , however , consider paying more for a better product .
 I bought this as a travel razor because it was small and inexpensive with reasonable reviews . It 's absolute junk . When I was young I noticed that by Grandpa had little patches of long hairs that he missed while shaving . I figured it was his failing eyesight but now it 's all clear to me , he had a razor like this one .
 Hi , This costs cheap and also does n't work good . . it plucks while trimming even after charging it for 12 hrs ... The charge too does not stand by for a longer time . Hardly 5-10 mins for every 12 hour charge is maximum . I dont like the product . . To my opinion the more u pay , the better u get . .
 I 've owned a number of beard trimmers , and I fell for the low price of this one . That was a mistake . Like I always say , `` Buy Right , Buy Once , Buy Wrong , Buy Twice . `` This thing is poorly made , the attachments feel sort of loose when clicked in place , and some of them come off while you 're using the trimmer.It will nick you if you are n't careful , and the recharge stand is BIG , which takes up a lot of space . The attachments fit loosely in the stand , which means that every time you brush them with a towel or your hand , or a power cord , they fall out of the stand , which is irritating.The plastic is cheap as hell . The trimmer does a good job of trimming , in general , but you 'll definitely have the feeling that you 're using a piece of junk.The charging base gets full of hair clippings , which is n't great , and the plastic on the base is about as cheap as can be.Can ' t anyone make quality products anymore ? What I really wanted was a BRAUN beard trimmer , but they apparently do n't make the damn thing anymore ! BRAUN makes GOOD stuff ...
 I have fine hair and my attempts to get a close shave with this razor were futile . It was better at cutting my skin than my hair!Do not purchase if you have fine hair !
 Attempted to cut my nuts several time and it cuts me every time even when I am being careful . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 My husband has gone through two of these . It does n't hold a charge , and breaks quickly . A piece of junk .
 I bought this grooming system about 3 years ago and it has done okay , but after a couple of years , the plastic snap feature to change heads wore down and I have to hold whichever head I am using in place with my fingers . I really like the adjustable trim attachment , but can see where it could easily break if it were not handled carefully . The foil shaver attachment is good for small patches , and I use it around my goatee with pretty good success . However , it wo n't handle more than one day 's growth . The unit holds a charge fairly well , and using it almost every day , I find that I need to charge it about once every 3 weeks.Now for the worst feature - the nose hair trimmer . I live in fear of this little monster . This could be used as a torture device at gitmo . I 've never had a nose hair trimmer that pulled so much . There is way too much open blade compared to other designs , and it is very easy to nick skin with this thing . I gave up trying to use it after a couple tries.The Norelco G380 looks like it may be a better quality product , but I ca n't find it on Amazon . From the looks of that product , the nose hair trimmer is about the same -LRB- eek ! -RRB-
 It was a little daunting receiving all the attachments to this grooming system . The instructions leave a lot to be desired , and I had to get a magnifying glass -LRB- I wear tri-focals -RRB- to read some of the instructions and look at the illustrations to assimilate what they meant . Did not feel that they were clear . The first time I used the trimmer , which can be length controlled by a dial , it got stuck on the apparatus it attaches to which is removable so I must use the trimmer in the position that it is dialed . Thank goodness I had dialed it to the length I always use . I am not really excited about the cut it gave or the way the hair looks while growing out . I probably will explore buying another trimmer , and one that does not have all the attachments .
 Beware this item is useless in my opinion . Too small for hair clipping . Shaver doesnt cut . Do not buy . Too many parts for nothing .
 I am disappointed in this product because the pictured stand is NOT included . Unless traveling , the pouch that is included is not convenient . I have n't actually tried it yet due to the requisite 10 hours of pre-use charging time .
 This is the second Norelco Multigroom Grooming kit I have tried and the second to fail . The first one the attachments broke and the cost of replacements made buying a new one a better option . But the G370 I got in Aug 2011 has now failed due to not being rechargeable any longer . Since it has a 2 yr warranty I may see about using the warranty . But if there is a service or shipping charge then I 'll pass . I wo n't buy a Norelco replacement .
 Bought this at WalMart about 3 months ago . Recharged it twice . Performed well enough for the price -LRB- I forget exactly how much but it was less than the others on display -RRB- . Without knowing anything about the competitors ' similar products , I bought this based on the price and the BRAND NAME . But the third time must have been the charm because it will no longer recharge . As a result , I no longer associate quality with the name Norelco nor will I buy anything with the Norelco name . Why do companies like Norelco insist on shooting themselves in the foot by including poor products like this in their lineup ?
 It worked awesome for the first time , but after the third use it 's not functioning at all . The reviews about its malfunctions are totally true , and now I so regret I bought this product
 It lacks more power . when I took the head off I noticed that the spinning thing inside was covered in grease -LRB- it 's supposed to lubricate the mechanism -RRB- and it get all covered by hair , so it 's quite challenging to clean it
 Norelco does n't put out the quality that it used to . After using this today for only the 4th time , the motor died out while in the middle of trimming my husband 's hair . Ca n't recommend this product at all . I expected to get at least a year out of it while that is the absolute minimum and it is only 6 months old .
 Only problems with this are ... almost everything . - There are actually a confusing number of options and sometimes figuring out which parts go together takes way longer than it should . - There are two head sizes and a guide that fits over each one that controls the length you are cutting too . Unfortunately , in almost all cases , there do n't seem to be detents for the settings ; the guides just slide . So if you put a little pressure on , you all of a sudden are cutting your beard a lot shorter than you intended . - Got one nasty cut from a bare blade -LRB- well , not bare but without any extra guard ; the normal way you 'd use it to shave your head -RRB- . - All of the attachments feel cheap and I do n't expect them to last.Really sorry I spent money on this .
 I bought this to replace a Wahl I had for 15 years but there was no comparison . The trim guides on the Norelco must be their own system because the `` 1 '' setting is about 3/4 of an inch but should be about 2mm so accurate trimming with this product is impossible - a total waste of money !
 Bought it from target after seeing the `` mostly '' positive reviews here on amazon . I used it once , in this one use I broke two attachments to the point where I could not reassemble them . The trimmer its self is quite flimsy and very weak because it run off its battery . I returned it after this one use , and would not recommend it to anyone .
 I barely used this contraption which has TONS of accessories and LOUSY diagrams and instructions on how to use them . Then several of them broke . DO NOT WASTE A DIME !!!!!
 i do n't understand the favorable reviews on this product . The beard and mustache attachment leaves hair much too long even at the shortest setting . If you want the stubble look , forget it . Return shipping charges are almost as much as the product . Buy the Remington MB 200 .
 I got this awhile ago to replace another sub-par product I had . I do n't have a full beard or mustache ; I just try and keep a very neat , short goatee , and some stubble , and also prefer the option to `` clean it up '' once in awhile . This product does not allow for this at all . The default blades do not cut close enough to the skin , whereas the shaver pulls hairs instead of shaving them . There 's no way to get a clean line across with any of the attachments , something that my older entry level Remington could do -LRB- I only replaced it because the attachment broke , but that 's a different story -RRB- . Bottom line is I would n't recommend this product . I 'd spend a little more on one that had a sharp trimmer that produced sharp , clean edges .
 Pretty cheap . Does n't trim my beard very consistently and now the battery is no longer holding a charge . I would n't recommend it .
 this is a pill you do not want a chalky garlic taste it was not great dont buy wasted monies horrible pick whoever invented this one no way
 Seriously , these are the worst pills I have ever taken . To understand what they taste like , find a spice container of garlic powder . Fill up a teaspoon of it . Eat it . Repeat.Make sure you purchase garlic capsules , not tablets . Natrol 's capsules are fine ; these things are the worst garlic supplements ever .
 I 've been taking this garlic supplement as part of Tim Ferris 's recommended PAGG stack as well ... 1 pill four times a day . I have n't noticed any smell -LRB- and my wife has n't said anything either -RRB- but good lord -- the taste is SO strong and bad ! I love garlic in my food , but this is super concentrated , and I have to force it down every time . I wish it had a coating of something tastier , like Advil has that sweet brownish coating .
 Kwai garlic was discontinued and this product does n't compare . So far after spending so much money on products and from overseas , I still have not found the relief I got from the real kwai garlic . The only Kwai on the market now is a once a day garlic which I spent a lot of money buying it from overseas . I wo n't buy it again . I can not figure out why there is nothing on the market that equals the original . I thought the allicin was the secret but with GarliPure is does n't seem to be .
 I got this to try and add some exercise to my mostly sedentary profession . After a couple of weeks , the resistance failed . It just uses a screw and friction to add resistance -LRB- I dont ' really know what I was expecting -RRB- . Once it wears down , there 's a limit to how tight the screw will hold it . Not really worth it .
 I purchased this Duo-Med pedal exerciser several weeks ago . The rubber stabilizers are still sitting outside my house . They smell so bad I 'm afraid I 'll have an asthma attack if I bring them in . Of course the product is unusable without them . I ca n't believe the Company puts out a product with such a noxious smell . I should have sent it back but threw away all the boxes before I discovered the overpowering smell . I would not suggest that anyone buy this product .
 Very bulky and awkward to use , and not easy to find a place to store it . It moves when it 's used , making it impossible to get any sort of rhythm established . Not worth the price .
 This exerciser is fine for the arms but I bought it for my mom to use after her stroke & her feet will not stay on the pedals . It really needs a back strap to hold her feet on . For a healthy person , it works fine .
 Bought this in an attempt to use for physical therapy after a knee surgery . Was traveling cross country so thought this would help keep me on track with my therapy . Unfortunately this is a useless piece of `` equipment '' the range of motion is negligable and even if you ratchet it down on it 's greatest resistance setting it still offers no significant benefit . Sorry . Do n't waste your money .
 This item did not pedal smoothly . It slid all over the place . Save your money and buy a recumbent bike .
 While the pedal exerciser mechanically works fine , the plastic or something on it smells so bad it is not pleasant to keep inside . I have had it for several weeks now and it has not gotten better . I called their customer hotline and was told they know about it but do n't have any solutions . I asked if they had a website I could check periodically to see if they had come up with something and was told to call back in 2-3 months . Right .
 I boought this equipment thinking I could get a decent bike workout in on a rainy/cold day . Wrong !!! Feel is all wrong , unstable and wo n't stay stationary unless you push it up against something . When pedaling , it does not turn smoothly and the smell of the rubber is awful . I gave mine to Goodwill in the hopes some poor soul who ca n't do any better could use it . Do n't buy unless you 're desperate .
 Man I could n't wait to get this little number . I 've worn a K bar neck knife for a long time without any problems but wanted the Buck as it is made in the USA.I was happy when it arrived and immediatly switched it out with the K bar . I wore it one time and when I got home discovered that the sheath was not designed to keep the knife secure and the knife was gone . Wasted money.If you decide to purchase the product take my advice and wear it in your boot or you wo n't have it long . I wo n't buy another as I feel it did n't live up to the hype . Guess who 's wearing a K bar made in China right now.Buck StonebrokeNew Caney , Texas
 the major problem with this knife is the length of the handle . the handle is about big enough for 2 1/2 fingers , so you end up using the lanyard as a handle . the fact it is a `` Neck Knife '' makes it a pain to carry . You ca n't just toss it in your pocket and go . one plus is the fact it is light and probably durable . I also own the Gerber EVO JR which is what I would recommend instead .
 The length of two razors , the maneuverablity of one razor , the price of a 7 '' kabar ? The only effective way to use this knife is to pinch between thumb and first two fingers . I would recomend punching a hole in a box-cutter and looping some paracord through before i would recomend this because at least your razor will have a handle . On the upside - would be a good gift for a VERY responsable child .
 I ordered one of these to try out a knife made of the normally expensive S30V steel . The knife and the sheath are fine cometically , but it is DULL . I have bought a lot of knives and until now every new knife I 've bought was sharp . What makes it even worse is that I sent back the first one , that 's right , this is copy # 2 , because it was DULL . I stated that I wanted a replacement because of that . Who else looks dull ? Amazon . Why send me a dull knife to replace a dull knife ? Sending back the first one was a waste of my time , so I am going to keep this one and sharpen it myself . Beware the polite , but witless Amazon customer service .
 I have n't really noticed any changes . When I ordered it said nothing about a recommended dose . I got it and read that it should be taken twice a day , 1-3 pills each time . I 've only been taking one . That might have something to do with my lack of results . I 'm always trying to save money .
 First let me say , I did not actually take this product . I did however buy this product . It promises to help you lose 20 pounds in 6 weeks by following their diet and exercise program while taking their product . I read the literature before I opened the bottle . Their exercise program is light and doable . Their two week diet is a South Beach Diet , verbatim ! Considering I lost 12 lbs the first two weeks on South Beach and around 18 total for the first 6 weeks , I do n't see where this product will do anything for you . I would have given it 1 star , but since I did n't actually take the product , I could n't in good conscience .
 I ordered this years ago . I never noticed any difference in my energy level . But different things work for different people .
 I bought these gloves without any illusions that I am getting quality product - just needed disposable gloves for one time use . Got 3 packs `` Men 's Size '' - barely good for my wife and onepack `` Women 's size '' good for my 10 year old . What am I going to have ?? Good side - worth this one star is learning experience - I never suspected that pigmy tribes in Africa are manufacturing gloves .
 This has a very misleading product description . I realize it is cheap -LRB- not merely low-cost -RRB- but really ! What it is it with glove manufacturers that they have no men of average size available to try on gloves when classifying the sizes of their products?These gloves are made of the cheapest gauze material available . Handling them is like holding budget gauze bandages from the dollar store . As for the sizing , apparently at Lisle , ` Men 's size ' means it barely would fit on slender teenage girl -LRB- and that 's with a lot of stretching -RRB- . I assume they thought that adults would just be able to force their hands in and make them fit without ripping them too much.Avoid this product , it is cheap and sizing is only fit for kids .
 This product is of very poor quality and not worth the money when you add shipping costs .
 Years ago when I tried these , they were AWESOME . As another reviewer said , they tasted exactly like Butterfinger bars.WELL , NOT ANY MORE . : -LRB- I do n't know what happened , but they have some off-taste to them that makes them almost inedible . The texture is still the same , and you can tell the taste is trying to be the same , but it 's nowhere close . Unfortunately I can not place the taste to give an idea.I am very sorry I purchased 8 boxes of these ...
 this sock is for the small calf person or child not really meant for average adult . Probably works well enough but was to small .
 This is just another example of a product recommended by know-it-all physicians . Never mind we 're not all cut from the same cloth . For anyone with size 5 feet combined with tiny arteries which cause terrible circulation , these socks are just no good . I have terribly painful feet/arches , ankles , legs . These socks were somewhat constricting , and not only that , my feet felt like two blocks of coldness . I could n't get them to warm up the way I sometimes can with other footwear . In fact , my black & white houndstooth nylon/spandex tights -LRB- bought at a closeout store for $ 2 -RRB- are much more comfortable , so I plan on wearing those for the 10 hour plane flight . Now if only these planned-obsolescense houndstooth tights would have been planned-durability - that would have been nirvana .
 These socks feel good , but they wear out very quickly . After only 5 or 6 wearings , mine were completely worn out in the heels -LRB- threadbare so that my heel poked through -RRB- . I think such a pricey item should wear better .
 I could not get these socks over my calfs . These are for people with pretty thin legs to begin with . I also purchased the Silver Core-spun by Therafirm and the Arrriva TraveTec socks and both of these are much more comfortable . They fit over my legs and have stayed up nicely .
