 I was looking for a means to heat my eyes for 10 minutes at bedtime . This product retains its warmth for at least 15 minutes after microwaving , is easy to use , and very effective .
 This mask is extremely comfortable and is a great help with sinus pressure and pain . I use the cold therapy and find that the mask stays cold for a long time during use . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great eye mask but only stays cold for about 20 minutes . Do as the other reviewers said and purchase 2 !
 I bought this as a gift for my mum , who works on a computer day and night and is getting on in age . She has arthritis in her elbow as well . She can just heat this up in our microwave for 30 seconds and it 's nice heat for those two areas . She really likes it and says that it soothes her eyes and her elbow . I really like this product as it 's flexible and versatile . It holds heat pretty well and has n't broken or torn yet . She 's had this product for 3 months now.I would recommend this product to anyone who needs a bit of warmth in a non-traditional area or on the eyes . The mask is flexible with a soft Velcro strap , which allows for securing the mask around different body parts.Good luck !
 I purchased this mask for the cold effect , not for the heat , and I have only tried the cold mask . Personally , I think it 's great . I can keep it in the freezer forever -LRB- in the provided plastic bag -RRB- and not worry about it until I need it . I use the mask to soothe my eyes when they feel fatigued or when my eyelids feel swollen . It feels wonderful , and I sometimes find myself dozing off after a few minutes . Other reviewers have commented that it does n't retain the maximum cold temperature for more than 15 minutes , and that is true , but you really should n't apply a freezing cold pack to any part of your body for more than 15 minutes at a time . I 'm very happy with this product .
 I 've used Elasto-Gel brand warm packs for nine years . I love Elasto-Gel . Elasto-Gel brand is the Cadillac of heat packs . They come in lots of sizes . They are n't cheap but last forever .
 Purchased this to help with Migraine headache relief . Very nice , well made mask with soft fabric that is very comfortable against your skin . As other users have noted , the mask stays cold for approximately 20 minutes so I bought two I keep in the freezer .
 I used this item almost every day and it works just fine , the only thing that I would recommend is that they make it to stay cold longer that what it does .
 wow , this eye mask is really wonderful ya , , This makes the eye to be so relaxed and relieves from pain and stress . . nope its rate is not balanced with its use ... Because it works more than its worth ... from my point of view it is highly recommended guys ... thank youSinus Eye Mask by Elasto Gel
 This mask fits nicely on your face , does n't put a lot of pressure on the eyes and WHEN COLD it feels great . The biggest drawback is the cold sensation does n't last for long . Mine lasted for 10-15 minutes and that was it after being in the freezer overnight . I just ordered another one as I like to have a 30 minute session . I just wish they could find a way to make the chill in the gel last longer -- the mask is just the right size -LRB- even for a guy -RRB- .
 This sinus mask is easy to use and I found it quite effective in easing the discomfort in my sinuses . Norma in California
 I have been suffering from migraines for the past 25 years and this is the first ice pack that I 've gotten that really works . It feels great ! I 've had other ice packs but none that would stay on my eyes . This has a nice feel to it and it stays in place while I 'm sleeping or resting my eyes . I would definitely recommend it .
 This mask is a godsend for me for when I wake up in the morning as my eyes are often dry and in pretty bad shape .
 So soothing . It feels wonderful on my itch tired eyes and soothes my sinuses . I use it three or four times a day and it diminishes puffiness and redness .
 This is a great mask whether you want a cold or warm compress for you eyes or forehead . You can also put it on the back of your neck . It has a nice cloth cover , which is a lot more comfy than those plastic-covered gel masks . It also has an adjustable elastic band to hold it in place . I use it to soothe my eyes during allergy season .
 I bought this after researching eye masks for a while . I get a lot of eyestrain for using the computer mostly , but they turn into migraines or just regular headaches . So I wanted something that did n't just block out any light , but also cooled and was comfortable . I 'd say this is the most comfortable mask I 've ever tried -LRB- Probably tried somewhere around 5 masks -RRB- . Because its made of gel and not like sand , its extremely comfy on your face . It is also a bit oversized so that it covers more of your face -LRB- almost temples -RRB- far more than any of the other ones I 've tried.One thing of note though as previous reviewers also note , is that it only stays cold for about 20-30 minutes . Thats not even long enough for excedrin to kick in before taking it off . Since it has gel in the center , I think it turns into an insulator of the heat that your head has , and becomes warm after the cold wears off . It leaves you feeling kind of oozy if you forget to take it off quick enough . So does that mean that you should stand clear from this ? NO NO NO . I love it , but you should just buy 2 to begin with . When one is getting near to losing its coldness , swap it for the one in the freezer . I put a blue ice bag on top and below the bag in the freezer so it gets colder faster.I 've had it for about a month now , and I 've used it probably 30 times , sometimes I just put it on if I 'm feeling a little warm , or feeling like it could be a stressful day . I just put it over my forehead if I 'm working . I have this software called Pzizz -LRB- google it -RRB- it helps take quick naps and sleep better . The two products combined are great together.Ok , for people looking for head relief , pick two of these up -LRB- ca n't stress it enough -RRB- . One of the other tricks I just figured out , Take one of the blue ice bags out of the freezer at the same time . When the gel mask has hit the end of its cooling , the blue ice will be a little melted from being out of the freezer . Put the blue ice in a sock . I used to use face cloths but they ca n't ` hold ' something , and they are too thick . So the sock holds the ice pack and is thin enough that you really feel the cooling of it . Put the gel mask in the freezer and wait until the ice pack melts completely , then go get the gel mask again and it should be cold enough -LRB- obviously at this point put the ice pack back in too -RRB- I hope my large review is helpful in making your decision to buy this wonderful product .
 Purchased for hubby who has severe allergies that affect his eyes . He keeps them in the freezer & switches when they lose the coldness . He says they are wonderful for soothing his eyes when itching or when they become extremely painful . Probably could use another one just in case !
 I 've found that in the absence or even instead of pain meds , one thing counteracts a migraine
 I suffer from optic neuritis -LRB- due to MS -RRB- , migraines and sinus issues . I have lots of reason to love a product like this . I was using theCervical Collar by Elasto-Gelover my eyes and forehead for headaches and such and was so pleased to find this version of the Elasto-Gel . The products are great ... meaning they are very comfortable and well constructed.I use them for their cooling not for heat . The unit can be heated in a microwave or conventional oven or placed in the freezer . Super versatile and when used for cooling , it is not cold enough to cause ice burn / frostbite and merely is extra cool . Super soothing . The cooling factor lasts for about 20 minutes . I can switch off between both of mine but may consider buying another mask in the future.Great for hot flashes too : -RRB- 5 Stars !
 This is great when you have a headache or back/neck pain . It warms nicely in microwave and is much better than those products that are filled with rice or seeds . It does n't have an `` odd '' odor like those filled with seeds . Nice weight to product , conforms to the body very nicely . I have given this item to my sister and to my dad and they both love it as well . Highly recommend this item if you are looking for something that is well made and that can be used for hot as well as cold compresses .
 This mask is just what my husband and I were looking for . It has an adjustable strap which makes it very comfortable to wear and stays in place . You can fall asleep while you are using it but do n't keep it on too long because your eyes will feel strange . Do n't worry , though the strange feeling will go away in an hour or so . When you warm it up the heat will stay for approximately 15-20 minutes which is about how long you should keep it on at a time . I would definitely buy another one of these . Also , the shipping was even quicker than expected which was very nice . This is a must buy if you have sinus issues or a cold . It will make you feel better .
 I reviewed several gel masks before purchasing this one . Most of the other gel masks had only the plastic covering . You need a thin towel/washcloth , and for what good is a thin towel/washcloth ??? I also love the size of this gel mask . Most of the gel masks for the eye area were quite small , covering only the eye area . This is great not only for headaches , but it helps reduce swelling in the eye area.I 'm very glad that I purchased this .
 I have three of these - one for home , one at the office , and one in my travel kit . Five years ago I had Lasik , which left me with chronic and serious eye pain . This is a very helpful product for anyone who has suffered from Lasik-induced dry eye disease or other Lasik injury .
 My husband had eye surgery and we bought two of these so we could rotate them . It was flexible and soft and gave the perfect amount of coldness . It stays cold about 15-20 minutes . It also had a nice strap to help keep in place .
 I use many elasto gel products at my work and find them to do quite a good job . This eye mask does not dissapoint . It gets cold and stays cold for about half an hour . The mask is very soft on the face and provides much needed relaxation for the eyes after a day of driving , reading and looking at screens . Solid product , swift shipping . Only 4 stars because I hoped it would stay cold a bit longer . But overall great eye mask .
 This is the second Elasto-gel mask I 've owned . The first lasted about three years , and normal wear and tear -LRB- and a teething puppy -RRB- took it 's toll.The gel got floppy , and the band stretched out of shape . When I got the new one , though , I did n't imagine how much better the replacement would feel . The elastic/velcro band enables a snug fit , the gel is pliable enough and the fabric soft enough to conform nicely to your face . I use this for afternoon naps and to sleep in a bit on weekends ... Blocks out every bit of light , and always helps facilitate a nice sound sleep . Just the coolness it has sitting on your nightstand is enough to sooth tired eyes . Next time , I wo n't wait quite as long to replace it . But considering it 's used almost every day , a two year lifespan is fine with me.Also , the mask is made in USA and extremely well packaged .
 The cold and hot functions work great , although you do need to remember that it wo n't be staying at that temperature for very long . My biggest complaint is that it does n't really fit my nose . If i leave it on for too long , it gets uncomfortable across the bridge of my nose and I have to take it off .
 I 'll start with the only caveats first , I do n't find anyway to clean this and it can not get wet or it 's ruined.Other than that this is a great product . It has a band that velcros at the back and it actually stays put and does n't slide down your hair . The gel has enough weight that the mask settles on your face and is n't `` missing '' any spots . It 's a persistent relieving warm and I felt better before it cooled down . I have n't tried chilling it yet , but would assume that it stays cold just as long.I have tried several other masks over the years and like this the best . There is no steam on my face -LRB- Therabeads left steam and made my eyes quite hot -RRB- . No strange odor -- I had one that was full of uncooked rice , which actually felt good but smelled like old rice after a while . This product also comes with clear instructions and a plastic storage/chilling bag so it wo n't get wet in the fridge/freezer .
 Just received the elasto gel mask today . I ordered it to relieve my dry eye problem as I read hot compresses -LRB- 103 degrees for 5 minutes -RRB- is recommended . I put it in the microwave for 20 seconds per side and it got nice and hot . I placed it on my eyes and it stayed hot for the 5 minutes . It suited my purpose really well . It is a littler smaller than it looks in the picture but that worked great for me . I just need coverage for my eyes . I definately recommend it .
 I bought this mask for 2 reasons
 Got it today , used it for the first time as heating pad for eyes . Works great , is nice and soft . So far so good . Recommend .
 I purchased 3 of the Elasto Gel Hot / Sinus mask . Have only used on cold so far . They are very nice . Wish they could stay cool a little longer . But they are thin so I guess that is the reason . But would I recomend themYes I would . It stayed cool long enough to fall asleep and no puffy eyes in the morning .
 I used to sleep with therapearl masks to help with my sinuses , but they kept popping after I fell asleep with them on and rolled around at night . This is a nice mask that I usually put on before bed and sleep in all night , it is lightweight and easy to clean ... best of all ... you ca n't pop it ! I am a big fan , though it does n't stay cold that long , but what eye mask does ? I also wear it around my forehead when I have a migraine and the lower part that goes over your sinuses covers my temples on both sides , which is where I get my headaches . . highly recommended !
 I randomly will get a killer headache and would use ice packs , cold wash cloths , etc. for relief . I needed something that would n't fall off if I turned my head so I purchased two of these . They have come in very handy , and I like that you can take the cover off to hand wash if needed , and also that it stays on your head . My only issue was that the mask did n't stay very cold . I thought that might happen , so I purchased two and am glad I did . Definitely worth the money , just make sure you buy two so you have a backup !
 I found this to be very comfortable and soothing when I woke up in the middle of the night with a migraine . I liked the fit and the feel of it . I was able to get back to sleep ... !
 Very nice product . Soft , flexible , and comfortable even when put in freezer . Last long enough for me , but the other reviews related to length of cold are spot on.Tossed out all my other eye gel masks .
 If you have any problem of eye straining and not having deep sleep then you must get this product.Quick delivery too .
 I have two Elasto Gel sinus masks !! I used the first one so much that I needed to get a back up ... that way I always have a perfectly cold mask . I have never used them for heat , but they can be used for that purpose as well.GIRLS
 I purchased these to help clear up a stye I had on my eyelid . I tried other warming masks , but most would cool down very quickly , and were very inconvenient . The Elasto Gel mask stays warm for much longer , and is very pleasant . I have since used it when I had some sinus problems , and they really helped make my sinus headache go away . I highly recommend it .
 I have been wearing compression stockings following blood clots in my leg a year and a half ago . I could hardly bear the thought of those pantyhose for another summer . Lo and behold I found these - garter tops - no sticky silicone dots - and OPEN TOES . My toes can breathe in my sandals . Of course , you can tell they are compression stockings , but they are comfortable , so I do not care !!
 Trigosamine Joint Care is better than Glosomaine by itself . My husband and I have been taking this for quite a few months and have found we have less pain
 I bought two of these for my son ... hoping to wean him out of pull-ups at night , without having to strip the whole bed when there is an accident . This pad is definitely leakproof . The only con is that even though it says it has an anti-slip backing ... that is not the case . I have tried it with jersey sheets , and flannel sheets ... but it does move alot and get bunched up . So , I do end up having to strip the bed every now and then because the pad moved during the night . If I had it to do over again , I would definitely buy the pad with the tuck-under flaps .
 I ordered one of these a week ago and just ordered a second one for use with an elderly parent . A nurse at the local hospital told me that `` chucks , '' as she called waterproof sheet protectors , cost around $ 30 each . I would n't be surprised if hospitals pay $ 300 each -LRB- or $ 3000 ;-RRB- . In any case , Amazon 's price is more than fair , and these chucks are good quality and do what they are supposed to do . I 'm sorry I ever wasted money on disposable pads -LRB- from places like WalMart -RRB- , which are always too small . Having two of these means that when one gets soiled it goes into the wash and the second one goes right on the bed , and I 'll probably never again have to strip the bed and wash sheets -LRB- and sometimes a blanket -RRB- to deal with an accidental soiling.Follow up on June 15 , 2009
 These are just the perfect size , contain wetness and wash up great ! These are so much better than the rectangular waterproof sheet-like things . These are nearly square , and so cover more of my son 's body area . They have n't yet curled or bunched up in the wash .
 I purchased this item for my disabled daughter . It is a high quality product and holds up well under constant washings .
 I 'll be frank ... I generally sleep with up to four furry feline friends , depending on the weather outside ; a few are old , and sometimes have accidents . I am also likely to have a cup of tea in bed b/4 going to sleep , and sometimes spill . WHO , ME ?????? I bought two of this size and two larger Priva mattress pad protectors last year to cover -LRB- most of -RRB- my new king-size mattress ; if an accident happened , I was just washing one pad , not whole mattress protector . Although they were under my bottom sheet , they were great to sleep on , made no noise , did not move around much , and did not make bed hotter to sleep on . The pads have now graduated to protecting my new couch , where my 19-year-old cat Sabrina resides until I get a more appropriate ` camping place ' for her in the den . Sabrina is mostly blind and with her advanced kidney disease , she blesses these pads daily . I wash them on delicate in warm water , and dry on normal . THEY ARE WONDERFUL . Have been washing twice/week for five months now ; they are still as good as new , wash and dry beautifully , and still protect the couch perfectly . Whenever I do need more of these , I 'll certainly go back to this brand ! HAPPY SHOPPING !
 I have 3 of the priva ultra waterproof sheet protectors and love the product ! It saves washing the whole bed . Just put a draw sheet over the protector and it saves so much laundry . Washes and dries extremely well !
 I am using this to help get my daughter out of pull-ups . It works fine . I 've washed both of them several times and they do n't bunch up or anything . They do a good job of staying put while she 's sleeping , too . I absolutely would buy these again .
 This product did the job that I wanted it to do . The seller was also very prompt and I would use them again
 I just got these in . I purchased two and they are wonderful . The fabric is great and the size is perfect !
 Wish I had found these years ago . Bought for 7yr . old grandson who did n't want Goodnites anymore . Bought 2 and they serve the purpose . Very soft to lay on .
 I bought two of these -LRB- just in case of overnight wetness -RRB- for my 2-year-old , and they work superbly !! My li'l guy is quite a wiggle-worm at night , but the sheet does n't move or bunch up at all ! It 's plenty big enough -LRB- he sleeps on a regular-sized twin bed -RRB- to take up all the space he rolls around on , and I never worry about him wetting it so much it would leak -LRB- one , because it does n't , and two , because he goes potty before bed -RRB- . I absolutely recommend this product to anyone !!
 I got one of these for my son who has a bedwetting issue , and we 're trying to get him out of the pull-ups . It saves me from having to change the bedding in the middle of the night , and it washes and dries well . Definitely worth the money !
 I bought 6 of these Priva Ultra Waterproof Sheet protectors . I call them bed pads . My adult son is a quadriplegic and bedbound . He 's incontinent . I do n't use diapers , but I do use the paper pads over these types of pads too for double protection . The pads are large which I really love . They were n't as thick as I expected them to be but so far they do the job and one pad covers a large area of his hospital bed . -LRB- 34x36 -RRB- I will probably buy more in the near future but I 'm wondering if they have ones with a different thickness ? I do n't remember given the option when purchasing . I recommend these pads to anyone that needs to use them for sheet/bed protection . I wo n't be able to tell how their endurance is until a few months down the line - as I wash them every day . J KelleyI love these pads ... and I want to buy more but I ca n't until they have them on sale again for 15.84 -LRB- I think -RRB- when I bought them last time . When is the next sale ??? UPDATE
 These work great . It 's the right size for a not very active sleeper , Sturdy enough that they can be used to reposition the patient . Made in Canada , too . Almost as good as Made in the USA . Has been washed numerous times and still looks new . Highly recommend if you need this type of item .
 This is a great time saver for anyone , when there is an incontience problem from a child to an adult . The price is about the best I have found on the internet . I have MS and this has saved my husband , who is my caregiver , quite a bit of time and extra work .
 I wanted to love these as other reviewers have . I do n't think my children move around when sleeping much , but the pads bunched up.I bought these for my 8 year old and my 4 year old . Both still in pullup/goodnights . Bedwetting is an unfortunate heredity issue.They used these pads for about 7 weeks . Not one night did these pads stay in the right spot . My 4-year-olds was bunched up before 10 PM -LRB- when we checked before going to bed ourselves -RRB- and the 8-year-olds was by morning.So ... I still had to wash sheets every day . Along with the pad protectors . I must add , that the pads held up to being washed many times and are still soft.I like them enough , that I am considering putting velcro to hold them in place on the sheets or just sewing . I would recommend getting the ones with edges you can tuck in .
 This product provides excellent coverage and protection for those afflicted with urinary incontinence . I highly recommend it and intend to order more .
 Everything arrived as described and on time - very pleased with the quick service . Product works great and is washable and goes in dryer .
 Our son moved from his toddler bed to his `` big kid bed '' , an XL Twin . I wanted something more durable & water resistant than his waterproof crib pads , to be sure the matress was 100 % protected . I saw some mixed reviews on this , but most of the reviews were very positive . I 'm so glad I bought it , and plan to buy 2 more . It has never once leaked through . I put it under his sheet so he has a nice comfortable bed like we all do , and his matress stays dry consistantly . Great product !
 This is perfect for occasional toddler accidents - big enough to catch it all , but not a full mattress cover that makes the bed hot . Easy to machine wash , soft and absorbent . I 'm ordering another one for my second child .
 This pad has had zero leak throughs . I had previously only bought these pads for my kids and plastic sheets at box stores . None of those worked and after 2-3 washes they would leak through and my kids ' beds would smell . Also it does n't my young son hot or sweaty like the others did . Good product , reasonably priced .
 These are the pads you want to get . They are top quality and I do n't see how they could be made any better .
 Washes nicely and does the job . No more messy sheets to change in the middle of the nite . Ai n't getting old just grand ?
 I bought 2 of these and I love them . They are absolutley great and sure saves time on having to wash the sheets and mattress pad over and over again . When there is an accident , it does not leak through the pad , it is soaked up ! The only con , which is not that big of deal , is that they do move but because I got the bigger ones there is rarely an accident that gets on the sheets . I was going to get the ones that tucked it , but I thought that would be just as annoying as have to change the sheets because you had to tuck them in on both sides and when the bed is against the wall , it makes it more difficult . I would 100 % recommend this sheet protector .
 Priva Ultra Waterproof Sheet Protector , WhiteI ordered two of these and found them to be of top quality . I recommend them to anyone needing to protect their bed sheets .
 This product provided peace of mind when a very young grandchild came to visit . It was easy to use and by putting it under the sheet , the child was not offended .
 This product is fantastic for someone who has a parent or child who wets the bed.It does the trick and protects the sheets and the bed . It has a plastic lining on the otherside and washes great . Very durable . I highly recommend to get it and get two .
 Ordered 3 as per title though I received 4 PRIVA Ultra Waterproof Sheet Protectors ! I had wanted to compare the two for any difference in quality etc. . I will update this review as needed if at all .
 Priva 's products have stood the test of time in this household . The bed pads that are 8-10 years old look as good -LRB- and have worn as well -RRB- as the ones I bought about a year ago and I do rotate them , using 3 to 5 each day . The colored pads for the cushioned chairs likewise are attractive and fit unobtrusively in my chairs . Enough said !!
 My 2-year old son has started a day care recently.And he started to get sick every other week . I was looking around to find something to pick up his immunity . It 's hard to find anything without the corn ingredients , to which my son has allergy . Finally i found this line ChildLife.I called them and they assure me that there are no corn ingredients.So i bought it.We finished the first bottle.Right on the last day he got sick.Some virus.But this time we were done in 1.5 days.So i would say it works , not 100 % , but certainly improves things.It has pleasant taste , he took it with no problem/My only complain - something wrong with the bottle itself.Every time you pouring the liquid some amount goes on to label.So by the end all label was dirty . And i was trying hard to save every drop of this pretty expensive medication.Price here is much lower than in my neighborhood nature pharmacy .
 When my kids or I am starting to show signs of sickness or if there 's alot going around at school I dose them with this and it totally helps keep them well . I wish the taste was a bit better but my kids take it from a dropper and i get it down fast . This does n't take anything away that 's already there but it helps to support your immune function working in top form ! I have also used this on cold sores as there 's colloidal silver in it and if you get it right when it 's itching and keep applying it with a q tip it totally has worked to ward it off !
 This is my miracle medicine . My 2 girls -LRB- 7 & 3 -RRB- , had been under the weather for the last couple of days , they had a terrible cough and congestion , and when I gave the first dose in the evening that same night they were much better , a 60 % better , I just gave them for 3 more days and done ... For me it really help ... I also bought the sinus cleanse kids mist and added some drops od the netwash Himalayan Institute , is a boost . and tralalala , magic
 I give this to my son every time he starts coming down with something and his sickness just seems to go away . I use a medicine syringe to extract it and just give it straight into my son 's mouth because the bottle -LRB- like most other Child Life bottles -RRB- leaks when you pour it onto a spoon , and given the price , I 'm saving all I can !
 My son is 2.5 and started preschool a few months ago . He has been sick the entire time always having a runny nose and a cold . Once I started giving him this at the first sign of the nose run it cut the sick time in half . We now go 2-3 weeks without a cold or a runny nose . I highly recommend this product . It has safe doses of Olive Leaf and Silver for your children . It is a miracle !
 All the evaluation is very good , it will send to my friend 's baby.The kindergarten children often communicate colds to each other , i hope it will useful to her .
 i love this product , for my baby it works very well , i recomend it to everyone , u will love it
 We all have this brand , starts from a very young age to drink it products , we are very like baby , taste very good , easy to accept , the cold is also very useful .
 To take this on a daily basis is kinda expensive . We usually give it to the children during flu season or when we feel they might get a cold . It seems to be working .
 I use it for my child , it 's workable for his cough , and I will buy it again for buffer .
 I have tried several other natural or organic vitamin supplements for my 3 year old who started preschool and was getting sick a lot . Nothing worked . I was shocked to find some of the supplements I tried had a moderate amount of lead in them -LRB- FDA study of vitamins -RRB- . I wanted to keep ingredients all natural with no additives or possible lead . My toddler can not be coaxed into eating a daily vitamin even if it looks like a gummy bear or a berry and powders contain lead so a liquid seemed ideal and could be hidden in juice , etc. . This product really does seem to work . No colds since starting the bottle . And no struggle with eating a daily vitamin .
 Just as advertised . Is it helping our child ? Hmm ... well ... he 's not been sick ... no way to know if this helps or not ...
 is ' t very nice , i love it , thanks for you . so i love it . i love it.i love it.i love it.i love it
 I occasionally suffer from bad neck spasms and experience agonizing pain . I went to my local pharmacy and purchased something to put in the freezer that had little pea like beads in it that fastened around the neck . I paid $ 20 and it was horrible . It was made out of plastic and the edges cut into my skin and it was too tight around the neck.I was desperate for something comfortable , that could adjust to a bigger neck size and be used as a heating pad and for cold therapy . When I got this I was pleasantly surprised by the high quality of this item . It is very well made , very cushioned and it fits comfortably around my neck and holds well with the velcro . It can be helpful for big necks and little necks because it can be adjusted.It covers a lot of area and I like the fact that it covers the back of my shoulders well , the nape of the neck all the way up to the bottom of my ears and jaw bone as well as all around the throat.It is a little tricky at first getting it to warm up to a temperature in the micro that is perfect . In my Sharp Carousel microwave it takes about 35-45 seconds on each side . Sometimes more sometimes less . If it feels too hot , just let it cool off a minute or so . Once you do this a few times you will get the hang of it and know exactly how long to heat it up for . The heat really helps my neck spasms . It stays warm for about 20 minutes or so and then wanes . I just throw it back in the microwave again.The cold version is nice , but does not last very long and does not feel as cold as I would like it to be despite being in the freezer over night . I noticed the coolness will last only between 15-20 minutes tops . When it is cold , it feels like a cool damp towel and is quite flexible , not hard like a block of ice.When the coolness wears off , I take a bunch of ice cubes , place them in a ziploc bag , wrap that in a dishtowel and place it under the Elasto-gel Cervical Collar . Then I close it around my neck with the velcro and I am ok for a while longer . It holds the ice pack on for me.I would give it 5 stars if the cold and warm therapy would last longer , but the ice cube method works and the collar holds it in place wonderfully.If you do the ice cube method , please make sure you keep the ice cubes inside a ziploc bag and keep a dishtowel around it because this cervical collar is not allowed to get wet . If it gets wet , the gel inside it will get ruined and render the collar useless .
 This item is pretty good , wish it would last a little longer only because when I wear it ice-wise I have to use my floor heater at work which tends to make it not last as long but it does do the trick and it helps me . That 's really what I use it for , heat-wise , it 's good , but I really use it for ice , and I really should have two , one for work and one for home for when I forget , but I would recommend this product
 The Elasto-gel Collar is great . Put it in the freezer , when you develop a neck pain , take it out and wrap around the neck . Instant relief , no mess .
 Remains flexible even when extremely cold . I suffered a whiplash injury several months ago ; I wish I 'd discovered this cold pack back then . Comfortable to wear , will fit a large range of neck sizes , and extends down the back a good bit farther than the other cervical cold packs I 've tried.I doubt that I 'll buy any brand other than Elasto-Gel from here on out .
 This neck wrap is awesome . It has a nice weight , fits nice and snug without strangling you and so far I 've had it on for a half hour and it 's still super cold giving me relief . This is my first day with it but I can see many years of use ahead and will definitely purchase some of the other products . It 's hard to get cold relief so nice and tight on your neck at home while walking around .
 This was recommended by my therapist but I am so thankful that he gave me the information . I needed something that I would be able to count on while I was recovering from rotator-cuff surgery and almost spent 4X as much on another product . When I mentioned the other product to him he immediately told me about the Elasto-gel Cervical Collar . The way it contours the shoulder is perfect . There is no need to spend the extra $ $ on the `` shoulder '' kits and you can use this one for many areas of your body -LRB- knee , neck , shoulder , etc. -RRB- I had just gone though 6 wks . of therapy for a frozen shoulder and now have to recover from the rotator-cuff surgery . With the capabilities of either hot or cold therapy it will enable me to use just this one product . It is comforting to the skin -LRB- does n't freeze it -RRB- and will last a long time . They have had theirs at the therapy center forever !! It is worth its weight in gold !! I highly recommend it !
 I PURCHASED TWO OF THE CERVICAL/THORACIC GEL HOT/COLD PACKS . ONE FOR HOME AND ONE FOR WORK . I USE THEM ALMOST DAILY . I HAVE HAD TWO CERVICAL SURGERIES AND THESE PROVIDE GREAT RELIEF FOR SORE MUSCLES .
 This wrap is excellent for easing sore muscles . Great product ! I put mine in a plastic shopping bag and stick it in the freezer for relief any time I need it .
 I 've used it only once with heat and it felt rather nice and comfortable . It 's very soothing to the muscle area . I hope to be using it much more in the future .
 If you are an FMS sufferer , Elasto Gel is a great investment . I have owned the cervical and lumbar pieces for many years and they have helped me immensely . I see they now have a piece that completely covers the upper back and that will surely be on my Holiday wish list . I keep mine right in the cabinet by the microwave and pop them in many times on a high pain day . There are some days that you must move around and Elasto allows you that portability . The heat will last about 40 minutes per microwave and if you need more time you just pop them in again . It is heaven to heat one and lay down for a nap . If you want to add a little aroma therapy you can slip a scented fabric softener sheet between the washable cover and the elasto gel !
 this really works but i have to heat it up on both sides in the microwave on 55 seconds to get the heat i require for degenerative disk in my neck . really wish i could get one to go from the base of my skull to my waist for the real relief i get using this product . good stuff . gives me temporary relief of this garbage of a spine . thank you for making this product available to the public.as Bette Davis once said &#34; Getting old is NOT for sissies &#34; she is really on the mark with this statement . thanks for the warning Ms. Davis . Miss you a lot .
 I got my father-in-law one of these two years ago , since he suffers from a degenerated disc in his neck . He uses it every day to help relieve the pain . I just bought a second one so he can keep one in the freezer here at our house and wo n't have to suffer when he 's away from home.It 's made of heavy nylon/plastic , which does n't seem to get brittle with age . The gel inside gets a little stiff but still bendable when frozen , and it stays cold for about an hour . It re-freezes quickly and folds so it does n't take up too much room in the freezer . The shape of it is perfect for neck and shoulders , and it 's not too heavy on his neck.A great product - nice enough that I bought a second one .
 I have given this a 5 star rating because this is a fantastic product at a competitive price . However what you will get is the cervical collar covered by the 2 way stretch cotton-poly cover not the 4 way stretch cover -LRB- Lycra -RRB- . With this cover the velcro strap must be closed by attaching it to the opposing velcro piece on the other side of the opening of the collar . For my purposes this works just fine and the strap is long enough to fit multiple neck sizes . I have multiple Elasto-Gel products and I personally prefer this type of cover which is a very sturdy yet soft fabric that stays in place . Amazon 's description is incorrect since it says this is the 4 way stretch fabric which is Lycra . With the Lycra fabric the velcro strap can be fastened anywhere on the collar -LRB- since the velcro adheres to the Lycra -RRB- . I find the Lycra fabric to be slippery and the gel piece inside slips and does n't stay in place as well as with the cotton-poly fabric . The style number for the cotton-poly fabric collar is CC102B and the Lycra is CC102 . If you prefer one over the other make sure beforehand you are getting the right one . Generally the Lycra fabric version is more expensive . Also make sure the product you are ordering is manufactured by Southwest Technologies the company the makes all of the Elasto-Gel products.I have used Elasto-Gel products for over 20 years now for neck and back problems and ca n't live without them . They are so simple to heat in the microwave but be very careful not to overheat . If you hear a popping sound you have overheated it . When we recently installed a new more powerful microwave my old collar overheated and burned through through the cover -LRB- the gel did not leak per se but was sticky at the burn spot -RRB- . I decided it was safer to buy a new one but please note that I got over 10 years use out of that collar.The Elasto-gel insert inside your collar will stay warm for hours if you leave it in place . The part facing away from your body will cool down but the side against your body will absorb your body heat even after it cools down from the microwave . So you can get a very hot treatment right from the microwave and then get a nice constant warm heat which for me keeps my neck warm and pain free . I even use my collar to go out in very cold weather to prevent my neck muscles from contracting due to the cold .
 I do like this collar . it 's large and wraps around my neck snug . it heats up well . it can be used for other areas as well . i heat this in the microwave for 45 seconds per side . the heat lasts for about 20 minutes and does a great job . i have multiple herniated disc , and this relieves pain.this is a high quality collar , and i would recommend this to anyone with neck and back pain and tense muscles .
 I have arthritis and bone spurs in my neck . I had been using a small ice pack that I would have to hold in place the whole time I was using it . This cervical collar ice pack stays in place and works great . I like the material it is made out of and I would recommend it to anyone who has to ice down their neck .
 I 've used several types of cervical cold packs over the past few years , both at home and also professional cold packs at chiropractic appointments to help decrease muscle inflammation , and this is by far the best because of its super flexible fabric immediately from the freezer and its ability to stay cold for a longer time if needed .
 The cervical collar I received is not the one shown on Amazon web site . It is a smaller model . It works pretty well but is not really long enough for my needs . The model shown is available from the elasto gel web site . The one -LRB- mistakenly ? -RRB- sent by Amazon is best for the upper shoulder area . The claim that is stays hot for 25-30 minutes is exaggerated . After 15 minutes it cools to mildly warm . The fact that it can used a a cold pack as well , is a plus .
 I have used this product to treat chronic stress-induced muscle tightness . This product supplies a gentle warmth to my neck , shoulders and upper back at the same time . I have had success heating the product in the microwave according to the instructions . I fold the cervical collar into thirds and place on a paper towel in the center of the microwave . I heat it in the microwave for the full 45 seconds , flip it over and heat again for 45 seconds , then let it rest in place for 1 minute . I get a nice even heat . I enjoy wearing the collar two ways
 This is a great product and works as promised . Very comfortable to wear and easy to heat or freeze .
 I have CMP and a bulging disc in my neck and pain is a constant companion , as is the numbness and tingling down my left arm . I tried heating pads , microwave heat noodles , rubs , creams and sprays , but none were as effective as this collar.I like this collar is light-weight and easy to heat . The velcro allows me to custom fit it to the contours of my neck It molds to my skin , applying heat to every nook and cranny.The only downside , is the length of time it stays warm , but they state in the paperwork that it will only retain heat for 20 mins or so . But that is twenty minutes I can walk around with the heat on . Then , it takes less than two minutes in the microwave to re-energize it.It is n't perfect , I would like it to stay warm longer , but it is what it is and it works . Lovely heat hugging my neck as I cook etc. .
 A great product , helped with my knee injury plus when I have a headache , get it cold and works great and nice and soft .
 This seems to be a quality product . It 's a nice weight and covers the neck very well . Recommend if you have neck problems .
 Great product ... use it all the time . It stays cold long enough to do my 20 minute sessions . Fits great around my neck and is covered in a silky elastic fabric . It has to be stored in a plastic bag that 's provided so it does n't get wet or it will be unusable . Would recommend to anyone .
 I LOVE this thing ... can take on a trip & heat in a convenience store microwave ; can put it on other areas -LRB- like the spine when driving -RRB- also .
 This is the perfect solution for a sore neck . As I get older it seems I have lost a bit of flexibility in my neck - I work out all the time and this is the best neck device that I have found . Only bad thing is that you will get hot when using heat in summer . But for the relief anyone can stand it for five - ten minutes.Highly recommend
 ASIN : B000FHZNQO Elasto-Gel Cervical - Neck Collar with Velcro - Elasto Gel #CC 102 - Lycra Cover was recommended to me by my massage therapist for pain in my neck and shoulder . I have found it very convenient and helpful although it is somewhat cumbersome to use .
 I use it for cold therapy only . It is of superior quality , better than any other ice pack I have used before . I 'm pleased with the snug fit . It does n't leave your skin wet , like some other ice packs . Highly recommended .
 Heats up nicely and covers a broader area , use it before I put on my neck traction device , help limber up neck muscles
 I already had one of these Elasto-gel cervical collars , but I lent it to a friend , who kept it . The elasto-gel collar is really helpful with my occasional neck pain . However , I did not receive this product from Amazon . After I ordered it , and received notification that it had been shipped , I received another e-mail stating that I was getting a refund because I had returned it . I did not receive the product , nor did I return it . The payment was credited back to my account and I bought this product on another website .
 It is a good product but for the cost I can get the same results from a heating pad and have heat for longer periods of time . However , the weight and mobility of this product is a huge plus .
 This is a very useful tool for relieving neck pain/tension . This is the second collar I 've purchased so I do n't have to wait to refreeze before applying cold again .
 Elasto-gel Cervical Collar is the greatest ! I was using hydroculator pads like at physical therapy , but they kept rotting out . This product is so easy to use and serves munti purpouses well . Highly recommend
 Love this thing ! Have n't used it for heat yet , but love it for ice pack ! I use if for my shoulder and it 's nice to just be able to lay it on my shoulder and go about daily things .
 I 've only used it cold . It is n't super cold , but cold enough for me . I like it because it is very lightweight and soft , fits around my neck nicely . Velcro closure works well .
 The material is like a tempurpedic brace the is shaped to fit your neck . I found it comfortable and that it transferred the cold temp to my skin at a rate that was helpful but not freezing cold . I ordered another one so that I could use them in tandem .
 The Elasto-Gel Cervical Collar fits well around the neck , offering cold/hot treatments to the neck and upper spine . I use it for neck arthritis and strains . I also use it for hot and cold therapy on my wrist for Carpal Tunnel Syndrome . -LRB- For the left wrist , place the Elasto-Gel on the arm with the logo facing so it can be read . Grab the Velcro strap and pull it around the wrist and into the palm of your hand , grasping the strap between the thumb and forefinger . Then wrap the Gel securely around your arm and wrist , and fasten the Velcro strap to the Velcro tab on the Gel . The extended portion that normally covers your upper spine now warms or cools the underside of your arm . The right wrist is a bit more tricky , but easy enough to figure by first grabbing the opposite end -- the one without the strap -- between the palm and small finger . -RRB- It seems to stay hot or cold for 15 minutes or more . Be sure that you let it sit for a few minutes after removing from the microwave , per instructions . It will still be heating up and can burn a tender wrist or neck .
 Works great , fits easily and velcro closure makes it comfortable . Allows me to be mobile while I ice my neck . I use a shoulder version also . Same story .
 Well made , well priced hot/cold collar . Easy to use . A bit loose , -LRB- for me -RRB- , so I added more velcro to tighten the fit in the mid-neck area . Lightweight and packable .
 I bought this for my grandmother so she doesnt have to try to hold a ice pack , heating pad up there . She uses it cold and loves it = -RRB-
 Recommend to all my massage clients . So easy to use and you are able to continue to work while it is on . I use the wrist one all the time .
 was a gift for my daughter who is totally amazed by how great it works ... it gives much needed relief ... highly recommend it ...
 I purchased the Elasto-gel Cervical Collar . It was a god send . I have a bludging disk in my neck . Was so nice to get some much needed releaf . I love it . My neck is much better now thanks to a Cortizone shot and the collar.But it is in the freezer waiting for a flare up . Good job guys . Love your products.Lois
 I have chronic pain and muscle problems and was uncertain if this item would help anymore than a heating pad or ice pack . Here is why I 'm glad that I bought it
 I just recieved this today . I put it in the freezer for about an hour . I have now had it on for 25 minutes and it is still cold . I love the wrap around design , I can walk around with it on and get things done . I would highly recommend this for anyone needing cold compresses for their neck .
 Bravo . Worth it at twice the price . With this product they got it correct . Bag of blue goo , not so great . Bag of ice , wo n't work . Frozen peas good in a pinch , CVS frozen blue peas in a hard plastic package that cuts my neck ?? - R U serious ? . The Good : The Elasto-gel Cervical Collar is designed to fit your neck -LRB- c1 to c7 bliss -RRB- . It is always flexible.Hot or cold.The cover transmits the cold or hot a few seconds after you start to use it -LRB- no cold shock -RRB- . You can remove and wash the cover.It is still made in the USA.Lets just say my neck is a wreck . Without this Cervical Collar I would be in pain all the time . Now I 'm in pain only some of the time . Thanks Vicodin . I had one of these . Now I have three . I keep one at work , one at home and the third rides with me between work and home.The Bad : The new one is smaller , the tiny girl in the picture makes it look big . -LRB- please make a man sized one -RRB- The Velcro on front is annoying . I cut it off.Always use , and never lose , the bag it came with . Ziploc makes it wet in the freezer and it will smell like old frozen stuff.Last if it went 4 to 6 inches further down the back . The long term issues I have cause the compensating pieces to cramp up.OBTW
 love this fits like a glove and feels so soft and even works for the leg or arm.love this product works like a dream , would recommend this product 100 percent . . try it for yourself you will love it .
 She uses this hot and cold and reports that it 's one of the few devices that makes her neck feel better when she 's in a lot of pain .
 I like it so far for heat , but it does n't get very cold in the freezer . Otherwise , I 'm impressed with it .
 I had rotator cuff repair surgery in Nov. and am currently going to PT twice a week . They use this cold pack and I love it . It is a cervical pack but works nicely on the shoulder . I like it because it is lightweight and stays on the shoulder very well .
 The cervical collar holds cold well and is easy to use and re-use . It shapes very easily to get cold therapy to the affected areas of the neck and traps . I have n't used it with heat therapy . Very pleased with its ability to stay cold . Buying a second one as a gift . !
 it is easy to use and it helps to ease pain-us it cold then hot-ease of use is the biggest advantage
 This wrap fits the neck very well . It is soft . The velcro flap in front jabs my chin no matter how I move it but a small towel as a liner fixed that . I like that it can be hot and cold . Very nice . It also heats up very quickly . It 's just that if youussut used it hot you 'll need back up cold packs as it will take time to freeze . Also , I have been afraid to take it out of the freezer and directly microwave for fear of damaging it , so if its cold and I want hot then ... My arsenal now is this combined with the Carex Bed Buddy , Body Wrap , also heated , then all the pain points are covered . I get ACE large ice packs and keep them frozen . I fold them to fit my neck/head better . I have to keep them in gallon plastic bags because they begin to leak from the seams in a short time . I 'm not sure if this is a product defect -LRB- it is has happened with three of them in a row -RRB- or the folding I do . I highly recommend the elasto-gel collar and I also recommend the Carex Bed Buddy , Body Wrap too .
 I have Cervical Kyphosis , it can be so painful . this product worked perfectly for me . I keep mine in the freezer and use often .
 Freeze it in the freezer and great for neck pain and stiffness and headaches . Only use for up to 30-minutes at one time.Enjoy , Dr. Ken
 love these...Elasto-gel Cervical Collar ... we have four amazing for tense shoulders . I also some times use it for my low back ... good price
 Initially when I opened the pkg I thought whoa , this is pretty darn heavy and I was afraid it would hurt more than help but I do n't notice the weight of it when I have it on . It feels great when cool . I have not heated it as it feels warm to me as is and sometimes I just wear it room temp to provide support and comfort .
 I 've had this Cervical gel pack now for a few months and it has been great ! No leaking , soft and flexible and can be used for lower back for laying down . I 've turned it vertically to go down the length of my spine and works like a charm . Highly recommend this for anyone that needs a good ice pack or uses daily because it holds up very well and the velcro is very useful at times.Just remember to keep it in the plastic zip bag it comes with or use a freezer quart bag to store in . Will purchase again when this one starts wearing out , but it is holding up much better than any other ice pack I 've ever had . With neck problems and back problems for 2/3 of my life , an ice pack is something I always have more of one of on hand . This one is a winner all the way !
 I have degenerative disk disease in my neck and have pain everyday . This is so great , it relaxes the muscles and reduces the pain . The shape covers the back of my neck and around to the front . I take it to work and everybody wants to use it.Its the best product I have bought for my pain yet !!
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas . He is a student , mountain biker , and a daddy . This product has really eased the pain in his neck and shoulders . Very easy to use and comfortable . Thanks for a great product !
 Am able to wear to bed at night and does not shift or interfer with sleeping . Have only used as a cold compress .
 I bought this after having used one at the Occupational therapy appointments . It is well-balanced , has great coverage , heats evenly -LRB- I have n't tried it chilled -RRB- . I have a LOT of tension in my neck , pinching nerves which causes paralysis in my arms , and my entire C-spine is degenerated . This definitely gives relief .
 The ice pack is flexible , comfortable , and the family fights over it . Not only for necks , but knees , elbows , etc. .
 I use this on my back -LRB- and occasionally around my neck -RRB- when I am sitting in my recliner . It instantly warms and relaxes stressed , achy muscles . I also use it to pre-warm my bed in the winter . It needs to stay in my microwave longer than the suggested time , but maybe that 's just my microwave . I love this product .
 Comfortable cervical collar does the job . Soft enough to lie down on . Attaches snugly . Would buy several more if less expensive.Would be more convenient if did n't take two hours to refreeze.Elasto-gel Cervical Collar
 Great purchase . My cervical disc has healed . This product is worthwhile . The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because it is a collar that extends high like the picture , I did not need that feature . Wonderful item .
 If you have chronic neck , back or shoulder pain or occasionally just overdo exercising you ca n't do any better than the Elasto-gel cervical collar.I like it because you can use either HOT or COLD . You 'll like it cause it is form fitting and stays put . It 's worth every penny . I highly recommend it .
 I have had one of these for several years and bought this so that I would have an extra when my husband wants to use mine.You can use this from the freezer to apply cold or microwave for heat . the flexible shape works for the neck but I have used for my knee and shoulder also . I have recommended this to several family members and friends .
 I got this as a replacement for another microwavable neck wrap , one full of beans . The problem with the older product was that it worked really well on the back of the neck but did nothing for the sides unless you held it there . I have a problem with tight muscles in my neck , but the sides are big problem areas for me . I do n't feel much pain there , but when the SCM muscles spasm they refer pain , causing headaches . This product fits tightly around the neck and delivers heat to the sides as well as the back , but it cools off quickly . Another reviewer said it only lasted 15 minutes before needing to be reheated ; I 'd say it is closer to 10 .
 The item was ppropriately packaged and was received in good time . I would be glad to order from this vendor again .
 I 've owned my elasto gel cervical and lumbar pieces for 10 years and they are still as effective as they were when I purchased them . I 'm disabled from failed spine surgery . I love the heat wraps sold in the stores but sometimes I do n't need 8 hours of heat . I can toss these in the micro again and again . If I 'm very stressed -LRB- I also have FMS -RRB- I can slip a scented fabric softener sheet between the cover and the gel and get a little aromatherapy along with the heat ! Hats off to elasto gel for their fine product . My next purchase will be the cranial cap for my migraines .
 I bought this neck collar based on the suggestion of my physical therapist . I have degenerative disk disease in my neck which spasms on a regular basis when inflamed . This collar was able to touch all of the right places and the velcro band secured it into place . It really helped to calm the spasms as much as possible .
 My identical Elasto Gel is at least 5 years old -LRB- and cost twice as much b/c I bought it locally -RRB- . I got this one was for my 90 year old mom . It is a WONDERFUL quick-fix for sore , achy shoulder/neck muscles . My mom LOVES it , so much that she brings it WITH her when she travels.I heartily recommend it
 I own two of these cold packs that I keep in the freezer at all times . They keep flexible when cold and conform to your body . I use them for neck inflamation and pain . I have had one for several years and have not noticed any wear . I picked up this second one so I will have one always avalible .
 Really like this one . I can work on the computer and treat my neck and shoulders at the same time . Keeping it dry is important because if water -LRB- ice -RRB- gets on the outside it gets messy .
 Got this for Christmas this year . Did n't even know this product existed . I 'm loving it heated . Just 2 minutes in the microwave and I get 30 minutes of soothing heat on my tight neck . I highly recommend it for its comfort and durrability . Recommend putting in a zip lock if it goes in the freezer ... I anticipate that the cover will take on a funky smell if placed in there directly .
 This is simply the best constructed cold-pack I have ever had ! My only complaint is that is is n't quite cold enough , even when in the freezer over night . Very comfortable , with soft lycra cover .
 This ice pack works wonders ! I 've tried many types of ice packs and this one stays put and you can keep going with them on . Stays cold for around 20 minutes before you might want to put it next to the skin . After that it is good for another 5 minutes maybe . I have Fibromyalgia and alternate cold and heat on really bad days . This one works well , except it really does not wrap around the neck as shown in the picture . You can , but I found it uncomfortable . You have to store it carefully ! Lay it as flat as you can and in the same way it came . I put mine in 2 ziplock bags to prevent any freezer smells and then I put that in Tupperware . Be very careful with the Velcro !! It will stick to the spandex type material and fray it . I 've been very careful with mine and it still has pulls all over it . Check out all the other products , they have everything for every muscle group ! The cranial cap I had to return ... it was too heavy for my head and with the Fibro , trying to hold it up made my neck muscles kill !! This is worth the money as long as you intend on taking good care of it . Customer service for these guys is great also !
 I agree with past reviews . The collar does not get quite hot enough and I assume not cold enough either -LRB- although I only heat it -RRB- . After having my neck operated on -LRB- C2-C7 -RRB- last Novemeber , I have suffered from muscle tightness at about shoulder level in my neck . I have gone through many microwavable gel packs from Wal-Mart likely imported from China . The gel in those are much more liquid and will get hotter and stay hotter longer . Unfortunately they blow out at the seams when heated and spill heated oil-gel all over its cover , your neck and any furniture . The last one purchased we immediately put it in a secondary `` seal-a-meal '' plastic bag prior to its first heating to hopefully extend its life ... still leaked all over me , burning the skin on my neck and hands after its second heating.This device is wonderfully fitted . The gel is not liquid so it stays evenly distributed in it 's cover . It does give wonderful temporary relief and does allow a person to remain active or at least mobile . I find myself wearing it even when it cools down because it does keep the cold air off the back of my neck which is a primary cause for the muscles tightening . I cook it as recommended , about 40-45 seconds each side , but there is no way in the world that I would let it cool off for 60 seconds before applying to my neck as recommended . I think this product is fantastic and I look forward to purchasing some of their other products in the future .
 I love the shape of the Elasto-Gel cervical collar and how it molds so nicely to the neck . It is completely flexible and provides nice relief.I have used this item only as a cooler . I keep it in my freezer -LRB- in the baggie that comes with it -RRB- and use it when needed . The coolness only lasts for about 20 minutes but it is very soothing for inflammation of the neck -LRB- like a slipped disc which is what I have -RRB- . This is not an ice pack , so it will not freeze the skin . It can also be used for heat -- but I do not use it for that purpose and can not speak about it.As a neck cooler , I love it and am considering getting multiple collars that I can switch out . Very soothing and comforting also for MS -LRB- which I also have -RRB- during those times when I am overheating a bit . I just ordered the mask as well and have used this on my forehead for headaches . Extremely comfortable and easy to fit .
 I had 2 surgeries on my spine . I used something similar to ease the pain in my neck when recovering . My brother was having the same symtoms of neck and back problems that I had before my surgery . I wanted to help , but I could not give up my product . So , I started to look around on the web for what I used . I came across the cervical collar by Elasto-Gel and the same product I was using . I sent both to him . The cervical collar by Elasto-Gel came before the other product . He was in sooo much pain he could not move . He said that this product was a lifesaver . He said that he does n't know what he did with out it . He travels a lot so he can bring it along . He said that with out this product , he would be in the hospital right now . That is the same way I felt with my product . He uses it alllll the time and takes it with him where ever he goes.I talked to my neurosurgeon , who I see on a monthly basis . I told him he should suggest to his patients to get these because I really think they are a godsend for people with neck problems .
 I have cervical stenosis and my physical therapist recommended an ice pack to provide pain relief for my neck . I found that trasditional ice packs were difficult to use and impossible to move around while using . This therapeutic cervical collar can be used hot or cold and is easy to use while relaxing or moving about .
 After purchasing other neck wraps , I purchase this Elasto gel 6 years ago and it was the best thing I have ever bought . It has held up wonderfully . I wear it alot , especially in the winter . It is very comfortable and well made , easy to clean . The heat lasts for a long time so it is not ' a pain in the neck ' always getting up to reheat . It instantly goes to the pain and soothes the soreness I get from surgery to the head/neck/shoulder area . I wear it for support also when I fly -LRB- kindly put it on the xray conveyor though or you have to be scanned and swiped for drugs it draws alot of attention from security -RRB- or long car trips . When I am at the computer for hours on end it helps with stiffness . It does help me with migranes and sinus headaches if I lay down and put it on those areas also . All other wraps for the neck felt like I was being strangled but this is very adjustable and sometimes if I am just sitting still I wo n't even have to put the strap on I just let it hang on my neck and shoulders .
 I have muscle tightness in my neck 24/7 , and working on my computer all day is n't helping to relieve it . I pop my elasto gel in the microwave and use it at least twice at work . It does its job . You just have to keep reheating it because it cools down easily .
 Unlike other products ; I does n't leak , it 's more durable , lasts longer , it 's more comfortable , BUT is just does n't get cold enough for me .
 My husband has an atlas issue and the cold really decreased the pain and swelling . We are going to buy another to leave at work .
 Very comfortable - the cervical spine coverage is very good ; can also be placed -LRB- but not fastened -RRB- over a shoulder . Prompt shipping and good customer service from the company .
 This is my third collar in over ten years and as a person with fibromyalgia , I would have a very difficult time without it . I use the heat function to help relieve pain and relax muscles . Very durable if instructions for use are followed ; quick and easy to heat up .
 I bought this to provide some relief for my headaches and migraines It stays cold for about 20 minutes and cool for a while -LRB- just as they say -RRB- . It is soft , flexible , and pretty thick . I 'm very glad I bought this.In case you have doubts this CAN go in the freezer and it does stay flexible and comfortable . I have not used it hot yetMy only warning/negative is if you have issues with constriction around your neck you might want to reconsider . It is n't overly tight as it is adjustable but the still could be a bit snug on someone with a larger neck , the issue mainly comes with how wide the collar around the front of the neck . My mother was unable to use for this reason but for me the relief far out weighed the mild discomfort .
 Works very well for neck and shoulder relief . Easy to use and well made . Bought at Amazon , quick delivery . Could not find locally .
 As I have degenerative arthritis in my neck , this collar helps to support my neck . I can walk around or fall asleep while wearing it and not be concerned about electrical wires . The only thing against using it is it does not stay warm long enough.Arrived quickly as promised . I would purchase it again .
 Perfect for neck pain . I used to use a frozen bag of peas , pop bottle with frozen water , rectangular gel packs , etc , but since this is formed to fit around your neck , it works great AND it can be used as a hot or cold pack . Definitely worth the money .
 recommend this for anyone that works out , older folks that get cold easy . works for hot or cold applications . nice bed warmer too !
 I ordered this product because it could deliver both hot and cold to the five vertebrae in my neck which are damaged . I am disappointed , however , in the lining of the gel pack . the velcro keeps coming in contact with the soft lining and is already showing signs of wear and tear because of the snagging . I would rate the shaping down the center back as excellent . I would recommend this product . Just need to be careful and not allow the velcro to snag the lining .
 I have used these for many years for my poor neck and worn out three of them.Do be careful not to burn yourself , but the heat lasts and does relieve muscle pain and tension .
 I loved it . It hit just the right spot for my neck problems . The only negative is that it does not stay warm very long .
 My wife and I like the unit but if your neck is thick my be too small to actually feel comfortable if secured by strap . Still can be used sitting/laying on area while siting in chair or laying in bed.Effective in cooling hot heads .
 i 'm in between neck surgeries and this thing immediately provided me just enough relief to change my day from aweful to bearable . o ! The weight of if and the fact that it rests and cools or warms up the entire shoulder girdle and neck area is beyond helpful . I am immediately ordering another one so that i can keep this one in the freezer and have the other one ready to pop into the microwave . I would give it 10 stars if i could . ahhhh the relief .
 very handy and portable . Fits my neck good and I can even walk around with it on and not worry about it falling off or moving .
 This works exceptionally well , but could be a little more form fitting or come in different sizes ... my neck is small .
 I have a spinal problem and this is reall nice because it conforms to your neck unlike so many other products . It also has enough weight to feel comfortable .
 For what it does , it works fine . It 's comfortable enough but I wish the tempurature would last longer . Seems to weigh down my shoulders which is a good thing . I tense up and raise my shoulders causing pain . This does remind me to relax my shoulders and eases the neck pain but it 's bulky .
 Took awile to learn exact microwave time but I like it now . Takes less microwave time if not completely cold .
 Good sturdy gel pak . it provide great cold relief and fits comfortably around the neck or over the shoulder . Previous one lasted several years of daily use .
 I received one of these neck warmers , and my Mom has used it for arthritis in her neck . You put the neck wrap in the microwave for 45 seconds to heat it up . She loves it . We were on vacation and when she got back , she called me and told me she had forgotten it . She wanted to know where to get another . I told her I would check and went straight to amazon.com . I found it in seconds with several other products that were by the same company , I was thrilled , I ordered it and it arrived 2 days later . She had fortunately had found the other , but we decided to keep this one and keep it in the freezer so that she could have both heat and cold . Amazon never seems to fail when I need to find something . Thanks
 After having cervical and shoulder surgery in a matter of a few months , I used the collar often and it greatly aided my recovery . Very convenient and easy to use , definitely worth the money .
 Elasto-gel is so awesome . . i have tried every possible kind of heating pad and it is by far the best combo of comfort , durability and ease . Heat lasts 20-30 min . which is pretty standard . I microwave 45 sec , flip then another 45 sec = perfect heat . It molds to fit neck well , though i 'm small and the velcro tab could be larger to accommodate . I 'm ordering the headache cap as well , great stuff !
 really helps relieve my chronic neck pain . Easy to attach and comfortable . Keeps cold long enough to help and not too cold .
 After looking at several drug stores , I was happy to find this product on Amazon because I had used it extensively at friends to relax my neck muscles following a whip-lashing rear-ender auto accident . It fits nicely around the neck and also drops down a bit onto the upper back . It is easy to warm up in the microwave and it is warm enough to relax muscles but not so hot as to burn . I have not used it cold , but I am sure it works equally well on neck and upper back .
 I bought this for my wife who has been having neck aches . It works quite well and retains both heat and cold for long periods of time . The only real complaint has been that it is not entirely comfortable to wear .
 I highly recommend it . It 's worth every penny . I use them for neck inflamation and pain , and you can use either HOT or COLD .
 This neck wrap is great . I have a spinal cord injury and other spinal issues and now I have neck pain sometimes . I even use a wheelchair . This product has greatly relieved my neck pain including on days that my pain is worse . As a matter of fact , I hardly have any pain at all after using this product .
 I bought this for my grandmother for Christmas . She has been suffering from arthritis in her neck , and she has been miserable for about six months . She had another collar she had purchased at a Wal-Ma@# . The collar she bought was a generic one for neck discomfort . She was waking up several times during the night from the pain , and she was getting very little rest . Her neck was hurting all day , and she her range of motion in her neck was severely limited . I bought her this and heated it up in the microwave as directed . She immediately told me how great the soothing heat felt on her neck . She has been using it for a few weeks now , and she feels so much better . Now she comes to my house without a neck collar on , and she is laughing a lot more . She is acting the way she used to , and seems so much more energetic . She says her neck is still sore , but the pain is so much less now . I could not be happier with this purchase and the relief it has given my grandmother .
 I have a condition that causes me to get overheated on a somewhat regular basis . So we have to keep a ready supply of ice packs readily available . As a result over the years I 've used a variety of ice and heat packs . While there are a wide variety of different ice packs out there none of the other brands available are really designed to fit comfortably around the neck and keep the ice tolerable to the skin . So when I saw these Elasto-gel Cervical Collars I had to get some . My mom bought me two . I keep one in the freezer and one out to warm up for when the neck hurts.The directions recommend that you store them in the plastic bag that they come in to keep down potential mold and freezer smell absorption . I highly recommend you do this . After having others that did not come in a storage bag they do absorb freezer smell . So try storing any of the flexible gel-ice pack you plan on using on your body in a ziplock freezer bag . Your nose will appreciate this , especially if you are putting it around your neck right under your nose.As I stated I 've had these now for over a year , and unlike other gel packs I 've had despite frequent use and getting them in and out of the freezer -LRB- temperature changes -RRB- , the gel has not broken down/solidified/crystallized . They are exactly the same as they were when I got them . No broken seams either.Now the bad point , they do n't seem to hold their temperature as well as others . They either warm-up sooner or cool down quicker . I would say within about 5-7 minutes the one I keep in the freezer starts warming up . Which is fine for those times when I need a quick cool down , but not as effective if you are using it for therapy purposes -LRB- no 20 minutes on , 20 minutes off option -RRB- . So I store the Ace Bandage ice packs as well , they seem to last longer , but that 's because they get colder -LRB- I recommend NOT put these directly on the skin -RRB- . But as I stated the Ace Bandage ones do n't wrap around the neck as well even in the sleeves they come with and thus limit your abilities to do anything else but keep the ice pack on . Whereas with the cervical collar you strap it around your neck and you are n't limited.For those of us who have ever used a neck collar , this is EXACTLY what it feels like . I have a short neck so these have a tendency to ride high on my neck pressing into the bottom of my jaw and bottom of my ears . Thus it pretty much immobilizes my head when I use it.Unlike Ace and others , the outer sleeve is permanently attached , so you do n't have to worry about separate storage . Has a decent Velcro strap that makes for easy readjustments and repeated use . Because the sleeve is already attached it does keep the bare icepack from touching the skin -LRB- a bonus in my opinion -RRB- . ________________________________________ Pros ________________________________________ * Shelf-life is quite long * Sturdy , even after repeated use they hold up * Non-movement limiting , put it around neck and off you go * Good complete neck contact , conforms well -LRB- as designed -RRB- * Reasonably priced considering quality * Unlike Ace and others , the outer sleeve is permanently attached ________________________________________ Cons ________________________________________ * Warms up and cools down too quickly compared to other brands * Can be uncomfortable for those with shorter necks * Unlike Ace and others can not be purchased in any store -LRB- no running to Walgreens or Wal-Mart -RRB- * Unlike Ace and others , the outer sleeve is permanently attached -LRB- some may see this as a con , I do not -RRB- ________________________________________ I hope this review helps and that the ice packs provide you as much comforts as they have for me .
 I have 2 herniated disks in my neck . I have good days and bad days . There are times when I take some pretty powerful pain medicine and I still ca n't sleep . The elasto-gel collar feels so good on my neck I am able to fall asleep . I love it so much I am ordering two more today . I have other cold packs but this is really soft and conforms to your neck . I also like the fact that I do n't have to lay down to use it . Being able to velcro it around my neck still allows me to get things done around the house .
 I PURCHASED THE COLLAR FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO HAS SEVERE NECK AND SHOULDER PAINSHE WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT AND HAS USED IT ON SEVERAL OCCASIONS
 Product is as good as the ad . Great shape for neck and between the shoulders . Easy to use for heat or cold -LRB- I 've tried both -RRB- and conforms to the application site even when frozen because it remains pliable , unlike other gel packs that freeze solid . I highly recommend it !
 Great product . When put in the freezer , the gel stays flexible and comfortable to wear and retains cold without giving you freezer burn . When warmed in the microwave , it retains heat and is very soothing . It 's comfortable enough just to wear for support without freezing or heating . I like the way it covers the entire neck and extends down to between the shoulders .
 I 've had mine for about a year . Its large size , considerable weight and thickness , together with the large velcro strap , make it easy to fasten securely around my neck with good contact on the upper back and neck . I use it over a thin summer shirt , or under a heavier winter shirt . I also use it at bedtime , lying on my back with the pad between me and the pillow . This has been a particularly marvelous remedy for tense muscles in my upper back and neck . As other reviewers have noted , it is a little tricky microwaving it to just the right temperature , and it does n't stay warm an extremely long time -- but these are very minor points in comparison with the strengths of this excellent product . My experience says this one is worth the money , and I have no hesitation in recommending it .
 I have had neck pain for a long time and have used ice packs and heating pads on and off . This product is very high quality and works well , because it holds tight to the place that you need it most . It does n't hold cold/heat for an extraordinary amount of time -LRB- I do n't ever use heat , but it stays cold for about a half hour -RRB- , but it is well worth it .
 My physical therapist suggested the collar as part of my rotator cup rehabilitation therapy . It fits nicely over the shoulder and is effective in reducing swelling after exercize . It includes a freezer storage bag that makes it convenient to have ready for use .
 I really love this item . It heats and cools very well . It wraps around your neck and goes down your spine a little , so you get an overall feel of relief in your shoulders and neck . I also love that it wraps around to work on your collarbone . The gel is neat too ! Very flexible .
 I love the softness of the cool gel on my neck . The pack stays cool for approximately 20 minutes , which is perfect , then refreeze . The only thing that I dislike is the cover which shifts around , I do n't know the remedy for that . The pros definetly outway the cons . My 4 year old loves to sleep with my gel pack ?? Crazy , we fight for it each night . Thanks .
 I generally ice my hip before sleep , and i find the elastogel cervical collar to be very useful for this purpose . Soft and flexible , it molds well to any inflamed or painful area . A friend suggested it to me , and hers has lasted many years ! She also uses it hot at times , but i 'm a fan of cold .
 I have used this ever since I injured my neck in a car accident . It is great b/c it conforms around the neck & also heats the upper shoulders a little bit . I have only used it for heating , and it stays warm enought for at least 20 minutes , which is the recommended heating time from my physical therapist . I would highly recommend this product .
 the colors are a nice change of pace and the price ca n't be beat . I thought there would be more colors than just green , red and yellow .
 I got this for a friend who was very exicted ... It came perfect . It made a perfect Christmas present ; It fit his Lamax buidlings perfectly .
 We have bought this item in Singapore for our child and we realized that his health has improved tremendously . His resistance to the common cold is much better and does not have to rely on antibiotics . Since the item is produced in USA , we thought we might as well buy from its original source . Bingo ... it was exactly what we have and want ! Thanks and we will continue to order more .
 I use the product to treat my cat for a gum disorder . I mix it with plain nonfat yogurt and he begs for it with loud meows every morning until I present him with his breakfast . It tastes wonderful and really helps his condition !
 My oldest daughter is an extremely picky eater and wo n't eat fruit or juice at all so vitamins supplements are essential for her health . She also wo n't take the chewable tablets or the gummies but she will take this . If you have a picky eater , I highly recommend this product . My only complaint is that I wish the bottle were bigger as it only last us a month and then I have to reorder . Have started ordering several at once to save on shipping .
 Very good Brand.My kids love the taste . We use this brand for a few years along with other vitamins
 He slurps it down so it must taste great . He 's only taken a few doses , so I ca n't say wether it decreases frequency of sicknesses .
 I use it for my guinea pigs ! Great water additive . They seem to like it . % % % & & & *** ### @@@@ ~ ~ ~
 Very good Brand.My kids love the taste . We use this brand for a few years along with other vitamins
 GOOOOD stuff . You can mix it in their juice , water etc. or give it to them on a spoon with out a fight . That says a lot when my oldest Son is a very picky eater . Wish they had a larger bottle for sale . Bottle lasted my 2 boys 3 weeks
 great taste and easy to store.My son will drink this plan form a teaspoon . we use during colld/flu season
 Give this to my 11 month old everyday . She seems to like the taste and I have noticed some improvement frequency of colds .
 We used this since my daughter was 2 year old . At that time , she can not take OTC cold or cough medicine . Whenever she feels to have cold , we give it to her before bed or in the morning , then it seems it boost her immune system , and she feel much better and get over cold like symptom . It does not work every time -LRB- of course she caught a cold sometimes even she take this -RRB- but overall I think this is good to prevent cold for little kids .
 Superior protection for bedding . Nice and big - fits under adult size very nicely . Keeps everything dry . Top is soft and it washes and dries very well . Purchased 2 , and am very happy with them .
 I put this under my elderly cat 's litter box because she was peeing on the floor . It perfectly protected the floor and was easy to clean and dried quickly in the drier . It was slow to dry hanging on the line , due to the plastic liner . I ca n't imagine sleeping on it but it was great for my wood floors .
 This item has been wonderful for out family . We have a disabled adult who isincontinent and this has save me having to wash the bottom sheet and mattresscover every day . Good size . Only complaint is that it slides on the bed.I would still recommend it .
 So many of these products SAY you can wash and dry them but then they leak . These are awesome . I have put mine through hundreds of wash/dry cycles and they are still so waterproof that you have to be sure all the water spins out before you pop them into the dryer.I actually use them as easy-on/easy-off mattress protectors UNDER the sheet . I think if you lie pretty still they would likely stay put on TOP of the sheet , but I have a restless child so we keep them underneath . One fits up and down on a twin , and we have two , side by side on her queen . We also have two side by side on our king since she often falls asleep there , but they do n't go all the way to the edges of the bed on the king so that is a bit uncomfortable if you 're sleeping near the edge . It 's still such an easy way to be able to pop off the fitted sheet and replace the wet pad if there 's ever an accident . Also , my husband sweats with most waterproof mattress protectors , but not these . Do n't know how they do it , but since it 's working I keep using them .
 This item has certainly saved my daughter 's mattress from getting ruined . She is a two year old going through potty training and have had a few accidents along the way . The Priva Ultra Plus has certainly stopped any accidents from going through . I 've also washed it a few times and its still in great shape . Happy with this item .
 My daughter is being potty trained and we NEEDED mattress protection for those oops nights and let 's just say this product does the trick . She has a twin size mattress and it covers well over half the bed . It can be washed and still works fine . I highly recommend it will be a big stress reliever.n
 Good quality sheet for awesome price . Its a big sheet 34X52 . It got tested next day I received . We loved it .
 This works on a bed , couch , or chair . It washes well . It does not bunch up . It is small enough to pack if you need to take it with you .
 We bought two of these to use in a toddlers bed . I think it 's hot - my son gets kind of sweaty from sleeping on it , do n't think we 'll be able to use it during the summer - and it does n't stay put as well as I hoped it would . With that being said , he does n't seem to mind either of the above issues , and because I bought two one can go in the wash while the clean one is on the bed and I do n't have to wash the sheets and remake the bed several times a week .
 I do n't often write reviews but this protector is the best one I 've ordered and offers great coverage . We have a 2 year old that travels all over his twin bed during the night . The size of this protector is excellent and quite often saves Mom from having to change the mattress pad cover . Buy 2 or 3 . Many of the other options are simply not big enough if you have a child that moves a lot during the night . This one is also the highest quality of the few options I tried through Amazon .
 I bought 6 sheets more than a year ago -LRB- I have 3 kids -RRB- . After so many war time I can say that this product works perfectly : - easy to put in place - easy to change overnight -LRB- if a non-expected leak happens -RRB- - easy to laundry -LRB- after 1 year in wash machines it 's still ready for work -RRB- It was also a great acquisition for every travel with the kids since it 's very acceptable in terms of size/weight . Great product . Go for it with no hesitation
 If you are parent to a child who is n't trained to wake up in the middle of the night and pee in the toilet , this will probably be a life-saver . The size is large enough to cover the sleeping area of my large 3-yr-old son -LRB- he 's about the height of a 5 yr-old -RRB- . My son wees in his sleep , and sometimes the diapers leak , so this has saved a lot of laundry for me . It protects the mattress , and it 's much more manageable to launder than all the bed sheets .
 Perfect for my grandson who is 3 . He had one nightime accident and it was simple to just take it off with the sheets and throw in washer . Also , I like this better than the disposable pads because it does n't &#34; rattle &#34; as he moves around on it . It 's under the sheets and he does n't feel it or hear it .
 THE PRODUCT IS LARGER THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE . IT WORKS WELL AND COSTS THE SAME AS A SMALLER PRODUCT I HAD PURCHASED BEFORE . NO MORE WET BEDS , EVEN WITH TOSSING AND TURNING IN THE NIGHT !!
 I appreciate the size of this protector , as it makes it suitable for use on a larger bed and prevents shifting . The pad itself is very plain and backed in polyester . It certainly guarantees that any accident will not reach the mattress . We machine wash and dry it after every use . If accidents are frequent , I recommend buying multiple pads -- certainly two at the minimum .
 This sheet protector is big enough to not move around overnight . I use one underneath my son 's bed sheets and use one on the top . MUCH less laundry with this system and his mattress is always protected . I am buying a 3rd one for use when the top one needs to be laundered or for use as an easy one to grab when we travel to hotels or Grandma 's house . A GREAT product and I have 4 other kinds and none work as well !
 The 34 '' x 52 '' white protector is very absorbent yet comfortable . Our bed is two xtra long twin beds put together to make a regular king bed . Because it is easier to put on the bed , I use a regular king sized fitted sheet . My husband has some incontinence issues so I fold a king sheet in half , lengthwide , and place it as the first layer of bedclothes my husband covers up with at night . Above that level I make our bed as I usually do with an additional sheet , blanket and quilt . However , with the sheets pulled back I put one Priva pad the length of where my husband sleeps and put 2 pads across the bed , from one side to the other . Because there is nothing holding them in place I use clear strapping tape -LSB- shipping tape -RSB- to hold the two pads together by overlapping about 1 inch in the center of the bed , resulting in a secure bed pad coverage . I not only go the length of the two pads , with the tape , but cross the center line 3 times and there is seldom a problem and I 've never had to change both pads across the center due to incontinence . The one under my husband proves to be very adequate . The tape does not cause either of us irritation -LSB- or aggravation -RSB- .
 My son stopped bedwetting . All thanks to the Chummie alarm CHUMMIE Premium Bedwetting Alarm with selectable tones , volume and vibration - Blue . This product works so well that it has stopped my son from wetting at night in just 5 weeks!Unfortunately they do n't have the blue color available anymore , but the pink color is here for your daughters . CHUMMIE Premium Bedwetting Alarm -LRB- Pink -RRB- with selectable tones , volume and vibration - BIG RESULTS IN A SMALL BOXDo n't get me wrong , these bedpads are great , but they DO NOT stop bedwetting . Chummie is the only product that worked for my son . I strongly suggest that you take a look at it .
 Before purchasing the Priva Ultra Plus sheet protector , my husband I would use garbage bags and old beach towels after nights of heavy partying . It worked okay but sometimes the towel would get bunched up and the pee would leak through to the mattress . This was especially a problem since we have a tempur-pedic mattress which soaks up your pee like a sponge . We were also sick of the crunchy noises the garbage bags would make during the night . Now we just put down the priva mattress before going out and no worries in the morning ! If you are in a situation with simultaneous night-peers like us , I would recommend purchasing his and hers sheet protectors .
 I used this product for my two year old boy on his bed . It covers more area than the regular baby bed pad . It works very well and it 's not as hevay as the one in the hospital . Good product .
 I have an adult child with developmental disabilities who is totally incontinent . I have 4 of these pads and they get washed at least daily , sometimes 2-3 times a day ! They wash and dry nicely . I am always so happy every time I put it on her bed . It has saved me a ton of washing !! Even after being washed hundreds of times , it still does not leak through to her bedding.I HIGHLY recommend this bed pad !
 Received as described and great quality product . I 've had three outpatient surgeries for Kidney stones over the past 6 weeks and have been sweating and leaking at night like crazy at home between surgeries . My wife was changing the sheets and washing them every day . We purchased 3 of thesse pads and now she just washes them every three days .
 I purchased this pad in September 2010 for my father , who has dementia and lives with us . He is increasingly incontenant and wears Depends to bed , but consistantly overflows them . The smaller pads I had from my kids as babies were not large enough . This pad is awesome , very large , and contains the liquid . It has saved me many loads of laundry . I immediately purchased another , and may be buying a third soon just to have extra on hand . If you have a bed to protect , or wish to cut down on laundry due to accidents , this is the one to buy !
 As an 87 year old caregiver to my 81 year old dementia wife , I am continually looking for things to make our lives easier and this product is a big help . . We have 2 of them and keep washing and switching and they are holding up fine . . I highly recommend this item
 Bought two of theese to protect an Ikea Junior sized mattress . Is a tiny bit short , but does the job perfectly . I like the quality of the sheet , and my daughter does n't seem to be bothered by it either . I have a regular sheet on top of it .
 I was VERY pleased by the quick turn-around from the time I ordered from Amazon to when I received my order . THANKS!The matress pads I ordered were better than what I purchased at the local store but not as thick as a friend had loaned to our mother-in-law ... I think she said hers was `` hospital '' quality ... thicker with a blue background . I really liked the size of the pad that covered a twin bed very nicely !
 my wife was bed ridden and the caregivers had to change it and wash them over and over . held up well .
 I bought one to try and then bought 2 more to rotate in use . I use them for my mom for both incontinence and also instead of a draw sheet to lift her . It also adds another layer between her and plastic air support mattress . I would recommend this product .
 This product is by far the best bed pad that I 've ever pruchased . The size is appropriate for a bed . It 's very absorbent as well as soft . I highly recommend it for anyone caring for an aging parent or raising special needs children . This pad has saved me from washing sheets on a daily basis !
 Love this sheet protector . It basically fits the whole toddler size mattress and wide enough to tuck into sides to keep in place . In the beginning had to wash almost every morning and it is still in great condition . Nice and thick sheets never get wet .
 Great price , large size protects mattress and sheets for bariatric -LRB- plus size -RRB- adult . Makes clean ups a lot easier and a lot less changing of the sheets .
 This product does a good job at protecting the mattress ; however it gets hot to sleep on . It leads me to sweat and wake up hot , yet it protects the mattress .
 These sheet protectors are exactly what I was looking for
 Rec 'd the above -LRB- title -RRB- and 3 34x36 of the Priva Plus in my order . I ordered 3 of theAmericare Ultra Waterproof Sheet Protector , 34 '' x 36 '' , White to see if there was a comparabledifference , quality etc. . Being that I had previously ordered Americare , also by Priva I amhappy to review they are 1 in the same both 4 qualility and price ! :-RRB- -RRB- The 34x52 too large for my purposes . I will continue ordering either one .
 This is a great sheet protector , well made and durable , stands up to regular washing not delicate . Thicker than protectors sold at discount chains , does what it claims.Update - after about 1 and 1/2 years this is still going strong with no real signs of wear , the only thing worn is the tag after washing almost daily . Would give this six stars , very good product .
 I used it for my son for four months already.It does stand the washing machine , and is still waterproof.It can absorb lot of liquid.The only problem is that it is does not cover the entire bed , so it is only partial protection.I now use it over my luna bed cover , so if my son wets the bed in the middle of the night , I can take out this one , and still has Luna there . ============= Review after one year of use = = = = = = = I bought two more sets of this sheet protector.Is the ONLY one that really stays waterproof.I also bought others 2 sets of LUNA , and they stopped being waterproof after few months of everyday wash.My son is autistic and he wets bed almost every night.Now I have 3 sets of this protector and it is a peace of mind because no matter how many washes , they stay waterproof.I still use it over the LUNA protector , and underneath the LUNA I have another plastic , because LUNA is no longer waterproof after many washes .
 Purchased for elderly family member . This protector works very well and absorbs a lot of liquid . There have been times when they have gotten up in the mornings soaked but the protector kept the bed dry .
 These sheet protectors are great . I love the larger size and have ordered many for use with my elder parent 's care . I recently purchased three more for use with my puppy . I put them on the couch when I want her to lay beside me ; line her portable kennel when I 'm in the car etc. . Just love them . They wash great and relieve the worry about accidents in all the wrong places .
 This waterproof sheet protector really protects bedsheet from wetness . I need it to protect the sheets on my Mother 's bed during the night . It keeps her sheet dry if she has an accident and because it is so large , it prevents wetness from spreading across her bed .
 GREAT PRODUCT DOES VERY WELL IN THE LAUNDRY WELL MADE DOES NOT BUNCH UP OR WRINKLE ...
 we bought this one along with the smaller mint one from the same people as a two pack . This one though was really too large for what we needed though i guess if someone has a big mess then this would be great . It does do its job though .
 Good size waterproof pad at a good price . It stays flat on the bed , is comfortable and washes very well . I will purchase another .
 I ordered three of these for my mother who has severe incontinence which leaks through diapers and these have been through the mill . I rotate them but each one is washed on sanitize cycle and dried on hot at least once every 3 days and ocassionally bleached if a fecal accident which does ocassionally occur . I am impressed . Unlike others we have bought they did not shrink in a differential manner and lay flat without separation of the bottom material . I am sure they will wear out but so far going strong .
 I bought this to help me out with potty training my 3 year old son . It is so much better only having to wash this pad instead of the entire bed when he has accidents . Love it !
 I 'm very pleased with this product . Must be totally saturated at the edge for any leaks to occur . Have been washed and dried on gentle cycle . I came back to order three more .
 Having an incontinent rescue dog and carpeting made a waterproof pad a must . Pooch Pad brand pads are extremely expensive and these do the same thing . Stands up well to washing and drying . Love the large size , too !
 Perfect for my almost potty trained child ! We use these at night . In case of an accident , we just take it off the bed , put a fresh one on and go back to sleep . It is much easier than changing sheets in the middle of the night . Great size and quality .
 We use this product for incontinence protection of a bed . It is washed daily , has held up well , and does a great job protecting the bed .
 I bought this sheet protector for our bed since I am co-sleeping with my baby and do not want any leaks onto the matress . I actually put it underneath the sheet and I have n't had any issue with it moving . It does get pretty crumpled up when it is in the dryer , so it takes a little effort to flatten it out , but it really is n't issue enough to look for another option . Overall , I am really happy with this product !
 I bought these for my mother , who sometimes does n't get to the bathroom in time at night . She needs a hip and a knee replacement so she ca n't move that fast or change the sheets by herself . I frequently go out of town so I am not always there to help her , but this product has made both of our lives a lot easier . It is wide enough to span across most of her queen-sized mattress and does a pretty good job of staying in place . It also does n't rustle like my mom 's previous mattress pad did , and it is soft to the touch . It is also manageable enough for her to change it herself . I bought two so she would always have a clean one on hand.It does bunch up a little , but my mom does n't move around in her sleep a lot so it really is n't much of a problem . But , if someone is an active sleeper , I can see where there would be a problem . Overall , though , this product has given us both a lot of peace of mind and I am so happy that Amazon had it in stock and was able to get it to me quickly .
 These sheets protectors , while half again more expensive than a similar product at Walmart , are many times more effective . Larger , much more absorbent , heavier duty backing that holds up better to repeated laundering . If you need a sheet protector , these are definitely the way to go .
 My young daughter has special needs and I bought two of these pads years ago to use in her bed . They have each been machine washed and thrown in the dryer at least 2x a week for all those years and they are just now starting to show signs of wear on the quilted side . The seams have never come loose or started to fray . The waterproof side has never warped , cracked , gotten stiff , or developed leaks . It is amazing ! I was looking for replacements and can verify that the Amazon price beats any I have seen through any medical supply company . I highly recommend this product and this price .
 Priva Ultra Plus Waterproof Sheet Protector , WhiteI bought some of these sheet protectors for my 90 year old mother who lives in an assisted living home . They are wonderful and very absorbant . After the first night she said she never had such a good nights sleep ... very comfortable and no worries about an `` accident . ''
 I bought this for my son in addition to the bed wetting system . I was pleasantly surprised at it 's size and how easy it is to wash . O highly recommend this product
 My two-year-old milk-lover 's diaper often leaks overnight , so I tried this Priva Ultra Plus Waterproof Sheet Protector , and the Blue Max waterproof bed pad . I put them under the sheet , and wash & dry them with the sheets . Both have been washed and dried about half a dozen times , and still look new . The only drawback I 've noticed is that they do n't stay perfectly flat against the mattress , but they 're pretty close . I wanted a couple more , and I chose this one instead of the Blue Max , because of it 's longer length . This longer pad comes to within a foot of the head and foot of the bed . Both are a good width for a twin bed . If you were buying this for an adult , the extra length might not matter as much as it does for a toddler who moves all around the bed .
 This was purchased for our invalid son who sometimes have accidents at night . They are big enough to put across the bed so as not to bunch up when he sleeps . This is a wonderful product . I would certainly buy this pad again when needed .
 Bought 2 for my G-MA 10x 's BETTER than anything I 've seen & I could ` nt find better price . ALL the others were 2x 's the price . Will be purchasing more soon . : -RRB-
 I purchased the Priva Ultar waterproof pad as a protection on my sofa . It covers 2 of the 3 cushions . My spouse has medical issues and I decided an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . The Priva Ultra Plus pad is very well made . Also , it is larger than others I purchased .
 Pros : Covers large areaDoes n't move aroundMachine washableHolds-up to many , many washingsCons : Gets a little `` rough '' and stiff with many washingsWe 've gone through about three or four different products and this is the best thus far .
 These are large and work great . big for my son but perfect for an adult .
 My 13 daughter has only one kidney and has issues with bladder control . When I purchased her a new bed , she was worried that she would soil her mattress and stain it . I purchased 2 of the Preva pads initally just to see how well they would stand up . I must say these are by far the best pads ever ! She does not have bunching problems that you hear about from other pads . They are very durable and wash well . We even use regular bleach in the wash with them and it is no problem ! I purchased 2 in April 2009 and I just made another purchase and got her 3 more ! Now she has enough to last her 5 days should the laundry get backed up , lol ! She feels very safe and comfortable every night ! I highly recommend this product !
 This excellent underpad is waterproof , holds up to repeated washings , makes an effective lifting aid and has generous coverage . This out shines any other pad we have tried , including the ones in the hospital .
 I use this pad as an indoor potty for my Havanese dog . It works perfectly . She goes outside 98 % of the time , but if it 's raining or snowing , forget it . We leave it in the foyer by the front door . If she has to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night , she goes downstairs on her own and does what she needs to do . Next morning we we flush what needs to be flushed and then put it in the washing machine . I 'm glad I thought of it . The grass potties were expensive , small , and too much work .
 Keeps the bed dry , is big enough to cover where accidents might occur . Has withstood many washed for us and our growing family of 4 boys !
 It is wonderful for those with toddlers being potty trained.My toddler smtimes falls asleep anywhere in the house and i have to slip it under to absorb any accidents .
 Was perfect for our needs . Quality and durability are supurb . The sizing is a huge plus . I actually came back and bought a second one .
 got these for my grandson who has an accident once in a while . they work great . as usual thank you amazon
 We have several waterproof pads . They are all too small , except this one . I could even use 6 more inches to tuck on both sides . But , at least this one stays in place .
 Works great for having my new family member sleep in bed with me -LRB- a 3 month old Shih Tzu -RRB- . She rarely wets it , but it is nice to know my bed is protected until she is fully trained -LRB- or she has ME fully trained -RRB- .
 A must buy for potty training !!! I used this for my son whom I am potty training and saved myself a headache of washing his bedding every night it is comfortable nice and soft and absorbes a lot !!
 These are used on my 12 year old grandsons twin sized bed ... I 've now had them for well over a year . They are washed every 2 to 4 days -LRB- not sure exactly since I purchased 4 of them , and all four are used.I just now measured them and they measure 47and 3/4 inch by 32 and 1/4 inch.So that 's how much shrinkage can be expected with a fair amount of washings . * They have only been washed in cold water , I have the hot water valve to my washer turned off .
 I was concerned that this might leak around the edges , but this works great . It washes easily and looks great .
 Much more comfortable than regular `` rubber sheets . Larger than many competitors and much more absorbent . Protects sheets , mattress pad and mattress better than most and does not bunch up overnight . Excellent choice and worth every penny .
 Love it ! I put it right on top of my daughter 's full size bed sheet . It will move around if you are a restless sleeper . I put one under my son 's twin sheets . I purchased 3 already . Have a spare one incase of accident . Put it right in washing machine . I line dry it mostly hoping it would last longer . Still in good condition .
 These are the best sheet protectors I have found yet and the least expensive . I have bought many others for much more . But after a few washing they seem to not be as absorbent and soft . These new ones are great . They have been washed many times and are holding up great .
 I got this for my son when he moved to a big bed , it certainly does the trick so I am pleased . I 've found that it does pill when washed though , which makes it unpleasant looking . Even so , I am back to buy another for my youngest -- it works !
 I love this product because it 's big enough to fit the wideth of both a full and a queen bed . It 's easy to wash and stays in place on the bed.The only compliant I have is that it 's makes the bed a little hot for the kids . . so in the summer time they get a little sweaty from this pad , but it 's great for the winter and cold months .
 My husband and I have been very pleased with this pad . It washes well and holds up . It can hold a lot of liquid , throw-up , pee , etc. without ever going through . We wish we could find a full mattress cover that we are as happy with as this pad . It is a tremendous value considering it 's quality and durability - and , we have put it through about everything !
 This is big enough to fit my son 's full-size bed and absorbs a LOT of liquid ! Sometimes I forget to check and he might pee on it two nights in a row and it still works very well !!
 bought Priva Ultra waterproof sheet protector use it for my elderly mom of 92 with a strokes just pick up the sheet protectors to move her from side to side in the bed . Also have used them for my 16 yrs old sheltie , when he could n't get up fast enought to go outside to potty . They wash and still look new . . love them
 I use this product under my toddler 's bed sheets . It 's large and absorbs any wetness that occurs , saving the mattress . I have used it for several months now and am very happy with it .
 I never write reviews , but this thing is awesome . I have a male siamese cat , and when he gets stressed he pees on my bed . Gross , right ? And very hard to clean up . So , I bought one of these , and laid it across my bed for a couple weeks . I am moving so the stress was building , and it happened , and the blanket was PERFECT !
 I do n't know why I never ordered one of these before . I have a 4 year old who still wets her bed at night time so having to wash her bed sheets plus the waterproof mattress cover everyday was too much for me . When I found this , I saw a lot of reviews of other parents using this product on their kids since it does have the absorbency it claims to be . And I do n't regret having to order 2 !!! Now , the only things I wash are this Priva product , her blanket , and her clothes . And changing it is a cinch ! Just remove and replace it with another Priva . And this product does stay put after all the movements that my daughter does . And I love the feel of quilt , it does n't feel so plastic and make sleeping so comfortable for her . You got ta try it !
 I do n't understand the reviews that say this pad is not waterproof . I use this with my six year old son who has accidents at night . We recently adopted him and was using pull-ups at night which did nothing to teach him to hold his pee through the night . He 's wet himself several times since using the pad . I found the pad had completely absorbed the moisture and kept the rest of the bed dry , even the top sheets . However , his jammies were wet and he was uncomfortable . After a few accidents , he started having converstations with me at bed time about how he was going to wake up dry . This is exactly what I was hoping for and now he 's having more and more dry nights and I have a very confident and happy boy . He 's even telling me he does n't need the soaker pad any more . We let him go to bed without it and after he falls asleep , slip it back under him . Then in the morning I take it away , giving him extra confidence that he can do it . One last comment , cleanup is a breeze - I pull him out of bed , take off wet jammies , quick shower , new jammies , back in bed and soaker pad is thrown in washing machine ready for another night .
 All I can say is that this is the best waterproof pad I 've tried , and I have tried a few ! It holds a lot of liquid and has not gone through to the mattress at all !
 I first bought one of these pads and returned for 3 more as I need to keep changing , washing , and drying them constantly . I 'm using them for my 5 year-old son who is still learning to keep dry throughout the night and does n't want to wear diapers anymore . They do absorb well so I have n't had to change the sheets since I got them . The only inconvenience is the pad is not long enough to tuck under the mattress and does NOT stay put -LRB- that 's why the 4 stars -RRB- . Fortunately , I discovered some ` sheet smoothers ' at Bed , Bath & Beyond the other day -- I looked for them here on Amazon to complete my review : Sheet Suspender keep all sheets smooth & tight on any bed!I put the elastic bands across the mattress , underneath it and above the base -LRB- box spring equivalent -RRB- , so all I have to do is clip the pad on each side of the bed and problem solved . They now stay put , no wrinkling , no crumpling , they just work perfectly . Changing the pad is very easy , just unclip the soiled one and clip a clean one.The package does say that this product is not intended for 12 year-olds or younger , but with the pad securely fastened I can not imagine why it would be unsafe for a ` big ' kid .
 I have a 15 year old cat that has become incontinent while sleeping -LRB- we are just starting oral incontinence remedies -RRB- . She really wants to be around us and we do n't want to confine her to another room . I bought these to protect our comforters and it 's working out . They do keep you a bit warm in the bed though you may have to start using thinner blankets . I 'd suggest attaching some snaps without penetrating the barrier on the other side to attach them each other for best protection . The can slide a bit during the night.I have washed and dried these pads many times and they are holding up well.If want more comforter protection try the Bedwetting store they sell waterproof duvets which I will use in conjuction with these . Whether your incontinent pet sleeps with you , on your couch or you want to protect their bed this is an economic alternative to buying puppy pads . These give far more coverage for the area you are trying to protect .
 Our 7 year old son continues to soak his bed 3 to 4 times a week , did I mention this is through a good night pull-up ? I got very tired of stripping his bed and doing all of the bedding . I tried this pad and was sold the first night . Since my son must roll around in the night , I put it across his bed so it stays in place . It really did change my life and I will buy more for the bunk beds in our cabin .
 Thick and soft . Using on dog beds after Steriod based meds led to temporary canine incontinence . Works amazingly well . Far superior to similar products I 've tried .
 I looked everywhere locally and online for a generously sized waterproof sheet protector but could n't find what I needed . Size was the big issue - either too small or too big -LRB- full bed size -RRB- . This product was exactly what I needed . It did n't leak , washed and dried well , stayed in place on the bed and was n't `` noisy '' or uncomfortable for sleeping . I do n't know if the price was good or not , but it seemed reasonable to me for what turned out to be a very satisfactory product .
 I purchased this sheet protector for my mother who wanted something over her sheets at night because she was afraid of having an accident . This is a good size . The picture is accurate and my mother is tall 5 ' 9 '' .
 I purchased this liner to protect the mattress while my kids are working on night potty training . It is great . When my kids have an accident , it captures all of the pee without leakage . It is also wide and long enough so that when the kids move around a lot during sleep it is still under them . I had previously ordered other liners , but this one is superior -LRB- in terms of size and leakage -RRB- . A great product I wholeheartedly recommend .
 Just what I wanted . Did n't want any uncomfortable plastic . Soft and durable . Bought two for when one is in the wash .
 I purchased these sheet protectors to place on the back of my mini sofa and it 's matching ottoman . Works great . Keeps the stains and smell off the furniture . These covers have been washed several times , once inadvertently in hot water and high dryer heat . They 're holding up really well .
 Does a great job and it covers much of the area my husband needs . It is a life saver . Not much more can be said except it works .
 As described -- works welli use it for my 2.5 year old daughter who recently started sleeping without a diaper . she does not complain about how it feels under her and the 2-3 times she has pee'ed in the night , it has absorbed all the pee and was easy to wash afterwards .
 We purchased this item for a family member who must spend long periods of time in bed . These help to keep her linens clean . It is also large enough and strong enough to use as as draw sheet for repositioning the person . I had purchased a similar product earlier this year , but these are much larger and better meet our needs . I would highly recommend this product in this size .
 It just does not leak . No kidding ! And its nice big size means it covers almost all the sleeping area my toddler lays on -LRB- and it is soft enough to sleep on . -RRB- I bought two and always keep a clean one waiting for middle of the night accidents . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I got this at the end of my pregnancy -LRB- in case my water broke while sleeping -RRB- and then postpartum for night sweats . It is an excellent and very waterpoof pad . Also it is super soft and you ca n't even tell that it is there .
 good product i use for my elderly father at home , vacation home and sitter , i ordered total of six product , two for each house . Works like a charm , easy to launder , keeps sheets beneath dry and clean . Truly needed for incontinence .
 perfect for my elderly cat . . i leave over my nice bedding and when she had an accident it contained it perfectly
 I am night training my toddler - this pad worked great ! I use a waterproof mattress cover and then put the sheet on - then use this pad for in case of an accident so that all I have to remove is this sheet protector - yet the mattress still protected in case of another accident in the night.Genius ! ; -RRB-
 We 've bought three of these now , very happy with them . They are soft quilted cottony on one side and waterproof on the underside . They do n't rustle , and lay flat once you smooth it out . They wash very well , and retain no urine odor . I think these are a great value .
 Bought these for my 3-1/2 year old who is potty training at night . I love that they are washable and dryable . The material is very durable - heavy , which lies flat on the bed and will not likely roll , the backing will stick to most sheets so it does n't slide when she moves . She did n't even realize it was there the first night . She woke up telling us she wet her bed . Her pajamas were wet , but the bed was dry ! Even the mattress protector ! It absorbed the liquid , amazing !
 Kiddo is nearly 2 and prone to diaper leaks in the middle of the night and just barely potty training . These are wonderful . We cosleep and one of these under her side of the bed lets me quickly change her area if it happens . It also makes mornings much nicer if it happens even after I change her in the middle of the night . It 's a quick change and I do n't have to worry about leaks on the tempurpedic ! She also has reflux and can be prone on bad days to throwing up . This has held up very well to multiple washings and sanitizings . Which is why I came back for more . We also use these on the spare bed where we change her during the day and it is a great preventative . She tends to sleep hot and this does n't seem to bother her at all . It 's a good size too so I do n't have to worry if she rolls closer to me to snuggle that she 'll be off the pad . Highly recommended .
 I bought 4 of these pads for an incontinent dog . I am so glad I looked at the reviews and decided to buy . These are GREAT ! Yesterday one of my dogs came in the house after swimming in the pool . He made a beeline for my leather couch . I just happened to have one of these pads nearby and I grabbed it and put it on the couch just in time . My dog was dripping wet and he leaped on to the couch with the pad . I took him outside and checked my couch . BONE DRY ! I am so impressed . They wash and dry easily . No mess . These pads make life easier . Thank you for your excellent product . I just bought 4 more .
 I have finally found the perfect pad at the perfect price ! This stays in place , covers a good portion of the bed , and does n't let anything leak through . Plus , it 's a lot less bulky in the machine then full mattress pads . It 's also very soft , and easy enough to rest on without a sheet , if you choose . I put my sheet over it , but hardly can tell it 's there . I 'm going to order more !
 Was very pleased with the size of the sheet protector ... it 's great for a twin bed . It 's very soft and washable . I was glad I read the other reviews because that is why I bought this one and I 'm not disappointed .
 It works like a charm . And saves me from having to wash the sheets more than necessary !
 Bought it for my paraplegic mother . We were tired of using your run of the mill smaller sheet protectors - this one is wonderful and just the right size when you use it width-wise . Makes moving mom in bed easy . Price was reasonable too !
 I have really liked the quality and the PRICE of these pads . Have bought them for my Mother and paid at least double the price . I feel that the quality is great and love the price .
 THIS A VERY GOOD PAD > I LOVED IT IBOUGHT 4 OF THEM ALSO GREAT $ $ $
 This is a very well made pad and it is just the right size to protect the bed and it aids in moving the patient perfectly .
 I was very pleasantly surprised with the size and quality of this product . The cost was also reasonable which is great in these economic times . Unfortunately , you ca n't control when a pet becomes incontinent and that is what I 'm using this product for . I would highly recommend this product . In fact , I think I 'm going to purchase some more to use around the house .
 This is really good product . I leave my child on it w/o diaper to get some air flow ... its a great waterproof cover ... Love it . . WOuld highly recommend
 This is a wonderful bed protector pad . It 's very large , very sturdy and washes/dries well . I can see it lasting a long , long time . It can be used lengthwise on a twin bed or across a full bed , for complete coverage .
 Have n't tried it 's absorbancy yet , but like the feel and weight . Tried to purchase a smaller pad that was in a print fabric for girls and/or boys that my grandchildren liked to put in their bed for protection . This one is serviceable but not as cute .
 This pad works just like it says . My son has night time potty problems and has used it for 2 yrs and it works great since its large enough not to get bunched up when he rolls around at night and it stays put better then the other one i have . This one has a rubber/plastic bottom side to help keep it in place and to keep the bed dry underneath . Its also easy to take off and wash and you do n't have to change the entire bed . Worth the buy .
 My little girl has been having trouble with bed wetting lately and I just could n't stand seeing her ruin her mattress . I bought 2 of these -LRB- one for a backup when the other may be in the wash -RRB- and they 're doing exactly what they should be doing - keeping the bed dry ! The `` noise '' was n't a problem and after several washes , you ca n't hear the crinkles anymore when she gets on it . My daughter never complained about it sliding around on her , and we always found it just where it should be when we get her up in the morning even though she moves around a lot as she sleeps .
 This is a dependable , washable pad that you will find useful for babies , seniors , overnight visitors , and numerous other reasons . The large size is ideal to lay across a couch , bed , or recliner . Try it , and I guarentee , you will buy a second one to keep on hand .
 I was looking for a way to provide protection for my bedding . These pads do a great job and are easy to wash and maintain . I decided on this size so that I would n't have to worry about tossing and turning at night . I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a way to provide extra protection for the rest of your bedding .
 These are so wonderful I had a smaller pad but it never seemed to be where it was needed . I bought 3 of these originally and was very pleased . I ended up buying a fourth last week and boy am I glad . I used 3 last night in the past that would 've meant I had 3 sets of bed sheets waiting for me in the morning . Obviously it was a bad night but I did n't need to change the sheets until morning .
 This product has saved my sanity . I have 3 children who all tend to have accidents at night . One has several per night on average . We 've been using these pads for about 2 years and they show no signs of wear . I have washed them almost every night , but usually hang them to dry . I am so happy with the quality of these pads . I highly reccomend them .
 I bought this for help with keeping the sheets dry in the middle of the night when my toddler wets the bed . It has never leaked and the sheets remain dry . It is a godsend when you do n't have to change the sheets/mattress pad in the middle of the night . It has held up through multiple washes .
 This pad soaks up all the wetness -- even the time she wriggled out of her diaper and was sleeping free all night long ! It 's been washed lots and lots of times over the past three years and three kids . I use normal detergent along with half a cup of vinegar in the bleach tray to get the urine smell out . The pads are still white . They are in good shape . They are uniform in color . They still absorb all the wetness . They do n't stink . The only trouble I 've had -- if I wash two pads at once WITH a full load of clothes then sometimes I have to run the drain/spin cycle again to get the load dry enough for the dryer . -LRB- More likely that I overloaded the machine , though . -RRB-
 The quality is very nice and it has had hard use over the couple of years I 've had it . It washes easily and drys effectively so that it could be ready for use the same day but I would advise having at least four of these items if you are caring for an incontinent and demented adult . It covers a sufficient area of the twin bed or hospital bed so that only one is necessary .
 I wo n't repeat what other reviewers have said , but I did want to clarify some other reviews . This sheet does NOT cover the entire surface of a twin bed - that is really what I was hoping for . It covers the entire width , but not the length . My son is not quite two and graduated to a `` big boy bed '' this year . He tosses & turns all over his bed , so I was hoping for full length AND width protection . I 'm going to get a second one and overlap them I think.We have had diaper leakage & this sheet did its job - protected the mattress perfectly . We put it under his fitted sheet and have had no issues with bunching or moving .
 We have been using these pads for more than 31/2 years for a child with Autism . The pads are very durable and have held up to repeated washing/drying - approximately 2-3 times per week . A great product for those that tend to move around in the night , as the pads stay in place much better than disposable pads do , and are a lot larger than disposables . Overall this is great product , I highly recommend it . * Edited 10/26/12 * Some suggestions
 We purchased two of these to help keep bedding dry between washes . We are currently caring for a family member who turns 100 this October . Keeping his sheets dry and free from soil has been a challenge . Love that this is a well-constructed product that can be washed and dried over and over again !
 My mother-in-law bought this for my 5 year old son who wets the bed and I ca n't tell you how much I LOVE this product ... well so much that I now own 4 of these pads ! They are almost the size of a twin bed so it covers completely . It does n't move around while my son is sleeping and he is a `` mover '' . We stopped putting pull ups on him , so when he does pee , it 's ALOT ! This pad has NEVER leaked even a bit !!! I am so happy I found this item !
 I bought two of these because we co-sleep with our 2 y.o. son and he 's always wetting the bed ; now I can change to my spare if he wets in the middle of the night and I do n't have to wash the waterproof cover that fits my king mattress -- THAT always took at least 3 times of running the dryer instead of just once with this pad . A great purchase and very absorbant .
 We 're using 2 of these pads to help potty train our daughter at night . Unlike all the other pads we have tried , these have a much softer surface . Because of that , our daughter is able to sleep directly on top of a pad , so we never have to wash the bedding under her when she has an accident . In addition , the large size helps make sure she 's always on top of it , even if she rolls around her bed at night .
 While my boys have been potty trained for a couple years , they still wet the bed from time to time . They are simply really heavy sleepers . These pads have saved the mattresses !
 My 3.5 yr old daughter has graduated to big-girl underwear and to a big-girl bed but like all good little toddlers every once in a while she has an ooops ! and it 's a real pain to change sheets and full size underpad at 3:30 with a wet screaming kid standing next to you.I looked around and saw the very expensive radio controlled pads that alert you in your bed when your child has wet her bed ... save the money , I can 100 % assure you that if your kids wets their bed , you will 100 % know about it within 10 to 15 minutes -LRB- there will be wimpering , wailing , screaming , or you 'll get a visit to your bedside demanding the problem be fixed -RRB- . I decided against the disposable padsChampion Blue Disposable Underpads -LRB- Chux -RRB- , Large Size 23 x 36 , Pk/25because they were n't big enough and my toddler tosses around like a fish out of water and wanted something with more substance , that would be more durable , and that would feel more like a sleeping material vs a paper pad.I decided against a digital device likeWet Call Bed-Side Bed wetting Alarm with Padbecause it 's too expensive , too small , and just has an alarm -LRB- My 3year old is a great alarm , trust me ! -RRB- So I saved the money and bought 2 of these pads for half what it would cost me to buy some digital pad that is difficult to wash.PROS TO THIS - 34 x 52 makes them big -LRB- they fit perfectly across my daughter 's full size bed -RRB- - 34 x 52 makes them also fit lenghtwise perfectly on a twin size bed - bleachable -LRB- now that 's smart - given the use for these -RRB- - machine washable and machine dryable - soft cotton feel to the pad , you can tell that you can wash these multiple times - nice storage bag with metal button latchesCONS - none that I can see
 This high-quality waterproof pad is made the same way as those that are used in hospitals only it - the Priva pad , is twice the size . I purchased two of these pads for my 86 year old mother who has a bladder control problem and alzheimers . We also have a safety rail on one side of her full-sized bed because she lays entirely on that one side and would fall of were it not there . The other side of her bed is against a wall as is her headboard . She can really , REALLY wet herself through the night if she does n't wake up to go on her commode . -LRB- Or she calls someone to help her . -RRB- I position the pad lengthwise down the bed so she lays on the entire pad . It is wonderfull , it greatly protects the sheets and bed from wetness . I would give it more stars if I could !!! It does shift just ever so slightly but not more than an inch and is very comfortable to lay on . -LRB- I asked her this when she was in a good frame of mind so I know it to be true . -RRB- I give these Super-Plus bed pads from Priva my highest reccomendation and will purchase two more .
 This pad is nice and big . It is very , very waterproof . I purchased this pad because we got a new puppy . The puppy pads that you buy are expensive and even the large size ones are not that big . Even if a dog uses them chances are great that it will run off on the carpet . My puppy learned to go on these thru the night by my placing a puppy pad in the center , eventually eliminating the puppy pad and just using the matress pad . -LRB- She is now trained and does n't use them -RRB- When she would wet on them it would never , ever leak thru to the carpet . If you are buying this pad for a bed rest assured that if it did n't leak thru to the carpet it will not leak thru to a mattress . These are very thick with a great waterproof lining on the bottom . I bought 2 of them and they have been washed over and over . They have yet to show any wear . I would recommend them to anyone trying to keep anything dry . I know I will find other uses for them and will never get rid of them for fear of never finding them again !!!
 The priva waterproof protector is really what it says it is . I purchased 3 different bed protectors for bathing a patient in bed and this one is by far the best of the 3 . It is worth the money . It is long , from the head to almost 3/4 of the twin size hospital bed , and holds the most water of the 3 protectors I purchased . I highly recommend it .
 Yes , I am writing a review for a sheet protector . I got one of these for my 3 year old who is potty-trained but ca n't yet make it through the night . I liked it so much I got a second one so when I have to change the sheets in the middle of the night I have one ready to go . I tried the disposable ones but they are noisy and too small . This one is soft and basically feels like a blanket , and yet somehow its super-absorbent . In response to an earlier review
 This is really great to use for my husband , who has alzheimers . Large enough so that it does n't bunch up under him when he is tossing and turning through the night . Affortable price for us seniors on pensions .
 I bought this pad for the larger size , and because I was happy with the Priva Premium Waterproof Sheet Protectors I had bought in the past . The size and quality are nice , but the Premium pad does a better job of wicking moisture away from the surface , and resisting staining .
 After numerous others this product takes the `` cake '' ! It actually stays put -LRB- on a twin & king -RRB- with out the need for the available `` tuck-in '' versions . It 's waterproof & washes & dries easily . I FINALLY do n't have to change my son 's sheets or ours -LRB- he always ends up in our bed at some point -RRB- ! I 'm extremely happy with this purchase ! Get 2 , one to wash-one to `` wear '' .
 I use these for my pets ... I have 5 of these that I use -LRB- some in wash , some in use -RRB- . They survive repeated washing , bleaching , for years on end . One or more are in the washer constantly . I highly recommend this size and these pads for Pets as well as human . They do the job . The protective barrier just keeps on working like the energizer bunny.Oh for the backing , it is the same exact backing using in hospitals . I order it by the yard from Canada and it is unbelievable . It withstands high dryer heat and never fails to protect my surfaces -LRB- unless they back up and miss a bit . -RRB- This backing is used in the diaper industry as well . It is in institutional grade barrier product used in diaper covers , change pads , underbed pads , laundry and pail lining to name a few . I love it better than the poly vinyl laminate fabric which to me does not work as well . And I might add , it is not a low cost item
 I have a very old dog who likes to sleep on my bed but `` leaks '' urine while she sleeps . This product is so fantastic because it covers a large area and is absolutely secure . It washes up easily too . It is well worth the price .
 My mother suffers from incontience and had not found any pad that provided the waterproof quality she needed . This pad is large enough and is very waterproof . She is thrilled with it .
 Items were as advertised . I just wish they were a little larger and more suitable to a larger bed .
 These were just the protection we needed after a serious surgery resulting in an colostomy bag . Believe me , these saved our lives the first few days . High quality , keeps size in shape in washer and dryer , double fold up for protection on furniture , in the car , etc. . AND they shipped immediately .
 This larger waterproof pad is sized perfectly to handle most any bed-wetting problem . I alternate with two of them and they have stood up to repeated washings and dryings just fine . I used to have to use 2 of the smaller ones to get enough coverage .
 This waterproof pad is plush and flexible but with a thick waterproof layer on the underside . Shipped really fast .
 Exactly what I wanted in performance and quality.Also washes well and dries quiickly . Will be ordering more .
 Our daughter is 27 months old and we have decided to start her night time training over the hot summer months . This has been great when she has accidents at night . She 's completely diaper free and has very few accidents at night . We had ordered 2 , so when she has accidents , then we just switch it out quickly and we all go back to bed quickly . Thanks !
 Soft enough to place on top of the fitted sheet , urine does not seep through . Easy to wash , air dry during the day and it is ready again at bed time . Happy with the first one , we bought another just in case ... Size is perfect for a twin size bed , our daughter moves a lot at night and we have n't had any problems so far -LRB- after 2 months -RRB- . Highly recommend .
 So much better than having to wash sheet and full size pad while night training . No complaints from child . They wash and dry well .
 These are wonderful for protecting my aging dog 's orthopedic dogbed . It is so much easier to wash the protector -LRB- and replace it immediately with a clean one -RRB- than it is to remove and wash the entire bedcover . He likes to paw his bed before he lays down , so I secure the sheet protector with the `` new and improved sheet suspenders '' that run under the bed and secure the protector at the corners , keeping it in place . He took to the quilted-like cover of the protector right away , and I like that he always has a clean , dry bed . I 'm so grateful I found this product .
 Hands down the best solution I 've found to having a baby/toddler crawl into bed with you . Protects against pee accidents , leaking breastmilk after having a baby , and baby spit up in the night . Best part is that it sits on top of the sheets so you do n't soil the sheets each night when the baby sleeps with you.I know I read in other reviews that when it arrives it says , `` not for use with children under 12 yrs . old . '' It does not explain why , but I 'm guessing it 's overly cautious b/c of1 -RRB- it being vinyl underneath and hence is not an organic material & has associated odors when you first use it .2 -RRB- b/c it 's vinyl , it can get warm , even make you sweat if you do n't have AC in the summer , and I guess you do n't want to overheat kids -LRB- but it has a cool cotton quilted top that is very natural feeling & soft -RRB- 3 -RRB- it does n't `` seal '' to the mattress or tuck underneath and is made to go on top of the sheets , so it potentially could get scrunched up and I GUESS obstruct breathing in a baby . I 'm just guessing on these 3 possible reasons for the warning.Now I am pretty environmentally friendly and super concerned with toxins with my children , but after 2 boys who coslept with us and multiple `` accidents '' on our mattresses that would seep through other protectors/towels -LRB- not to mention the sheets on top -RRB- ... I was ready to leap at a new approach while expecting baby # 3 . I know it 's not intended for cosleeping with babies , but let 's face it ... a lot of us do it ... and this certainly works ! The best part is that I just purchased 2 of them -LRB- despite the cost -RRB- and that was a wonderful choice . When baby soaks it for some reason , I can just pull out the other one and lay it down right on top of the sheets . No late night soaked sheets ! They dry super in the dryer and I 've used them nightly for 6 months now .
 I washed it before I used it and it came out soft and with out pills . I have not had a problem with the performance and am satisfied .
 I love this product . I use it on my Toddler 's bed and its perfect . Just purchased another one for when I put the first one in the wash !
 Very good quality product and worth every dollar paid for it.It is waterproof and does exactly what I bought it for - to keepa bed matress dry . Highly recommend this product
 I use these for our kids when they 're young . We have some consistent bed wetters , and these pads do a great job of keeping the underlying sheets dry . If there is a problem , the kids take care of it themselves . They just throw the sheet protector in the laundry room , along with any wet clothes , and they can easily grab a new one -LRB- or just sleep on the sheets , since no one has more than one accident a night . Would definitely recommend when searching for sheet protectors !
 I temporarily needed a sheet protector for our king sized bed after my husband returned home from a hospital stay . The Priva Ultra Plus worked perfectly . I ordered two so I could launder one and keep one on the bed at all times . It laundered very nicely , was soft enough to be comfortable and large enough to cover the entire side of the bed .
 I purchased this item to use during the night for my young son who sometimes wets the bed while he is sleeping -LRB- I refused to keep buying Pull-Ups -RRB- . The size of the pad is very generous and it stays in place well . The pad also washes and dries very well . It has already paid for itself and has been a lifesaver for me ; I am considering purchasing a second one . This pad protects the bottom sheet efficiently , however , occasionally the top sheet or comforter gets a little saturated depending on my son 's position . I am not sure why there is a package label stating that it is not for use with children as it does not give a reason . Overall , I would recommend this product .
 A good size , well made , washed up well , and perfect for when I put the little granddaughter down on my bed I do n't have to worry about accidents ... and they do happen !
 I sometimes suffer from UTI and have bladder explosions in the middle of the night . This product helps me keep my sheets clean because it absorbs all the moisture . Would love to purchase another one in the future if required .
 I have been using this waterproof pad for my son who is potty training for about a year . Was looking for a product to protect his bed at night from accidental bed wetting . After trying several different &#34; waterproof &#34; pads that did n't actually turn out to be waterproor , were too small or that quickly wore out with repeated washings I found this excellent pad . It is a great size for a twin bed - covers the whole area that could possible get wet even with a toddler who wiggles around in his sleep . Pad is very absorbant . Never have had a leak with it . Washes very nicely in the washing machine and dryer . Bought a second one to have available when the first is being washed .
 instills a lot of confidence in one to have a sound sleep , without worrying whether the sheets and the mattrass are wet or not
 I bought this to sit on at the beach while I comb through seashell beds . I wanted to stay dry and clean and this thing is huge and perfect !
 After realizing our son can sure pee a lot even out of his diaper this was a bedsaver ! Really makes a difference and makes sure you only need to clean the sheets and not the mattress !
 This sheet protector works well . It 's soft and has worked well in protecting the mattress . I do n't notice that it sleeps too warm .
 I love this product . I have it over my toddler 's sheets . I have two that I really used during potty training last year . I now keep one at the bottom of the bed and one at the top as a precaution . In the rare event of an accident , I can quickly remove the soiled one and use the second one instead . These do n't hook to the sides of the bed , but just lay on top . For a twin bed it fits the exact width and slightly draps over the sides .
 Our daughter arrived earlier this year and the middle of the night feedings really kept us on our toes . Sometimes after nursing , she would unexpectedly empty her stomach or have an explosive # 2 diaper that would have been so easily contained with this sheet protector pad . The morning after we had to change our sheets at 2 a.m. following one of these episodes , my husband suggested finding something like this.For the low price and the sanity of not having to change your sheets in the middle of the night when taking care of your little one , this product is a no-brainer and a must-have . I only wish I had known to buy one or two before the baby arrived . Now I am telling all my pregnant friends . It holds up fine in the washer and dryer , and scrubs easily enough withDreft Stain Remover - 22 oz.Now our baby is sleeping through the night , but I could see having 2 as even more of a convenience because we did run into a time crunch with this one in the wash here and there . At any rate , I ca n't recommend this enough !
 I have my newborn sleep on it . It is soft and protects the new bed perfectly . He has had several instances in which his diaper has leaked or he has spit up and it has never gotten on the mattress . Great product .
 I was so paranoid that my water would break while in bed , thus ruining my mattress . I bought this as a precaution . My water did NOT break in bed , but it was a comfort anyway . : -RRB-
 I got them for my 90 year old incontinent grandmother . I had been using a bunch of smaller ones 24 x 36 - this makes it much much easier . I have them layered so that I dont have to change the bed sheets and mattress pads , it 's a lot easier to just wash these . I am very please with their quality thus far and they seem to hold a lot of water , as Grandma does not get out of bed during the nite so these babies have a big job everynite . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I 've had three of these long enough now to have washed them several times and tested them well . The pad does not leak , even holding a considerable amount of urine . It is quiet to sleep on , and it is not sweaty . The pad dries flat and maintains it 's shape perfectly . I hang them outside to dry now , but come winter I 'll dry them in the dryer . That 's the only test I have n't given them yet . The size is plenty long & wide enough to give good protection . It does n't wrinkle up under me , but I 'm not a restless sleeper . I do n't know if that would be a problem for more restless folks . I recommend this pad without reservation.Priva Ultra Plus Waterproof Sheet Protector , 34 '' x 52 '' , White
 It absorbs my four-year old 's accidents . :-RRB- Now if only she could learn how to wake up to pee , I 'd be really satisfied ! But that 's not the product 's fault ...
 Worked great . Just finished potty training and this is perfect for protecting the mattress from occasional accidents . without having to remove the entire mattress pad . It is very thick , though , so takes up alot of space in the washer . However after 6 mos with a waterproof liner on the bed and my son waking up soaked in sweat -LRB- they are very hot -RRB- , this seems to be the perfect solution .
 I bought this for my incontinent dog and they work great . Nice and thick and good sized -LRB- hard to find a good larger pad -RRB- . Would recommend .
 Thanks to the GREAT customer reviews I bought this without hesitation . I love it ! Now , I 'm buying a second one for back-up .
 this is a great item , generously sized , soft and quiet , no crackling noises . Would definately buy again and recommend to a friend !
 I purchased this pad for my 82 year old mother who has incontinence . I love it because it is large and the feel of the fabric is nice . I 'm picky and I 've found that this works great and washes nicely . I 've previously purchased a velvet chair pad for her lift chair , that was a Priva product as well , and I found that this worked great too . Based on the two products that I purchased I 've found that the Priva brand products are quality made and I highly recommend them .
 I used ultimate crib sheets with my son since his birth and searched for a replacement product once he got older and was sleeping in a big bed . We are blessed in that on most days , he sleeps 12 hours overnight . However , I do n't think his bladder is quite up to that challenge , even with the help of a diaper and overnight pull-up . But this sheet protector works great for keeping the sheets dry . I was concerned that the sheet protector might not stay in place on the bed , but it has worked great in that regard also . I highly recommend it .
 My 15 yo pug leaks pee when he sleeps deeply . Because of this , I now own several different size and types of incontinence pads . At 52 '' , this is a great size for a wandering dog.sometimes , he leaks quite a lot , maybe two to three cups , and this one has never leaked off the edge or through the bottom . He can now sleep on the bed again.Why does ths one get five stars ? It 's comfortable to sleep on , both for me and my pug . He hates the pads , feels like they are a punishment , so he 'll lay anywhere but on the pad . He 'll even scratch it and fold them over to not lay on them . Not this one , maybe the ultra plus means the nice soft cover or the little padded squares . Either way , it feels nice . I sleep with very little on and do n't mind the pad at all . It 's not scratchy or pilly like other pads , even after several washings . This one is so good we bought a couple more.The oldest bought about 8 months ago has stood up . Ca n't tell it apart from the newer ones purchased a month ago . Stands up to washer on hot with bleach and dries easily in machine . I have noticed the price fluctuates quite a bit , so keep your eye on it for the best deal .
 Very comfortable . Perfect size . I apply this under the sheet to protect the mattress and it does the job . Easy to wash and dry .
 This is a great protector it works as promised and just a perfect size , it is easy to wash and just fits the situation when necessary .
 I purchased this for use after total knee replacement surgery . This was great for keeping the moisture from the ice packs from getting on my sheets and mattress . This product is nice and large and takes up most of one side of the bed . I used this for several weeks and found it laundered and dried without problems . I had planned for the price point to just toss it when I no longer needed it but it was still like new so I put it away with my linens in case I ever need it again .
 Thick liner and a good size for area cover . I ordered to use after having surgery . Washes easy enough & dry .
 We use this sheet protector for our 31/2 year old son while he 's night potty-training top help with bed-wetting accidents . It is great as it prevents us from having to wash all of his sheets and pads if he has an accident . The size is great because it is large and covers so much space , even in his full sized bed . And , the top is soft enough to be touching skin . Also , the no-skid bottom works well , keeping it in place throughout the night . Now , if we could just prevent him from peeing on the comforter ! But , that is a different issue altogether . : -RRB-
 I used these for my mom who had accidents at night and it was so easy to fold it up and place down a clean one . They wash up really nice .
 After trying other sheet protectors , this is the Best ! Super strong too . . we can move my heavy mom using these .
 My dad had a small waterproof sheet protector -LRB- never had an &#34; accident &#34; but this is just &#34; in case &#34; -RRB- , and instead of always washing it along with the bedding , thought I 'd search for another . Found this product , read all the reviews , and purchased two -LRB- as a spare , if needed in an emergency , as well as to save on separate shipping costs -RRB- . Love it , love it , love it . No problems , even after washing and drying it . Wonderful . I highly recommend this product .
 If you unfortunately need this product - this is the one to buy . Very large so it covers enough area so that you feel protected . Does the job well and is easy to launder .
 These pads never leak , and they are just about the right size to throw into a crib . They are also very soft and comfortable .
 I can not believe how well these work , in absorbency and in the washing machine . They come out new every time . Do yourself a favor and buy these ! I do n't think they would work well for children because children might not aim very well but they are great for adults .
 I use these for my visiting grandchild that sometimes has accidents . I 'm so glad that I bought 2 ! I have no problems with them . They wash up beautifully and lay flat . Grandchild is comfortable and the bed is dry . I would absolutely recommend this product !
 I bought 4 of these waterproof sheet protectors because my 5 year old was n't potty trained at night yet . I wanted extras in case of constant wetting or flu , etc to protect the bed sheets . I also have a 3 year old that will be getting trained when she is ready . They worked like a charm ! My 5 year old wet the bed a couple of different times during the training process . I just had to change the pad and her pants in the middle of the night and she was good to go back to sleep . She has now been dry for 7 nights in a row now ! No more pull-ups ! I would recommend this to anyone !
 I ordered 3 of these for my toddler son as he transitioned into a full size bed to reduce the need for middle of the night bed changes . Initially they felt stiff and a bit scratchy . They are a quilted fabric on top -LRB- not all the way through -RRB- , and some type of vinyl beneath.These can shift a bit in the bed , and I now have a system for placing vertically and tucking between the headboard and bed . It works well and covers the entire area of the bed where my son sleeps , head to toe . I also found that after about 5 washings they were soft enough to be comfortable against my son 's skin , and seem more absorbent . The protectors do a good job of keeping the bed dry . They are large enough to fold in half to use as a changing pad . I do wish they were fabric on both sides with vinyl in the center , but maybe that does n't exist.Last night they were put to the test when my son had a stomach virus and was sick in his bed several times throughout the night . I slept beside him and all three were a godsend helping me keep him clean and dry under pretty difficult circumstances -- I am ordering 2 more in case we have a repeat of that type of episode so we are n't running the washer all night . If I were handier , I would cut a few in half and sew them to make smaller versions for travel , etc. .
 Good service and shipping . Pads are a little too large for my wife They go from head to foot which may work well for someone else . Probably this length will be good in the summer to asorb the sweat . The main reason for the four star rating is that my two had a slight chemical smell until they were washed a several times . Nothing a person ca n't live with . However , they seem to work for the purpose intended . Nothing has leaked through .
 Great size , quality and absorption . Highly recommend . We use under fitted sheet for toddlers .
 I bought this to use for my 3 year old daughter and it works great when she has accidents during the night . I use two to ensure she is covered during the night since she tends to roll around . I use it on a queen size bed and I have positioned it across the bed as opposed to up and down . I leave about a 3 inch overlap with the second one and my bed is covered no matter where my little girl rolls .
 We use this for a child not yet potty trained at night and it saves us so many sheet washings ! If there is a leaky overnight diaper , just take off the pad and wash that and put on another one . Buy two !
 I just bought this for my 3 year old daughter who just went to `` big girl panties '' . This is great for the occasional `` oops '' at night . Protects the sheets great and super easy to wash/dry , not a single leak . It covers almost the entire width of her twin mattress which is wonderful because she is an active sleeper . It does n't bunch under her although she only weighs 35 pounds . It works so well that I 'm getting another one as a backup !
 I have two elderly dogs who have accidents in the house . I have purchased several of these pads and they work as wonderful `` boo-boo '' pads . They are absorbent , they do n't leak , they are washable and they are much more reasonable in cost -LRB- and larger -RRB- than the `` boo-boo '' pads sold for pets . Highly recommend - even for people .
 I ended up purchasing several of these . We are using a set for my invalid father , and it has been such a wonderful puchase ! We had been using three or more store-bought pads at a time , and we have to clean Dad , mop floors , change sheets and pads around 3 times per night . This waterproof sheet/pad holds more and pulls the moisture down away from the top . Also , since we are using this , Dad is less restless . It 's much easier to change out - one piece rather than three or four . It also protects the sheets , so we do n't have to change the bed every single time . Everyone has calmed down and is receiving more rest!I have one that I use specifically for my cats . They are now cuddling down on this instead of the comforter on the bed or sofa cushions . This protects the sofa or bed from cat hair , as well as protecting it from one cat who sometimes `` leaks '' during a deep sleep . A `` lifesaver '' there as well.Holds up VERY well in washing and drying . I would highly recommend this product to those with incontinence problems of any kind . It was well worth the money .
 My wife had been looking for a bed liner to protect the mattress during that ` time of the month ' . She came across this one and is pleased that it does the job ! She can sleep in confidence . However , she gives it only 4-stars because it does crinke or roll-up in some area , but since it 's large in size , your mattress is still protected .
 This does the job as a protector for my 3 year old 's mattress . He usually leaks through his overnight diapers a few times per week . I use this under the bottom sheet and over the mattress pad and the mattress has stayed dry ever since .
 Excellent protector . It does n't look like it would stay in place , but it stays in place while my son rolls around in his sleep . Great absorption . Still decent after a several washes .
 I ordered 2 protectors a month ago and have used them everday for pet accidents . They wash up perfectly and dry quickly . Love them so well I just ordered 2 more . Great quailty at a great price .
 This works great ! I recieved the product promptly which was great and have not had and leakage . THanks for a great product
 Comfortable and good-sized , and sturdy enough to stand up to washing machine . Will get more.Wish it came in multi-packs .
 I got these because I have a little guy who just ca n't make it through the night . These work really well . They keep the bed dry -LRB- and he has a big bladder for such a little guy -RRB- . I put them in the washer dryer and they 've held up for months . I bought 3 more I was so pleased .
 We use this on a queen size bed for our 2 year old daughter . Has worked perfectly for potty training and has not leaked through to the mattress one bit . The only problem is I have to adjust it every night before bed since her tossing in bed moves it around .
 With a few kids that bed wet , this pad is a life saver ! I was constantly washing sheets in the middle of the night ! Now all I do is roll up the pad and Im done !
 This product is awesome . I have a son with special needs who is incontinent and moves all over his bed . I used to use 3 disposable chux and 2 bed pads , but now this is all I need . It has n't leaked through yet and has n't shifted much . It covers more area than the 2 pads I used together before . Would highly recommend it !
 I use this larger size , as well as the smaller pads , to protect the carpet from my dog 's urine . One of my dogs can not always `` hold it '' overnight , and she instinctively knows to use the pads . They hold a high volume of liquid and never drip when picked up . I also use a pad under the dogs ' water dish.I use detergent and bleach in the wash and these pads get washed often . They seem to be holding up extremely well . I would definitely recommend this product for use with any kind of anticipated or othwise liquid accidents .
 This product is of good quality and size . It protects the bedding when there is leakage . It is also large enough to be used in moving the person from side to side .
 I am happy with these pads . Other reviews said they had trouble getting them dry in the dryer , but I have n't had this problem . I would buy these again .
 These bed protectors are fantastic !! I ordered them for my kids ' beds , as neither of them are fully night time dry yet . I got four of them , so I had some to ` wear ' while the others were in the wash . This is probably the smartest purchase I have made all year . Goodbye disposable nighttime underpants ! The purchase price for 4 of these was recouped in about 6 weeks - I wish I would have found them about 4 years ago .
 I purchased these pads for MIL , who is incontinent during the night . I had purchased some from a local store earlier and they were not absorbant nor did they wash well , they still smell bad after washing . These pads are very high quality and absorbant , they launder very nicely and are soft to lie on . We bought the larger size . You will be happy if you purchase these , do so before you try any others and waste your money .
 I 'm caretaker for my 93 year old mother who has lost control of her bladder . These sheet protectors , along with a disposable underwear and pads , have saved a lot of many loads of laundry . They certainly make my life easier and I highly recommend them to others .
 these bed pads are very absorbent and a nice large size.they keep the sheets dry all night . I plan to buy more in the future .
 It is so much easier to remove the sheet protector than having to strip the entire bed . When your loved one has a `` problem '' this is a quick fix .
 THIS WATERPROOF PROTECTOR IS A WELLMADE PRODUCT FOR THE PURPOSE.AND THE PRICE IS RIGHT . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO FUTURE PURCHASERS .
 My mother used to be up every few hours during the night because of weak bladder control . Now that she is nearing 90 and has Alzheimer 's , she rarely gets up in the night . I was washing her sheets every day - even though she slept in Depends with an added maximum protection pad ! I purchased several different pads last year as I was unsure which was best . THIS pad has been my favorite . The smaller -LRB- about 36 '' square -RRB- pads that I ordered do work ... if her hips remain on the center of those pads all night . There has never been a problem with leaking around this pad . It is long enough for almost all of her body to be on it so it is less likely to get bunched up as she moves around - if she shifts her hips , her shoulders hold it in place and if she shifts her upper body , her legs hold it in place . I still have to wash the sheets every few days , though . Though the pad does prevent actual seepage of urine , and a freshly laundered pad is used each day , there seems to be some odor build-up in the bedclothes that is noticeable by the third day - but then NONE of the pads I have tried will prevent this problem . The pad has held up well , but I do not put it in the dryer . I wash in cold water and hang it on the line to dry -LRB- or over the back of a chair if it is rainy -RRB- . Highly recommended ... I am buying several more today !
 Our toddler somenights still ends up in bed with us and most nights wets through his nighttime pull up , this is saving my mattress and makes clean up a breeze . I only wish I knew about this product earlier !
 Large sized mattress protector works well and is a perfect size for a man who needs it at night . Protector does n't bunch up and allows for moving around at night while still protecting the mattress . Great purchase .
 My daughter has accidents on and off all the time . We have bought so many of these things . Other ones are so small , but this one is big . I love that . Her whole 4 year old body is just now starting to not fit on it . Others move around and bunch up , but since her whole body fits on this one , it is n't uncomfortable . Other ones are cooler , but they are smaller , bunchy , move around and they leak . That 's the only thing about these , they are hot . My daughter does not sleep with covers . But , it keeps the sweat off the mattress !
 Well made , worked well to keep sheets dry , the larger size worked much better then the small ones they sell in the store .
 I purchased this item specifically for my potty training 3 year old . It fits perfectly across her twin bed , and stays put . She has had a few accidents , however , this item did a wonderful job keeping the sheets and mattress dry . I would recommend buying two .
 In the country I put this down just inside the back door when the men and children are coming in with dirty shoes . It absorbs liguid very well and is easy to shake out and wash .
 I bought two of these , after reading so many great reviews , to cover a large chair in our living room where one of our cats has taken to peeing . He tested it out almost immediately and it worked perfectly ! What a relief . There was a lot of pee and none of it went through , the back was n't even remotely damp . I like this better than the different waterproof bed cover we have for our mattress because this actually absorbed the pee rather than just pooling it on top of the waterproof part . And as many have said , it washed and dried perfectly . UPDATE
 I got these not for a bed but to put under furniture covers to protect new furniture from old pets that sometimes have accidents . These work great . Nothing leaks through to the sofa and they are long enough to overlap so I can get really good coverage out of them . The couch protectors that are sold are too small for my couch and barely cover anything . These stay in place with a couple of large safety pins on the back . I got an extra one incase there is a problem . They have washed great and are saving my furniture but are also comforable to sit on and they do n't make any plastic sounding noises . They have been a lifesaver !
 I bought this because my 13.5 year old Aussie is wetting the bed now . I had purchased two other pads from different stores but they do n't compare . Of course , this is pricer but `` you get what you pay for . '' I just ordered a second one last week so I have more than one to use.Was looking for the old style rubber sheets but could n't find any except very , very , pricey ones . This one works great .
 I bought a few of these because my 7 year old still struggles with bedwetting . They are great because if she has an accident in the middle of the night she just grabs the spare and I do n't have to rip the whole bed apart . I have been using one too because I am 9 months pregnant in case my water breaks !
 Whether an incontinent , special needs individual or a child whose ` not quite there yet ' with their nighttime toileting , these pads are something you have to have ; if not for the time , energy , and money you save from having to change bedding all the time - then for the sanity you will save from having to change the bedding all the time . I keep several in case we have more than one accident overnight . They do shift if the person lying on them is a ` mover and shaker ' while in bed , that 's another reason I have more than one - I layer them all over the bed . They are comfortable to lie on and they are completely waterproof , even up to the edge . I can not recommend these bed protectors enough !
 I bought two of these for my son 's bed . He mostly sleeps through the night dry , but has the occasional accident that has been staining -LRB- and smelling up -RRB- his mattress . I now use these and nothing has leaked through . And they are fine going through the washer machine . Very durable .
 When my daughter wakes me in the middle of the night to tell me she wet the bed , its a relief knowing I can just pull this pad out for washing and put her back to bed . It does n't bunch , does n't make plastic sounds , dont even know its there . I bought two and it does a nice job of covering up the main portions of a queen sized bed . I fully recommend it .
 Protector is being used to keep older cats from soiling the bed . It works fine .
 I bout this larger size protector and Love them they make it easy to turn myfather and I never have to worry about the bed getting wet . Every nurse that has been here has commented about them and they wish that they had them instead of the little ones they have .
 I read the negative reviews for this waterproof pad and maybe they did get a defective item , I do n't know . I do know we bought 2 pads -LRB- OK , actually 3 but one is still new in package until needed -RRB- and both pads have worked out very well ... no leaking through at all.These pads are so large that they overlap the side of a twin bed by approximately 6 inches on each side.The description says it has a non-slip backing but we found this does n't seem to be the case . Maybe if you do n't toss & turn but if you/child do toss & turn , the pad does move about some . But even with the slight movement , it still stays in place enough to do its job.Even with that slight slippage problem , I still gave 5 stars because the pad is wonderful and does a great job . If I could give it 41/2 stars , maybe I would but 4 stars would be too low , so 5 it is . : - -RRB-
 After having purchased this Priva Ultra Plus protector 34x52 in Early May of 2011 we used the pad daily , washing it daily -LRB- a few times twice in one day -RRB- . The pad was buttery soft with quilting that held up beautifully . I have not had another sheet protector last anywhere nearly as long as this one.It was used with an air mattress style hospital bed for my wife , and it held up to the stress and tugs superbly .223 machine washings later ... the backing sheet finally developed micro tears.As long as they make these sheet protectors , I have no reason to buy anything but this one : Priva Ultra Plus Waterproof Sheet Protector , 34 '' x 52 '' , White
 I bought this for my aging erman Shepherd 's bed , and it works best of all the bed protectors I 've tried . I intend to order a couple more !
 I got these for my 5 year old who is no longer wearing pull ups . We had the standard under the sheet mattress protector , but that is a flawed experience because as soon as she wets the bed we have to change the entire bed . With these we can just lay it over the sheet and if she has an accident it is a quick change in the middle of the night . We bought two of these and have the other one sitting by the bed . If she wets the bed , she just removes the wet one and her underwear and puts a new pad on by herself AND goes bak to sleep . No extra steps and mess involved ! And ... . Mom gets needed sleep without having to struggle with wet sheets in the middle of the night.Hasn ' t leaked so far and is the prefect size .
 Excellent product , absorbent and the large size has helped prevent nightly bed linen changes . The pad washes and dries nicely .
 After reading all the reviews , I decided to order 2 pads for my father who is almost completely bedridden due to Alzheimer 's and I must say these pads are great . They are large enough to provide a large amount of coverage . Once my dad is laying on the pad , we use it to reposition my father back towards the head of his hospital-type bed as needed ... they are that strong . The pads have already been washed multiple times and seem to hold up perfectly wash after wash . They are very very absorbent . I am ordering another pad today as I have found a great product with these Priva pads .
 This pad works great for my purpose , although I do n't use these pads for what they were designed to do . I use these pads as drop cloths when I 'm doing any work inside that house that requires a bucket of water . Examples are washing windows or walls . I set the pads on the floor and put the bucket on the pad . The pad handily absorbs any spilled liquids much better than a thin canvas drop cloth .
 I have been looking for a heavy duty protector I could use -LRB- and re-use -RRB- for an out of the litter box problem with one of my cats . I wanted to find something I was sure did not have some kind of &#34; attractant &#34; in it - many pet pads are meant to be used for training which was absolutely not what I wanted . I thought something for human would be heavy duty enough , really absorbent and safe . I also wanted to avoid something too bulky and awkward to wash -LRB- the size is great and there is no problem washing 3 or 4 per laundry load.I have used two of these to cover my couch -LRB- when stressed this cat might pee on the couch several days in a row -RRB- . It has been several years now since I bought these sheet protectors and they are still as good as new.They wash and dry very easily and do not retain odors or stains.I sometimes can not get to washing them immediately and will replace the pad and let the soaked one dry out . That has never been a problem either.Because I am using them for cats -LRB- and when it comes to pee they probably can detect it even if there is only one molecule of pee left -RRB- , I first use some &#34; Bac-Out &#34; -LRB- it 's a natural enzyme product -RRB- on the stain and wash . I then do a second regular wash with my normal soap and an extra rinse . I know I am overdoing it but I prefer taking that precaution and making sure there is no trace of smell left ! : -RRB-
 When my mom began having problems at night following a series of mini strokes , we purchased these for her use . Just be sure that you use them on top of the sheets to minimize cleanup . Good for under the sheet if the problem is n't severe and you are simply protecting the mattress from an occasional accident .
 This product cleans the best of anything I 've tried to get that gunky , sticky stuff off my cabinets . would recommend it to a dear friend .
 We bought this to try and make our 30 year old cabinets look a little better before putting our home on the market . It worked wonders . Friends coming into our house after using mentioned how good the cabinets looked ! I would recommend it . On areas of heavy kitchen grease , we did have to preclean a bit with cleaner specifically for grease , but then this made the cabinet look nice and shiny .
 Did all my kitchen cabinets with this product . It works very well . Would recommend it to my friends . Does not leave a film on cabinets , as some products do .
 `` I did n't realize the cabinets were that light of a color . '' That was the response from my husband after using this cream to clean the cabinets above the stove . I have used baking soda , among various other commerical cleaners . This makes the grease/grime ball up and wipe off . It does take a fair amount of cleaner . I have a small kitchen and it took almost the whole bottle . It leaves them with a clean shine . I will buy again and get a bottle for my daughter .
 I bought this product for my mother , whose cabinets have always made me want to take a brillo pad to them . I have used several cleaning products on my mother 's cabinets over the years that either did n't get them clean enough or damaged the finish on the wood . Parker and Bailey Kitchen Cabinet Cream removed the greasy residue from my mom 's cabinets without having to scrub too hard and it did n't damage the wood . The only thing I would change about it is the size of the bottle . I need more !
 This product did what it said it would do . It even removed hard baked on grease off of my range hood . I LOVE this stuff , will purchase again .
 The lady who helps me keep my house spotless was very impressed when she used the product on my kitchen cabinets . She says she has not seen a creme clean and polish this well . She also mentioned that there was no residue left .
 I 've used this cream on my wood furniture . It applies easily , is not sticky or greasy . It gives a nice shine.I will purchase it again and I recommend it .
 I tried this product on my oak cabinet in my bathroom , that was showing signs of age . It really did a great job to bringing back the shine and cleaning up this product . This is now a part of my monthly cleaning .
 Exactly as described !!!! As you read the product info , you always wonder if products like this are what they describe them as . This one is .
 This product is wonderful for our butcher block and wood cutting boards . The wood soaks up this oil and refreshes the shine and brings out the beauty of the wood .
 This product wonderfully cleans and restores all types of wood . It smells good and natural and is very easy on my sensitive hands . I heard an NPR home improvement show recommend it and he encouraged homeowners to try this product first before refinishing cabinets . While my cabinets do not need refinishing , I have used this product annually for quite a few years to keep the wood nice . They are still beautiful . It also cleans my cupboards when I spill something on them . I highly recommend this product .
 We have been ready to replace our oak kitchen cabinets -LRB- hate the oak ! -RRB- . My husband picked up some Parker and Baileys cream , and we gave it a try . It 's difficult to describe but the cabinets took on a whole new life ! They are a deeper color now with a beautifu sheen . Easy to use and really only need to renew every few months . I now think maybe I can live with the oak and just replace my counters . Three cheers for Parker and Baileys ! This is one of the products that I feel I need to stock up on !
 I have used this product for many years , and it is excellent . I spring clean every year and you can see a difference in the cabinets . It goes on easy , wipes off easy , and smells good . Lives up to its reputation .
 This stuff really works . It 's easy to apply and remove , cleans cabinets so they look new and leaves no residue . My wife bought several more bottles and gave them as gifts to our daughter and daughter-in-law
 I recently remodeled my kitchen and put in maple cabinetry . This polish cleans everything from grease to food splatters and keeps them looking fantastic . Love this stuff !
 Bought this cleaner to clean the old cabinets in the home my son recently purchased . We had tried a number of cleaners/polishes and nothing seemed to work . When we tried the Parker and Bailey 's , the cabinets came clean and looked great . I decided to use it on my dining room table where the edges had gotten gummed up with all the arms that had rested there . Again , never used any cleaner that even seemed to remove the grime . This one not only got it off , but the wood looked terrific . I would recommend this wholeheartedly .
 I bought this product several months back on Amazon and loved it . I just reordered . It is a wonderful cabinet cream for cleaning cabinets . It does n't leave a residue and makes my cabinets look like brand new . You wo n't go wrong with this product .
 Best cream polish ever . No oils . I have custom cherry wood kitchen cabinets . To date they look brand new . It has been 10 years they still look like the day I put them in . That is because of the care givin using the cream polish , that actually keeps the wood supple and shiny .
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM WITH A DOUBT CUZ I WASE N'T SURE IF IT WOULD WORK , BUT THIS ITEM IS GREATTTTTTTT . I TRULY RECOMMEND THIS ITEM FOR YOUR CABINETS.IT REALLY WORK VERY EASY TO USE . JUST APPLY AND WIPE DOWN . NO SCRUBBING AT ALL . LEAVES UR CABINETS NICE AND SHINY . AWESOME PRODUCT .
 I think it is a good idea to support liver function whenever taking antibiotics or other medicines processed mainly by the liver . This seems like a good brand at a good price .
 I 've been using these for years because I love them . They make for a great shave . It 's too bad that it 's getting harder and harder to find them . I know that Gillette , et al. , try to convince us that we need more and more blades to get the job done , which is fine ... . I 'm not convinced . I 'll stick with the product as long as I can .
 I have been using Gillette Atra Plus for over 26 years now . I still prefer the two blade cartridges over the 4-5 blades which is total nosense . I shave every other day and a single cartridge can last me one month . Given the fact that these are the cheapest blades from Gillette currently on the market , a single cartridge costs $ 1.45 on average so that equals out to $ 18 per year for shaving . Not bad considering I shave 180 times a year . These 2 bladed Atras give me a closer shave compared to the mach 3 blades . I hear Gillette plans on phasing out the Atra Plus very soon . In fact , I do n't think you can even buy an Atra Plus handle anymore , but they still sell the blades at most department stores . This review has been updated on October 29 , 2011 .
 Hard to find in the store . I 've been using these blades for most of my adult life . I tried the tripple blade and the quad blades and they do n't do the job of this double blade . Ca n't find these in the stores anymore ; so I thank goodness for the internet . Excellent product .
 Atra blades have been around for awhile . Unfortunately , ` fits Atra ' are easier to find . The ORIGINAL Atra blades last longer , are sharper , and the lubricating strip does n't crumble in a few shaves .
 Could n't find replacement blades anywhere for my Altra shaver until I looked them up on Amazon . Not only did I find them , I found them at a fantastic price .
 These razor blades are hard to find in the store and when you do they are far too expensive . These are the real things -LRB- not a knock off , I 've tried that and they REALLY do n't work -RRB- and at a good price . Fast delivery too . Why switch to a new razor with 3,4,5 blades . Just more expensive and does n't shave any better . Thanks for making these still available .
 these are great blades and I got them quickly and the process was very smooth .
 This was a very good low carb bar , with a flavor that I could not differentiate from regular caramel . -LRB- Although I must admit I am not traditionally a huge caramel eater -RRB- Very creamy and slightly tacky but not so gooey that it stuck to my teeth . The chocolate covering was ok too . I will definitely be buying more of these .
 Okay , so the name is `` Kid Glove Shave Gel , '' but it 's also iron fist in a velvet glove shave gel . Granted , it sits on `` his '' counter in our bathroom , but I `` borrow '' it whenever I can.Upon application this kid glove treatment immediately becomes a transparent gel covering those `` difficult '' areas for women to shave . It shaves cleanly , smoothly -LRB- think easily -RRB- while it heals and hydrates due to a healthy infusion of Aloe Leaf Extract.He likes it for the easy glide and healthy glow it gives him . I love it for all of me . The scent is fresh , appealing and it leaves no razor rash or redness only a silky smoothness.Sharps is for me - no flats here .
 I shave with a Merkur double edged razor and this is the best I have found . I 've tried Barc , Zirh , Menscience , Aveda , etc etc and Kid Glove is a great combination of clearness , smoothness , zero irritation and a good smell . The only thing is that it does pack quite a tingle . Personally , it does not burn my face , but I can see how some might find it irritating . It leaves my skin smooth , hydrated and the best part for me is it being clear so I can see exactly what I am shaving . It does n't clog my razor like others and I can see every hair as I am shaving . I would recommend this to anyone that asked for my opinion and did not have super , sensitive skin .
 i used to always use a razor for my neck as my religion does n't allow razors on the face , and an electric shaver for my face . i always struggled to find the perfect combo until now , and this was the missing peaice , very happy with it , well worth the cost . its expensive , but almost everything in life that is good and far superior to the competition is more expensive , right ?
 She loves the way it smells , and it also actually works better as a shave gel than any other I 've tried . My only minor kvetch is that sometimes it hardens into rubber-cement-like goo around the spout and you have to clear that away before using it . But that 's not really a hardship .
 This product is ridiculous . I used to shave electric and have been shaving manually ever since I found this product.A friend of mine now claims he can not shave without it . My girl and his girl both say it is the best scented man product in any category at any price.I do not work for this company nor am I affiliated with them in any way . But let me tell you
 Have tried everything ! This product is heads above all others . I 'm writing a review because I 'm shock someone gave it 4star . All thick gels clog the razor , what 's amazing is how little this product clogs it - then if rinses right off and you go back to shaving .
 This stuff is n't bad for shaving in the shower where others will run of easily . It sticks to you pretty well and is well suited for women 's leg shaving and other areas you might tend to in the shower . It tends to load up your razor if you use multi-blades . Good , not great.Update
 For anyone considering a premium shave cream , Sharps Kid Glove Shave Gel is highly recommended . All you need for a great shave and nothing else . Gives a smooth , close shave . Smells great , too .
 I do n't usually use a lot of expensive products , but this shave gel provides an incredibly comfortable shave every time . Do yourself a favor and pair it with a Merkur razor . I switched years ago and wo n't go back to Gillette ...
 Okay , so the name is `` Kid Glove Shave Gel , '' but it 's also iron fist in a velvet glove shave gel . Granted , it sits on `` his '' counter in our bathroom , but I `` borrow '' it whenever I can.Upon application this kid glove treatment immediately becomes a transparent gel covering those `` difficult '' areas for women to shave . It shaves cleanly , smoothly -LRB- think easily -RRB- while it heals and hydrates due to a healthy infusion of Aloe Leaf Extract.He likes it for the easy glide and healthy glow it gives him . I love it for all of me . The scent is fresh , appealing and it leaves no razor rash or redness only a silky smoothness.Sharps is for me - no flats here .
 Okay , so the name is `` Kid Glove Shave Gel , '' but it 's also iron fist in a velvet glove shave gel . Granted , it sits on `` his '' counter in our bathroom , but I `` borrow '' it whenever I can.Upon application this kid glove treatment immediately becomes a transparent gel covering those `` difficult '' areas for women to shave . It shaves cleanly , smoothly -LRB- think easily -RRB- while it heals and hydrates due to a healthy infusion of Aloe Leaf Extract.He likes it for the easy glide and healthy glow it gives him . I love it for all of me . The scent is fresh , appealing and it leaves no razor rash or redness only a silky smoothness.Sharps is for me - no flats here .
 This is my favorite shave gel/cream . Instead of having to foam up this gel , you just spread it on your beard . If shows clear , so it is much easier to see what you are shaving . The gel lubricates you skin so the razor glides right over your skin .
 Okay , so the name is `` Kid Glove Shave Gel , '' but it 's also iron fist in a velvet glove shave gel . Granted , it sits on `` his '' counter in our bathroom , but I `` borrow '' it whenever I can.Upon application this kid glove treatment immediately becomes a transparent gel covering those `` difficult '' areas for women to shave . It shaves cleanly , smoothly -LRB- think easily -RRB- while it heals and hydrates due to a healthy infusion of Aloe Leaf Extract.He likes it for the easy glide and healthy glow it gives him . I love it for all of me . The scent is fresh , appealing and it leaves no razor rash or redness only a silky smoothness.Sharps is for me - no flats here .
 For me , this Blue Sage fragrance is the best smelling among all of Caldrea 's cleaning product lines . I was already familiar with the dish washing liquid -LRB- as someone got me hooked with a free sample -RRB- and I love the way it smells up my kitchen after washing a few dishes . So I decided to try the Stainless Steal cleaner because my stainless appliances easily get fingerprints all over them and I ca n't get them completely off with just water or regular cleaners . This stuff not only removed them immediately , but it seemed to make the stainless steal resistant to them for quite a while afterward . Since I got the ss cleaner I have only had to use it once.I highly recommend this stuff if you have the same problem ; I do n't think you 'll be disappointed . It 's worth it for the fresh smell alone but it also happens to do it 's job very well too .
 This is the best stainless steel cleaner ever . I was looking for a safe product to use around my baby . I picked this product because it is olive oil based verses all the other products which are petroleum based . I have never really used a product I have been happy with . All of them streak and need super fast buffing action . Also , the stainless steal surface would look a mess again in a day . I figured this one could n't be worse than the others and at least it was safe for baby . I was so surprised . This product is fabulous . It cleans easy , cleans really well and protects the steel from normal use finger prints for at least a week . It smells incredible . This product is pricey , but worth ever penny . You also do not need to use much so the cost may balance out to compare with less expensive products in the end .
 I was so tired of being sick again that I finally tried ZICAM Sinus Relief . My friend recommended it to me a while ago , but I just did n't think I needed it . This time I did . Though it has a strange consistency , it works very well . After using it for couple of days , I was feeling better .
 I ordered these to be used at wedding shower that was taking place at our house . They turned out to be very sturdy and looked good at the same time . People piled food high on these and did not buckle when held with one hand .
 These were wonderful for my outside wedding.Disposable , strong , and classy!What more can you say ! I will order morefor future events !
 We used these plates paired with the 6 '' dessert plates for a semi-formal Christmas Dinner . They looked great as an overlay for the china dishes that we used . Great product and great price !
 Worried about the quality of the plastic , they are really nice and got here on time ! Very happy with them .
 Perfect match . Very happy with the combination.Made a nice breakfast set for Christmas morning.Didn ' t want dishes and this was perfect .
 The plates came quickly and were exactly what we were looking for ... the cost was great compared to what everyone else was charging ... great company and highly recommend them to everyone ...
 I have fat ankles -LRB- cankles -RRB- and wear wide calf boots . I have a severe strain/sprain and my doctor prescribed a metal lace up brace , but my ankes were to fat to fit . I have been searchinf for a week not for an alternate brand that will tighten on ankle for ZERO side to side motion and free motion in other directions . This brace feels great , but does n't suit my purpose , so returned . My issue is that the molded plastic brace is flexible - it gives more support than an elastic bandage without the bulk , but did n't full prevent movement . If you have a fat ankle and smaller foot this brand was the ONLY one that fit snug on ankle and opened with full flap coverage on calf . I were a women 's 8.5-9 and have a 19 '' calf muscle whith a cankle below . The XL fit me perfectly -LRB- boxes said s-xl so I do n't know how they translate here .
 Having broken both ankles -LRB- the left one twice -RRB- I now wear braces on both ankles when I play tennis . On the left ankle I wear an older brace without the heel locking straps , and have found this quite successful in stabilizing my ankle . Since a recent right ankle fracture , I have been wearing the brace I 'm now reviewing -LRB- the one with heel locking straps -RRB- on my right ankle , and have found it much more supportive and comfortable . I can recommend this product without reservation to protect against inversion/eversion injuries .
 Broke both leg bones at the ankle and needed something smaller than the Big Boot to wear at night so i could sleep and be more comfortable . This has been great gives support and i can wear this during the day at times in my work boot . Started wearing it after 4 months in the Big Boot and has been a huge relief . Has side support so i know i am protected too gives me more confidence .
 This is the exact same ankle brace I got from a doctor years ago when I sprained my ankle . It works great , I am able to get around with little pain and its comfortable enough to sleep in . Thank 's Amazon for saving me a trip to the doctors and allot of money .
 it is soft quiet & washes well . well worth it beds are $ $ $ $ $ .
 We purchased this cover to protect our new King size latex mattress . Over the course of the last 4 months , we have had several doggie accidents on the bed but the cover has held up great ! One time , the bed was wet for an hour or so before we got it off the mattress but it kept it dry nonetheless.Great product for a very good price .
 Very happy with this product . Indeed , there is no `` crinkly '' sound , and it feels very natural . It 's just what I needed .
 I bought this as a preventive measure in my late pregnancy to protect my expensive Tempur-Pedic king sized mattress . It fits the mattress well . I put my sheets on top of these , and there 's no crinkly sound . When this mattress protector first arrived , I tested it by pouring a cup of water on top of it . The water indeed stayed off !
 Best thing I did for my bed . It keeps the mattress protected very well.I have a 7 month old and I do n't have to worry about bringing him to our bed
 When I was pregnant I bought this in case my water broke in bed . We have a new mattress and I did n't want to take any chances . We also have dogs who used to sleep in the bed . This cover was a good investment . We 've never had any accidents , but I feel better that it 's there . It does n't make any `` plastic '' sounds and is soft and flexible . It is also easy to clean . Now that we have a baby -LRB- and are expecting another -RRB- I think this was a good purchase that will last for years ... I 'm sure bottles , sippie cups , etc. will fall at some point , and I know our mattress will be safe . We are very happy with this purchase !
 It looks nice and soft , does not make any noise either , dont know how it absorbs the liquid but has worked so far without any stains to my mattress .
 We bought this to cover and protect our new king memory foam mattress.We got it , threw it in the wash , and used it the first night on our new bed.I could n't tell that it was even there . It makes no sound , fits the mattress perfectly , and is nice and soft.Nice to have the water protection also in case our young son sleeps with us and has an accident ... or our dogs and cats ... Highly recommended !
 I had a puppy when I bought this as a preventative measure - just in case she jumped on the bed and ... thankfully , nothing to report . The product seems to be constructed well - and fit my bed perfectly .
 I like this , guess the only problem I have and it has nothing to do with the seller and that is the size . I asked a friend of mine if there was more then one size for king size . Before buying this I had just bought a new king size bed . Seem like this protector and sheets that I have bought seem to be a little big .
 We recently got a new mattress and wanted to make sure it is protected . This cover fits perfectly and goes on easily . Very happy with it .
 superior craftsmanship and the material has a silky feel providing the best protection from dust , chemicals , and dust mites .
 I 've tried many , many , many deodorants -LRB- never anti-perspirant ; sweating is an essential bodily function -RRB- -- from the conventional stuff to the organic , all-natural , magic crystal products . They either did n't work at all or at their best had me smelling a mixture of BO and their particular fragrance ; unacceptable in any case.I happily opted-out of using deodorants for a few years , but when a friend introduced me to Sharps I opted-in again ; now the people around me are happy.Happy me , happy you , happy everyone !
 I 'd been trying to find a non chemical laden deodorant for a couple years , all the tom 's irritated my skin , the mineral deodorants did too . I tried this one because of the good reviews . It works great , no B.O. even after working all day outside in 90 degrees . I do n't like the way it goes on , it does n't go on as smooth as I 'd like , but other than that it 's great .
 I was very skeptical of this deodorant when I bought it . I have been very impressed with how well it has worked . It seems to keep the stink from my armpits down all day even in hot 90 degree days . It is a great non-scented deodorant ! I was looking for a deodorant I could use that would not compete with my cologne and would leave my underarms scent free without any aluminum and this is it ! I would highly recommend this deodorant !
 I buy this from sharps in multiples of four at a time because it works so well . I noticed that my expensive dress shirt collection was getting all messy from my other deoderant and it prompted a change . Not only does this deoderant not stain , you do n't smell ANYTHING . After a few months of wearing you can even skip a day and go unnoticed . the only problem is that your body has to get used to it which takes about three-five days since they use natural ingredients ... . so start on a friday and by monday you 'll be smelling perfect !
 My husband and I only use natural bodycare products.Unfortunately , every natural deoderant -LRB- from Tom 's of Maine , Jason , Nature 's Gate , Crystal , etc. -RRB- we tried was either ineffective or led to extreme itching and eczema-like sypmtoms -- very uncomfortable to say the least.Happy Me Pit Guard is the most effective product ever . It stops odor , wetness and has no annoying scent . Despite its cool , quirky packaging , it is a no-nonsense product . It is worth the money.Users need to wait a few moments after applying to let it dry in order to reduce possible white stains on clothing .
 My friend recommended these to me . I 'm so glad that I bought them . They are SO worth the money to me . I love love love them . They 're even better than my $ 500 + custom orthotics from my podiatrist!I love them because they prevent me from having foot and leg pain at the end of the day . However , I ca n't say that I noticed any difference in cellulite or fitness of my legs.I have unusually high arches and my feet supinate when I stand , walk or run . Without any inserts or orthotics , if I stand or walk slowly for too long , my heels and arches are so painful and it causes my thigh muscles to ache all night and I ca n't sleep . My orthotics lessened this quite a bit but they do n't fit in most shoes because they 're too bulky . I wanted to try something that I could wear in my other shoes and so I bought these.With these , I can walk or stand all day and my feet are in next to no pain at the end of the day . Now , I prefer wearing these instead of my orthotics . I 've had these for 6 months now and use them nearly every day and they 're still holding up .
 My sister bought smartsoles -LRB- actually bought 2 pairs and has them in her boots and her sneakers -RRB- and loves them . We go walking together every other day and after hearing how comfortable and how energized she feels for the last month , I decided to buy 2 pairs . Well I did n't check the size info and I have size 11 feet -LRB- yes I am also over 6 feet tall . . one very tall woman !! -RRB- Though the smartsole fit my sister 's size 8 feet perfectly . . they were a no go on my huge boats.I contacted smartsole and they took my return promptly and nicely . . could not have been nicer . I appreicated how easy it was ... not like the seller that sold me the faulty farouck chi hair dryer that not only does not make my hair straight . . it burns my scalp like crazy !
 I can put them in ANY shoes for extra exercise every day ; worth the money !
 I like Earth Shoes because the heel is lower than the instep and it makes your posture better when you walk . I had a great pair of shoes that were n't Earth shoes and so I got these insoles and they work great . Now I am not limited to the Earth shoe styles . I was hoping they would fit into narrower walking shoes -LRB- like ferragamo -RRB- but they do n't . Use them for athletic shoes and walking shoes . I use them in Mephistos and LL Bean shoes and I am buying more of them . You should gradually get used to them because they position your weight differently and can cause muscle pain at first but since I was used to Earth Shoes , I did n't have to get used to them at all . Great product . I 've been looking for something like this .
 Since re-injury to a 40 year old broken foot and then foot surgery to correct developing it 's own problems I find all that relieves my misery is the MBT , Sketchers , Etc. rocker style footwear . So I have a closet full of fantastic winter and hiking and climbing boots even that I can not wear . Not to mention ice-skates . None of which have the MBT style soles . None of the MBT 's even my hikers that no longer are made have a solid enough sole to wear on ice and snow covered paths for walking in winter up here with or without trax . Soooo I 'm trying these out . So far they help but have n't been brave enough to try them on ice yet . Have n't tried them in my ice skates either . Since as others mention they do not provide the same flexibilty that a true MBT does as far as rocking your foot all the way back when you step ... that 's fine . I just really need some firm support for the outside of my bad foot . And with a pair I can keep my leg length the same so do wear in both shoes . These were definitely better than the other pairs of Barefoot insert soles I bought at the same time . And for approx the same price . I 'll eventually be back for more as they are made a lot better and feel better than anything I 've attempted to date . From a few of the bad reviews I worried they would n't be made well ... but much better quality than several more expensive ones I 've tried . Also they do give that outside support I needed . Since it 's winter I have n't attempted to wear them in all my non rocker style shoes yet . They wo n't stay in most sandals however . And I was using them in a pair of flipflops that are slightly rocker styled and they slip out the back side as they are a clog and they do n't have a removable insert either . Overall I recommend . Not for an excercise burn your glutes fad thing but if you have foot problems so often this style is the answer as are the MBT 's to regular shoes . I paid 300 for a single orthotic insert custom made by a doctor and it gave me no help ... thus the surgery eventually which left the foot in less pain but weakened and in need of constant support that most arch or foot inserts are n't set up for ... they work on under the foot or the inside of the foot but not the outside support so much where I need it . Will buy a few more pairs of these for spares and to use in other pairs of shoes so not having to switch them out all the time .
 I have a form of arthritis in my left ankle and have limited movement in it . So , I have to have a lift either installed onto my shoe or put in as an insole so I do n't put much strain on my knee . These insoles are the perfect height and have literally been a life-saver to put in my shoes that do not have lifts ! Plus they are super comfortable and flexible !
 I bought these insoles about a month ago & love them . I am on my feet about 7 hrs . a day & was having lower back pain but as soon as I started wearing the insoles , the pain was gone . I also love that I can switch them easily to each pair of shoes . When I go walking I put them in my tennis shoes & I have definitely seen more tone in my legs & bottom . I felt the burn & was a little sore the first few days but that was it . After that , they are comfortable & I am so pleased with the results I 've gotten with them . I will for sure get more when I wear these out . Great deal !
 I recently moved to Boston and though not blond , had a blond moment when I gave my address for where to send the product . I kinda used a combination of my old and new address . Long story short , my product got lost in the mail and it was totally my fault . The customer service people at SmartSole sent me out a new pair immediately and were super nice about it.All that aside , I love the insole . I am still not a super model , but with my daily morning walk in my Smartsoles . I am making a dent on the baby weight I put on !
 I do n't buy into the hype about products reducing cellulite . That said shoes and insoles that claim to do so are generally pretty good for your feet ! I have neck and back problems and needed some good insoles for work - standing for hours at a time . I love these insoles . My feet do n't hurt after a long day at work and I can put them in almost all of my sneakers / boots . I will be buying another pair of these when the ones I 'm currently wearing fall apart . They are a better investment than the $ 100 I spent on a pair of sneakers that do the exact same thing .
 After 11/2 years of therapy for my plantar fascitis ; expensive custom made orthotics , and pain I 'm in heaven . I 'm going to buy another one or two of these after Christmas so I wo n't have to change them from one pair of shoes/boots to another .
 I wear the Sketcher Shape-Ups all the time to relieve the pain from plantar fascitis and was looking for the same relief when I play tennis . I found theseby accident , reluctantly tried them , and I have to say my heel pain is improving after 9 months of pain and agony ! I wear the adidas tennis shoes and placethese inserts right in without having to remove the insole . Some sneakers may not be deep enough and you have to remove the insole in order for the smartsole to fit comfortably . I have flat feet and this product provides great support on the arch and great cushion on the heel ! I have recommended these tomy friends who also suffer from plantar fascitis . Believe me , I have tried EVERY insert out there and this one wins !
 I have had mine for a few weeks now and have loved them from day one . I walk and stand on cement floors all day . It took the first week for my muscles in my legs and feet to get use to them . It was n't bad , you just noticed you were using them more . I will buy more .
 I have worked foodservice for more years than I care to remember . Tweleve hour days in this industry are the norm and being on your feet for the majority of those hours is a given . The worst way to spend those hours is with sore or aching feet . This product cushions the heel and arch of your foot making standing & walking a more pleasurable experience . The smartsole helps to correct your posture . Good posture helps to alleviate back pain . Do not hesitate to buy this product , you will not regret it.Ann Partlow DTRBlanchester , OH
 I wear these inside my paddock boots when I ride my horse and I love them . They give the same calorie burning & toning effect that my toning sneaks do , which I like because I 'm wearing riding boots 3 + days a week , and I do feel -LRB- and see -RRB- the difference when I wear these . I love them so much that I want two more pairs , one for my show boots and one as a back-up ! Once you put your shoe on , you ca n't even feel them , but you know they 're working . Plus , because the negative heel technology , which automatically makes your heel lower than your toes , they help with keeping your heels down in the stirrups ... a must for equestrians like me !! I 'm very happy I purchased these insoles , great buy !
 You have to have shoes that are wider and a little loose in order for them to fit right .
 Very good heel cushioning , and feels great in my high arch , but I still have some ball/front of foot discomfort/burning after a couple of miles , so I am not sure how much it changes your stance or posture to a more posterior muscle balance . They are great in my sneakers but the depth of the heel cushion does not fit in any of my dress shoes for work ; so good for sneakers , hiking boots , heavier day to day shoes . Overall a good insole , do n't know that I have found the perfect one though . Do feel a workout in my butt and back of legs , but that could be the workouts and not necessarily the insoles . Have only had them 3 weeks , so will evaluate more as time passes and they have more miles put on them ; have n't asked my boyfriend about any cellulite changes - cuz he is only allowed one answer anyway : -RRB-
 These insoles are so comfortable . Even on long walks , my feet do n't hurt . I do n't know about the anti-cellulite aspect , but they would work for anyone who is on their feet a lot .
 Do n't know if they are removing any cellulite but they are comfy , cushy , & helps with my heel pain.After a couple of blocks on walk with the dog my calves start feeling it . . they may need to be `` broken in '' . Over all , great buy !
 I was pleasantly surprised by how much I LOVE these insoles . I walk and exercise more comfortably and they can easily be transferred from shoe to shoe . I immediately purchased two additional pairs because I loved them so much !
 got these today and just love them i have also purchased the shape up shoes for every day i got the insoles to put in my bowling shoesi will tell everyone about this great productthey give me energy i have been able to do more work then i have been able in the past 2yrs i feel like a kid againno back or leg pain all day & have been able to bowl more freely than beforethese insoles are the best if you ca n't afford the shape-ups shoes you canput these in any of you own shoesthey are just great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lisafayetteville nc
 Since I bought these insoles , I have recognized improvement in my body . But I am not sure if it 's due to these insoles , because I have started an intense exercise regimen around the same time I bought them . The first day I wore them , I felt soreness in my legs though . So I believe they work . Beyond that , they transform every pair of shoes into amazingly comfortable shoes . They are easy to insert into shoes . My only complaint is that I can not wear them with heels . I wish they made another version for heels .
 I have purchased smart soles before and absolutely LOVE them . I usually wear them in my sneakers and they are great for work outs and walk/running . They also last for quite awhile , which is a nice bonus .
 Because of an injury to my foot , I ca n't wear shoes with backs . I was interested in the sketchers shape ups , but I ca n't wear them . This was a nice alternative because I can put it inside my backless tennis shoes . They also make standing more comfortable for me .
 I got these insoles since I walk so much anyway , I figured why not make the best of it ? I 'm so happy I did , because not only are they effective -LRB- my husband says my backside looks better than ever ! -RRB- but they 're incredibly comfortable ! They add a little spring to your step that makes you want to walk that much more ... definitely worth the purchase !
 I have been wearing my insoles for a month now , and I love them . My legs definitely feel more energized and look more toned . The insoles do not fit in high heeled shoes but are great for sneakers and walking type shoes . I bought a pair for my mother who is BIG cynic and she loves them .
 I have been wearing my smartsole insoles for 2 months now and definitely feel a difference . My trainer recommended them to me and I have worn them almost every day since I first tried them . The skin on my thighs looks smoother .
 I 'm a walker for exercise and I purchased these as a compromise for the expensive negative heel shoes I 've seen advertised . I 've only been using these insoles about two weeks , but I can already say that I feel my posture is better , and my feet feel great even after long , hilly walks . For the price , I 'm very pleased with these insoles - just purchased a second pair .
 My legs feel great . I have them in both my sneakers and work shoes and I really feel a difference .
 I like these insoles , but the arch was n't high enough for me . I have had plantar fasciitis for two years , and still have pain . The cushion filled cut out is wonderful . If the arch was higher I would have rated these insoles as a 5 . I wear them on days I have moderate , to no pain so I do n't know if they will get rid of cellulite . The feel is similar to my Earth shoes which make me stand strait and I do get a feel that I am getting some kind of workout while just walking.If you do n't have high arches I think these will be great for you . They are well worth the money to try them.For those of you suffering from plantar fasciitis I recommend Brooks tennis shoes , originally made for runners . They hold your heal in place and have some arch support . I have tried so many other shoes , even with springs these work the best for me .
 I wore these for the first time to work -LRB- 12 hr shift ... not so smart -RRB- ended up being on my feet all day , and my tush was killing me just 4 hours into my shift ... and for several days later , I can tell you i felt the burn ! I would recommend them for a little extra work to your step ... could n't hurt that 's for sure .
 Today was my first day using these . I put them in a pair of boots that I love but would always cause my feet discomfort by mid day -LRB- especially my left foot -RRB- . The first thing I would do after getting home from work would be to take off my boots . Well today my feet felt great all day and when I got home there was NO hurry to get the boots off !! And this was just the first day , I cant wait to see how things are in another month or two ! I was leary about this product when I saw it advertised but thought what the heck , if it doesnt work I 'll return them . If it doesnt do anything else but give my feet comfort in my boots/shoes , then it was worth buying ! I do recommend them !
 Have used in several shoes styles and love them , , , , , I do feel toning in upper thighs an hips area , around to the rear end
 I swear by these !! They are the only insoles I 've found that get rid of my lower back pain . I 'm a nurse and am on my feet all day and when I get home my feet and back do n't hurt , I also have high arches and they support those too !
 I work in a factory I am on my feet for 12 hours they are nice & comfortable . I had 1 pair already they last about 2 too 3 years .
 I 'm on my feet on concrete 12 hours a day . these are amazing ! they do n't tone . period . you have to work out to get that affect . but they helped with my hip and knee pains and my posture . and they lasted a good six months - which is longer than the shoes they were in ...
 I love these insoles ... I wear them in every pair of shoes I own . The first time I bought them and started using them I definitely felt sore the next day but after I used them for awhile I do not feel it working my legs anymore but they are still awesome insole that help with my bad knees . One caveat is that they are fairly thick so they do not fit in some shoes .
 I love this product , but recently purchased by mistake the Dry Idea Advanced Dry . I would not reccomment this new product because it causes armpits to itch which is very annoying . So be sure to check the label closely .
 I 'm using DryIdea for a while now as deodorant , my skin is a bit sensitive so I prefer scent-free ones . And unfortunately everything else leaves very annoying spots in shirts - especially white ones - which are hard to wash out . I do n't have that problem anymore since using DryIdea and it works for me well all day too . So I would absolutely recommend it .
 Great product . AS advertised and price was as good as Sams . I will buy it again when I run out of it .
 I have found this to be a very good , effective product . It is superior to other palmetto supplements I have used . I was pleased with the prompt deliver .
 This product works as intended to alleviate the symptom of BPH . It is an alternative to hard core prescribed drug .
 Love having a alternative to Baby Vicks -LRB- and the horrible additives in that product -RRB- . This product was soothing and smelled great . Thanks to Amazon we were able to reorder , as it was sold out locally during the cold and flu season . We could only find nasty Vicks , and I wasnt about to put that on my 6 month old baby .
 My 21/2 year old son had a very runny nose , slight fever and overall miserable . Last night after his bath I rubbed some on his chest , back and on his feet . Within a half hour his nose was n't running anymore and this morning he woke up a different little man . He looks about 90 % better from his cold and I 'm one happy camper . Thank you !
 I 'm glad I tried this . My poor 5 mo. old got a cold and cough from his older siblings and we put this on his feet as I 've heard recommended for years and it worked all night . No coughing . If he woke up , I 'd do it again . definately recommend .
 I used this when my son was teething and had a sight cold . It worked great , the smell was awesome . Rosemary and Lavender !!! LOVE IT ...
 This is basically a vapo rub with lavender and rosemary in the mix . It is formulated to be milder that adult vaporub , so baby 's skin can handle it better . I like it better than the adult version and use it on myself . Great stuff !
 I love that I can use this on smaller babies because there is n't much out there that you can . This works wonderfully slathered on babies feet under some socks ! My toddlers and pre-k kids use it nd it works well too .
 My little guy had a cold and I found this product is hard to find in my local stores ... so I ordered it online . It really helped him . The formula is more delicate than adult vapor rubs which was perfect for my 10 month old son . The product came at a decent speed and the packaging protected the jar from being damaged .
 So I do n't really want to eat my 51/2 month old but she does smell awfully good with this stuff on . The rosemary and lavender are a pretty awesome combination - who knew ? Better yet , she sleeps better when rubbed with this during her cold , than with the Dr. recommended 1/2 tsp of children 's benadryl -LRB- yes - not prescribed usage but what the Dr suggested for her bad cold -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's the smell or the very nice action of the medicine but she 's both calm and coughs a LOT less -LRB- like 1/2 cough the whole night -RRB- compared to the night before I used it on her and her waking up 3 times from coughing . I highly recommend and I may try it on her feet to see if it works even better . Plus you can use it on babies under 2 -LRB- unlike Vaporub age indication -RRB- .
 Have not used , the expected benefits as expected &#65292; In that case , really great and child 's Gospel.I believe that is a good
 The guided imagery is excellent - I like the subliminal suggestions as well - have always found that they work . The music is excellent as well - extremely peaceful . Very well done . One just needs to relax let go and put yourself there . I noticed a difference immediately in an infection I have been fighting . I am so thankful there are people out there helping others with cd 's like these .
 My husband was on cholesterol meds and every one did n't work and worse had bad side effects . The doctor kept switching from one to another with the same bad result . I researched natural healing methods , stopped his meds . I did n't tell him , started him on cinnamon . He went to his doctor for a bloodwork check and his doctor said wow we finally have your level lowered by half ! My husband and the doctor were so surprised to find out he was off the meds for over 6 months and supplementing with cinnamon . We will stay with this natural method as I recently heard statin drugs cause heart issues , hardening of the arteries .
 I found that Nature 's Way Cinnamon VCaps brought down my blood sugar levels within one week . After about three weeks , I was able to take only one capsule in the morning . For individuals who also need to lose weight , I have noticed that it helps . I would recommend this product to persons whose levels are not in the highest ranges . You have to monitor your blood sugar daily to ensure that it is not dropping too low and to eat adequately . I purchased this item from Amazon because I could not find it in drug stores .
 Nature 's Way Cinnamon is a good herbal supplement for those who have a slightly high blood sugar , because this product can help maintain and cure this problem.This is also great thing . Also I like the fact that it is organic .
 This item worked as advertised and excellent customer service . I would do business again in the future with this vendor .
 We all know what electric toothbrushes do . They brush for you . So what does a flosser do when you put a battery and a little motor in it?Well , if you 're like me and your teeth are packed pretty tightly together , flossing usually means wrapping floss tightly around your fingers , pressing hard up between your tight teeth in a sawing motion , and finally having that little thread pop through and whip your gums.The hummingbird saves your fingers from strangulation , and the vibration makes the floss slip right through even the tightest spaces.I was skeptical about vibrating razors too , and now hate shaving without one.And honestly , it 's insanely cheap , if nothing else , use it to round out a $ 25 order for free shipping ; -RRB-
 Oral B Hummingbird Flosser Starter Kit Unit , Assorted Colors -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- Great product !! I had gum surgery a couple of years ago and bought one after seeing the ad on the `` gift bag '' from the surgeon . I started using them and have completely eliminated the `` pockets '' from my gums and am getting excellent checkups . I tried to buy them at the local stores and discoved they had apparently been discontinued so I hit the internet . What a shame - I guess not for internet sales but I ca n't believe local stores no longer carry them . I 'm not alone , I 've given the internet information to friends , who are now also buying on line .
 The dentist recommended the hummingbird since I have arthritis so bad I find it hard to thread floss under bridges . The picks do the job real good . The humming bird came shortly after I ordered it and the price was right .
 Have used this product for years and find that for me , it is the absolutely best way to floss effectively . My dental appts . are now favorable after years with gum disease . When my original Hummingbird broke and I realized that I could not find it in our drug stores , target , etc. , I was truly distressed . However , I took a chance that Amazon might lead me in the right direction.My only complaint is that the refills are horrendously expensive .
 Takes the drudge out of flossing ... works fast with flosser adaptor daily . Also the pick attachment removes food residue that sometimes lodges in between teeth.I 'm amazed , however , at the way way way over normal price ! ... go to your popular W drug store website and save lots of ` greens ' ; -RRB-
 I hated flossing before I bought this . I still do n't love to floss , but this flosser makes it tolerable . I always had problems getting in between my molars and wisdom teeth with regular floss , but this flosser makes it easier to clean back there . Shipping was fast , and so far no problems with it . I 've owned it for a couple of months now , and it 's still going strong with the original battery . The only problem I have with it is that it did not come with the mentioned picks . It only came with three flossing replacement heads . Besides that , it 's a wonderful product .
 The gaps between my teeth are VERY tight . When I use conventional floss I only manage to get through a couple of gaps before my teeth cause the floss to fray and break -LRB- usually leaving floss fibers wedged between my teeth -RRB- . Most power flossers on the market are expensive but the Humming Bird Power Flosser is very economical . The vibrating effect enhances the cleaning performance and helps the floss glide between my teeth without breaking . The angle of the head allows me to comfortably reach ALL my teeth ~ even those in back . The affordable price tag + the superior performance + the comfort = -LRB- here 's the good part -RRB- I 'm now able to floss regularly . I bought mine in a store years ago but when I found refill floss heads at Amazon -LRB- also inexpensive -RRB- I also found the flosser starter kit listed and my wife wanted one of her own .
 One might get the impression that it could not amount to much but I find it very nice , very useful , does a heck of a job .
 They did such a good job I went to their website and order more product straight from them !!! They are in constant communication with you on your status . They even allow you to order items on backorder and they fill the items quickly !!!
 Have been using a hummingbird flosser for years , it is easy to use , making daily flossing routine and not a chore .
 Great product , especially when dining out -LRB- I do n't recommend using at the table ! -RRB- lol . Great for keeping in pocket or purse . Great price for the flosser , compared to the large ones that have to be plugged in at home .
 It is very user friendly and fits comfortably in your hand while flossing . It takes a messy job and makes it very easy to do .
 I got this for my husband who had rotator cuff surgery a couple of weeks ago and will be unable to use one arm for a while , but is anxious to keep up with flossing . He 's quite happy with it -- he 's been using the pick attachment and says it 's not quite as good as regular flossing but very close . The y-shaped flosser attachment would probably work better , but neither of us has ever been able to negotiate one of those even by hand , never mind electric-powered . I have n't tried it myself but would like to give it a shot , since like many here , I hate flossing !
 Every once in a while a product that actually works well gets discontinued . Because of this product , I actually started flossing regularly . Now I am on my last disposable floss cartridge and these are going for $ 40 online for a pack of 15 ? That 's disgusting . I should have known this was coming because I noticed the stores stopped carrying them . Long 's was the last store to carry them and I should have cleaned them out of their floss refills . The only thing I did n't like about it was the button was oddly placed such that it was a little difficult for me to floss and push the button at the same time . The button should have locked to keep the vibration on instead of having to hold it down . Other than that , I ca n't say enough about the Hummingbird . Now I 'm going to have to spend a bunch of time testing other potential solutions until I find something new that works for me . This is one of the products that should NOT have been discontinued . Especially considering it had no other competition .
 This was recommended by a dentist and I 'm not sure why the manufacturer discontinued this but this is the best way to floss .
 I love the Hummingbird flosser ! I have a hard time using regular floss and this little item solves the problem . Small enough to slip in your pocket or purse and can be used anytime . Use with or without the vibrating function .
 The hummingbird flosser makes the chore of flossing teeth easier and a lot less messy . Great way to get kids into the habit of flossing .
 I love this flosser , bought some for the grandkids and after 4 yrs of not beingto a dentist myself the hygenist said it did a great job , and only a little plaque , butexcellent on teeth and gums !
 We have used these flossers for many years . Fred Meyer Wallgreen 's and Wall Mart no longer carry them . I have always hated flossing but this product is really handy and easy to use . My dental checkups have had much better results and the hygienist noticed how much better my teeth are soon after starting to use the Humming Bird . No , they are not a trained bird that sits on your lip . Ha !
 Oral-B Humming Bird power flosser and pick kit.Oral B Hummingbird Flosser Starter Kit Unit , Assorted ColorsThis product is very good . Help me to do my daily routine to floss . I got the 1st one for free when I bought the tooth brush . I try it first it really hard . But after get use to it . This Hummingbird is the best . Not only cut the flosing time but also get to the hard to reach area very easily and compact enough to bring them anywhere , it is a little expensive but I use it over and over and over again so ending up not that bad when you thing to use the regular floss that you have to throw them away not only the area that we use but also the area that I use on the finger what a waste and probably will be more waste on the land field that this small thing that you could use over and over again . I never try the pick it but I would try that when I receive the order from Amazon I do not know I hear this thing is no longer available and one more thing since I use this hummingbird my mirror is cleaner . Because if use the standard one they are so messy and hurt my finger -LRB- because it hit teeth and finger skin ouch -RRB-
 My husband has parkinsons and it is hard for him to floss . The Hummingbird is so easy for him to use . I was disappointed that Oral B does not make it any more and I am happy I can find it online .
 I can literally floss my teeth in about 10 seconds now , and I can proudly say I 'm in the 2 % of Americans that actually floss their teeth twice a day . My dentist has noticed .
 WHY can I NOT find this in the stores anymore ? After searching more than 2 months at many discount , pharmacy , variety stores ; I finally found Hummingbirds again on Amazon . My hygeneist always comments on my excellent oral health -- and that is partly due to Hummingbird . The little bit of vibration helps the floss slip between close contacts . The handle lets me floss with one hand and not get my fingers all sloppy in the process . Perhaps , if enough people start buying this marvelous little devise , we can get Oral-B to produce and put them in regular stores again . BUy a few .
 I bought a ` Hummingbird ' many years ago . Outside of the ocassional battery change , this product was swellThey , about two months ago , it stopped working . I cleaned it , thoroughly and replaced the battery . Still no dice ! Not bad after ten years of service ! The search began for a replacement , but not even Oral-b had them!I took a shot at Amazon -LRB- after al , Amazon has everything -RRB- and found it!I know I 've only had it a month , but so farm , so good !
 As said , my dentist told me about this and at Amazon is now the only place I can find . I still have one and bought 2 , hopefully I am stocked up for a while . Great product and order arrived very fast . Highly recommend .
 This is the best flosser I 've used for years . It 's better than any other product in the market -LRB- that I 've tried -RRB- by far . Easy to use , it reaches all the way to the back teeth despite its short size . The vibration makes the flossing quick and efficient keeping the in-between teeth clean and the gums healthy . It 's a shame I ca n't find it in stores any more .
 I had an Oral-B battery powered flosser , but it broke , I bought it three or four years ago and loved it because you get the little forked floss between your teeth , you push the button and the floss vibrates between your teeth . I went back to a food store where I bought it off the shelves and it was not there . I looked then at major retail stores in the dental section and no one seemed to carry it . Indeed , no one seemed to know about it . I searched on Amazon , found the product , and bought two of them . It ' was only $ 14 for two of them , including shipping . Flossing made easy ... and you get to hear a hummingbird !
 I purchased this because my husband did not like to floss his teeth because they are spaced close together.This is great ! My husband now flosses his teeth and can easily get in between . Although he did break one , and willeventually have to purchase more flossers .
 My mother initially bought me a hummingbird flosser years ago ... . it was the only reason I ever flossed . Really it is just so easy to use . After tons of use my initial one died and THANK YOU Amazon -LRB- and associated merchants -RRB- for allowing me to find a replacement . I highly recommend this for anyone that hates flossing but knows you really should do it daily . It makes it a joy !
 I have been using Oral-B 's Hummingbird daily for a few years now , and it has greatly helped with the all-necessary but dreaded flossing -LRB- using any other kind of floss just seems ridiculous after using the Hummngbird -RRB- . Regular use means that I have n't had to visit my dentist for anything more serious than my semiannual check-up and cleaning for the past years , so I know it works greatly . Also , it 's very small and easy to carry around , so I never leave for vacation without one . I used to have a waterpick flosser , but obviously could n't carry it around with me ; so nowadays , I only use the Hummingbird.The only problem I 've had with it is that I seem to go through one flosser per year or two , as they are somewhat fragile
 I 've got a problem . I just do n't like flossing . For years , my dentist has been warning me that I need to floss more , and it just does n't happen . I try . I really do , but it is just so difficult to make a proper habit of it.With the Oral-B Humming bird , and specifically with it 's `` pick '' attachment , I actually find myself flossing regularly , and the dentist has noticed as well!I can just keep it on the side-table next to the couch , and as I am either reading or watching TV it is very easy to uncap it and floss my teeth and give my gums a workout.For me , the picks seem to last quite a while . I just switched in a new pick , having used the first pick for over a year.I 've noticed that the Oral-B website no longer seems to list this product -LRB- but search engines can still find the page inside the site -RRB- , so I 'm a little concerned that perhaps it is no longer being made , so I 've picked up a few extras , as well as a bunch of picks so it should last me for a while .
 This is a great item . I will have better teeth and gums it just needs to be found in stores
 I have used the Hummingbird since it first came out , recommended by my dentist , and it is outstanding ! Very easy to use , effective -LRB- my teeth and gums get top marks from my dentist and periodontist -RRB- , and portable . About a year ago I discovered these were no longer readily available as they used to be , and tried a Waterpik flosser -- which was more expensive , poorly designed , and much less effective . I had one remaining Hummingbird that I was guarding , and occasionally would use it after the Waterpik -- it always removed stuff the Waterpik had missed . Now that I 've found the Hummingbird on-line at Amazon -LRB- I should have looked sooner -RRB- , I am delighted . This item ca n't be beat .
 I like this product . It is hard to find . I am discouraged that it is phasing out .
 I have been using the hummingbird flosser for several years . But , only recently have been unable to find either the hummingbird or the refills . I have checked at least 4 stores . Sure hope it has not been discontinued . I have resorted to buying refills online .
 The picks are great to get extra plaque out - ca n't get enough of them ... nice before bed ritual.Flossing - with anything like this , stick to the old fashioned way - all flossers like this -LRB- any brand -RRB- always shred after one or two teeth -LRB- if you have tight teeth like mine -RRB- and break.The pick function - fabulous .
 Fabulous product ! I use this every day at home , and this sampler pack is perfect for travel !
 I do n't really know what differentiates between a good and a bad changing pad , but this one is perfect in my book . Cleans up easily thanks to the plasticy top layer , fits perfectly in my changing table , and its soft enough to make my son comfortable . He actually prefers laying on this than in his bassinet . Nothing to complain about on this baby .
 This was bigger than the last one purchased and the same price so it worked well because baby 's grow so fast .
 Works as expected . I would give it 5 stars but its a bit slippery on the bottom and has a tendency to slide all over the place .
 Works great for my little one . He is quite the squirmer and it keeps him on the table while I 'm changing his diaper .
 I am really happy with this changing pad . It 's a good size for a growing baby and I like the fact you can strap the baby in later . My little one is already a squirmer ! Super easy to wipe and clean .
 This changing pad is great . It is as advertised , fits my changing table perfectly . I like the contour and baby LOVES to be on his changing table . We bought 2 of these , one for our house , and one for the grandparents house .
 Just received the changing pad and it came exactly as described . Fit our changing table perfectly . We like the thickness of the pad and the contour . It appears to be very good quailty for the price !
 Her changing table is her favorite place to be . She loves this mat so much I am considering making it her bed !!
 I received the changing pad in mail yesterday . I bought it based on the positive reviews . I only give it a 4 out of 5 b/c I have not used the pad yet . It looks like it will be a good changing pad but I will just have to wait and see .
 Having used the O'Cedar hardwood mop for my kitchen floor for several years and needing new refill bonnets , I was dismayed they were no longer available at my local stores . I found them at Amazon and hope this resource does n't dry up . They have become more expensive , but I paid the price since I like my mop so well .
 Wet the terry cloth with slightly soapy water , wring it out , microwave it for a few seconds , snap the elastic edge of the terry cloth onto your mop * and PRESTO -- your kitchen floor will be clean in seconds . When you 're done , just throw the terry cloth in the washing machine . No more buckets , no more dirty water , no more buying the throw-away products that do n't really get the job done . Works great with Murphy 's Oil Soap on hardwoods , too . * Use a plastic mop tool with a flat swivel head .
 This mop cover is perfect - just toss it in the wash and it dries quickly . Use it over and over and it does not shrinkin the wash . There is no `` color '' to fade on other items in the wash . This item is much better than the throw awaycovers . I would purchase it again . The price is reasonable for something so durable . Just check the size of yourmop before purchase - there are several sizes . Keep an extra on hand if doing a lot of floors in your home .
 just what i needed but could n't find in the stores . . had an old one , but no one carries it anymore
 I ` lm so glad to have found the replacement bonnets for my Ocedar floorduster thanks to amazon store , H.W in oklahoma
 works perfect with mop . This is great for all wood floors . I use it wet or dry . makes a good dust mop .
 I love this for dry mopping the floors , would n't say it 's great for wet mopping , but it will do either .
 My wife and I moved to Mexico five years ago . Where we now reside is very dusty and gritty . Although we own and use a floor machine on the tile floors , in both the casa and casita , this O Cedar Floor N More washable mop-head is the perfect solution for hard floors between machine cleanings . It has a large surface contact with the floor and is easy to guide around furniture , collecting the daily dust and grit . After dry dusting , we use a spray bottle containing an amonia dilution to moisten floors , and use the same terry cloth head to clean . Although it can not reach down into grout joints like the machine , it leaves the floors spotless . Much better than conventional dry dust mops , and worlds better than the wet string mop . Keep six in the pantry , use them , then throw them in the wash with other dust rags and mop-head oovers . Great product .
 This product shipped very quickly and worked exactly as advertised . The whole lot flashed perfectly . The toothbrushes included are an assortment of colors -LRB- pink , blue and yellow -RRB- , which was very important for my 3 kids . Very satisfied !
 Invented by a dad and his young daughter , FireFly flashing toothbrush encourages kids to brush more thoroughly than regular toothbrushes.FireFly light up timer toothbrush lights up and flashes for 60 seconds , the dentist recommended time for kids to thoroughly brush each row of teeth . The light can be activated easily by a press of a button or tap on the bottom of the brush , allowing children to learn and take charge of their brushing at a young age.With many different colors and designs you can find a fun tooth brush that your child will enjoy looking at as well as using.We got the Barbie FireFly tooth brush and my daughter was thrilled . It came at the right time as her old tooth brush was in for a trip to the trash can.I love this tooth brush because of the flashing light that is a 1 minute timer . Infinity knows that she has to keep brushing as long as the light is flashing . This ensures that she will brush her teeth for at least that long . She has been known to brush longer than that just because it is a fun tooth brush.I received a free FireFly tooth brush from PrRevolution via the Product Review Place . Thanks!You can check out more here and get your own FireFly tooth brush at your local supermarket .
 We bought two of these at the same time . One worked for a day , the other worked until it wore out about four months later . So four stars instead of five . Cute and fun .
 I was looking for the more simple version of the Firefly toothbrushes , and was so happy thinking I found them that I did n't read the details . When they arrived , not only do they light up , but the stems are a bit larger in diameter -LRB- which makes it easier for little hands to hold on to -RRB- . The larger stems accommodate a little character , and when you shake it or turn it over , there is a little `` lava lamp '' like thing going on . Very cute ! I like that there 's a box of 12 so both of our girls have a good supply of toothbrushes . At such a young age , they tend to chomp on the toothbrushes , wearing them out pretty fast .
 I really love this toothbrush . for two main reasons really . First , my son loves it . He loves the light and the glitter in the toothbrush . I really love the brush for its shape . I love that it is slightly wider at the base , making it easier for him to hold and manipulate ! Great toothbrush
 All of the toothbrushes I received were in working order.My daughter loves the glitter inside , and loves the blinking mechanism -LRB- we 've used Firefly toothbrushes for a while now . -RRB- The characters inside the little `` snow globe '' are a little odd looking -LRB- I wish it were a more gender-neutral , plain firefly ! -RRB- The wide handles are very easy to hold onto.Each toothbrush comes w / its own stand ... a pair of cartoon-style feet ! The stand is cheap plastic , but its adorable and does its job.I still think I prefer the plain Firefly brushes as they are less gendered .
 I have some fairly serious neck issues -LRB- `` You got a lot going on in there , '' as my doctor says -RRB- and have used one of these for about seven years with zero product problems of any kind . I have tried a variety of other highly-touted cervical pillows , and they simply do n't compare . Some interfered with sleep or actually seemed to make my neck worse , and I have always swiftly returned to the Mediflow . I bought the set of two when I married my Belarusian wife three years ago . She has no neck problems whatsoever but thinks the Mediflow is the best thing about life in America next to peanut butter . I 'm in the process of ordering yet another for her daughter in Minsk . The only maintenance is to occasionally change the water -LRB- perhaps once a year -RRB- , a five-minute project at most .
 We have found these to be very comfortable . We owned the original Mediflow pillows and are pleased with the upgrade . I always preferred a down pillow , but the mediflow helped with neck and shoulder irritations . When we discovered that Mediflow made a pillow with down , I was excited to upgrade .
 What a great idea ! A friend received these as a gift , and I got to try one . I loved the idea and the taste , so I bought my own stash ! They taste great and do n't leave a bad aftertaste . One slight negative is that I wish they lasted longer . They are pretty small , so they dissolve pretty fast . Which also can lead to easily over-using them . As for the caffeine content , I have n't really noticed getting jittery , even after eating 5 or 6 . But overall , I 'm loving these and have enough to last me for a year now ! haha
 Personally , I just about live on these . I generally have a couple in the morning before class , either of these or Warp Green Lemon Lime `` mints '' , depending how much caffeine I think I need -LRB- the Warp ones are a little less caffeinated -RRB- . A hint to the uninitiated
 I * love * the taste of Penguins ! They 're much better tasting than those ` curiously strong ' mints . And the caffiene is a great delivery alternative to Coke or Pepsi , which I drink too much of already .
 Going from class to class every day makes it difficult to stay caffinated . Without these mints I would have fallen asleep in many a class . If I graduate , it will have been in large part because of the help I got from these mints . I have to chew about 6 or 7 during a really boring class when I had only 4 hours of sleep . But usually I can get through a class with only 3 . They do n't give me headaches or make me crash . They just keep my eyes open and sometimes make me type a little faster.Whenever the person sitting next to me starts zoning out , I usually slide the tin over and boy are they grateful .
 Most caffeinated mints taste awful , but the peppermint penguin ones are good . We did n't like the cinnamon or the chocolate ones , but the Penguin peppermint flavor is good .
 If you are in need of constant caffeine in small manageable doses and get minty fresh breath in the process , this is the greatest thing on the planet !
 I have a very Fast paced job of taking call after call usually all day long . Meetings that can go on for hours . I contibute my job performance to these mints ! I also bought the case of the smaller tinsMini Tin Size Penguin Caffeinated Peppermints
 These mints have 15mg of caffeine per mint and 75 mints per tin . You can easily get the right amount you need without having to gulp sour energy drinks . You are also very kissable after using them . The only thing that kinda sucks is when you are sucking on them and you get a bitter taste in your mouth because the caffeine was n't processed well enough and you get bitter little bits in your mouth . However , if you chew them up , you are n't going to experience that . They are amount the smoothest mints you can buy .
 These work ! Need to pull an allnigter and do n't like had enough coffee -- these do it . Period .
 Nice to find a reliable source for these mints . Hard to find in stores , but fast delivery here !
 I have Plantar Fasciitis in both feet and I was n't sure whether this would help , but it has been very nice . It has not cured me of my foot problems -LRB- and I did n't expect it to -RRB- , but it does bring temporary relief that lasts for hours.From the pictures I was n't sure how this massager would feel . It has little plastic projections that come out and vibrate at different speeds depending on the intensity level you set -LRB- there are 15 -RRB- . I thought that the plastic might be too hard and uncomfortable , but that is not the case at all . When it is vibrating it feels like little fingers massaging your feet . I like to start out at a low intensity like 2 and slowly work up to something like 10 . Some of the intensities you can feel go up your calves or even higher.It does not cover my whole foot -LRB- I wear a men 's size 10 shoe -RRB- , but I like moving my feet around so I can get at every little aching spot . The plastic projections have different shapes and sizes so you might want to experiment with different foot positions . There is also an infrared heat function -LRB- there are six different levels -RRB- that I thought I would really like , but with my swelling feet I find that no heat actually feels better.There are three different auto programs that you can choose from . These are OK , but I prefer to change the settings myself at my own intervals . Since there is a remote included you do n't even need to bend over to do this . There is an auto shutoff function . By default the massager turns off after 10 minutes , but you can change this to 15 minutes or 30 minutes.Finally -- a very minor issue -- even though the massager has heavy rubber grip pads on the bottom , I found that it moves around a bit at the higher intensities on a wood floor . Putting the device on carpet or applying more pressure with your foot completely solves the problem .
 It works great . I had breast cancer so had to have chemo and ended up with some nerve damage in my feet so sometimes my feet hurt a lot . This really helps to relax them and takes the pain away . I highly recommend it .
 This is the first review I 've ever done because this product was just so awesome ! It has 5 levels of heat which are perfect . It has so many levels of vibrating massage intensity which vary from gentle to VERY STRONG ! Also to cap it off it has 3 programs to give you the foot massage of your life . Oh ! and it also has 3 time set functions 10 min , 15 min , and 30 min . Last but not least it sits firm on the floor without bouncing around like the other ones . I LOVE THIS ! It does n't break down either cause I use it numerous times a day !!!!!
 This Shiatsu Reflexology Foot Massager was a gift for my daughter & son-in-law . It arrived safely , well packaged & in good time.My daughter , who has used a similar machine here at home , loves it , & it seems to have a lasting benefit on her.My son-in-law has never experienced such a massage before , so , at the moment , finds he is unable to stay on it for long . However , with short but regular times on the machine , he is already beginning to feel a benefit in his feet , legs & his general well-being . Everybody has a different tolerance rate , so the use of this machine will vary . I know that once my son-in-law has become used to the machine , he will allow himself to use it to help relieve his recurrent back pain.If nothing else , increased blood circulation in the feet & lower legs has to be good , combined with sitting down & relaxing.At best , this is a magnificent home health aid for the whole family !
 This foot massager is easy to use and leaves your feet feeling tingly . The aftereffect is a mild sensation up the legs that feels like the circulation is going . Much better than the cheaper foot massagers that have no effect at all.Good to share with friends and family . A conversation piece that tickles the fancy . .
 This product works great ! Knocks me out within about 30 minutes and I sleep perfectly for the rest of the night . My only caution is make sure you allocate enough time for a full 8 hours or you 'll be really groggy the next day .
 This candle is a truly memorable and delightful scent . It 's beautiful aroma is unique but not overpowering . I enjoy this candle in my office to keep me calm and alert during my work day . However , this scent would be a pleasant edition no matter what your environment - home , work or travel . Enjoy !
 For those of you who have to clean their toilets every month or so , I am jealous . I would have to clean my toilet every week , if not more . Our water has A LOT of copper , so my potty would be greenish blue . If not that , then it 's red from our local clay . If not that , it turns a pretty shade of black . Can you say ICK !!!? So ... My dear husband picked this up from the store and we installed it . I -LRB- literally -RRB- have not scrubbed a toilet in almost 6 months . Granted , we 've replaced the thing every 2 months , but hey ! Our water is REALLY bad , and this thing keeps the toilet REALLY clean!This new mama 's a happy camper !! : -RRB- Oh , yeah , and guys , just because you bought this , it does not mean you get to do less chores ! It just means that there is one less chore for US to do ! hehehe Just Kidding . : -RRB-
 This product is amazing ! I have a large family and a lot of company . I never have to worry if my toilet is clean ... it 's always sparkling clean with this product . No funny blue water ... just a CLEAN toilet bowl ! I hope this product will always be available !
 I really love this product . We have hard water -LRB- or maybe it 's called soft -RRB- but anyway it 's the kind of water that leaves a pink residue over time . And I used to have to scrub my toilets every 2-3 weeks to get ride of the water mark for the toilettes we use frequently and about 1-2 weeks for the toilette we do n't use often . But with the Kaboom Neverscrub , the only time I have to scrub is when it 's time for a refill - which is about 3 months for my bathrooms . Some are even longer , especially the ones we hardly use , it 'll last a year ! So literally , no scrubing needed . I just LOVE this product . Yes , it does have a bleach smell but I can handle it and it 's totally worth it . The refill is expensive but at least it lasts a long time .
 This product is great ! We have well water with allot of mineral deposits left in the toilets . After a month of using this product the toilet was clean , and stain free for the first time . It removed not just the scum but removed the mineral deposits that cling to everything that comes in contact with water here . It is very easy to install and refills involve opening a pack of 2 tablets and placing in an easy screw top system inside the tank . It can last up to 4 months depending on how often the toilet is flushed . It is easy to see when the tablets need to be replaced . The toilet begins to appear not quite as clean and you can unscrew the cap of the system in the tank and see if the tablets are dissolved or not . I recommend this to everyone ! I do not know anyone who enjoys scrubbing toilet bowls . It also helps with odor control .
 This is a terrific product . I ruined the seals on my new toilets with the bleach type that you drop directly into the tank . These avoid that problem . I have to remind myself to clean the toilets , because they stay so clean with this product .
 I love the kaboom products and was thrilled to find this . I hate the products that make the water blue and smell perfumey . These tablets smell like bleach for a few days and then I get 3-4 months of extremely low-maintenance and odor-free cleaning . I am a major grime and germophobe and I trust the kaboom products to thoroughly disinfect without the overwhelming fumes . I have searched for the refill tablets for more than a year now and finally thought to try here ... do n't know why i did n't in the first place ! If you are looking for a product to help reduce your time spent cleaning , this is definitely the one !!
 The product does everything it says it would . If you need a good system to keep your toilet clean , this is it .
 I bought this , but because I was unsure of whether or not it would be good , I also took along my iron . I must say that I did n't use the iron once . It actually worked . Of course , when I say `` worked '' I mean it was very good for being on vacation . I would n't consider it working if I were at home . -LRB- my standards would be higher -RRB- But then again , that 's not what it 's for
 This stuff is so cool , it actually works ! I received it as a gift from a friend ... I 'm going to Europe where I was n't sure there would be an iron in the hotel room . I tried it on a pair of 100 % linen capris , and it works like a charm . You just smooth the wrinkles with your hands . Smells nice , too , and with the 3 oz size , it should not be a problem -LRB- I hope -RRB- to take the aerosol on the plane .
 We just returned from a 23 day trip around the world , focusing on China and Korea . I bought this at a luggage store and was n't sure if it would work well or not . I loved it ! I ironed maybe one or two times just because there was an iron set up already , but other than that , we would pull clothes out , spray it on and follow the directions . I am searching it now to buy more since we travel quite a bit . Definitely a great product !
 This is the best quick wrinkle remover I 've found . I found it years ago , then it `` disappeared '' from the stores . It dries quick and it really works ! I 'm so glad I found it again !
 Wrinkle Free is great for travel , and I always keep some on hand when I 'm at home for those times when I do n't want to pull out the iron . It 's quick and has n't ever spotted any fabric . A truly useful and wonderful product .
 I was a little skeptical purchasing this , but it truly is the best spray for relaxing wrinkles . I always take when I travel . And I sometimes use at home ! You will not be disappointed . It smooths out some of the toughest wrinkles .
 Bought it thinking that it would come with 2 rechargeable batteries but they werent include ... But it works fine with the batteries that I already had ... The Title of the listing still says `` Duracell Mini Charger ; 2 Rechargeable Nimh Batteries '' , With a picture of a retail pack with two batteries , you only know that you wo n't get the batteries when you get the item ... it is misleading ...
 I really like my Wahl Omega Cordless Rechargable Trimmer . It 's just what I needed to keep my sideburns trimmed between haircuts .
 Love the trimmer , it cuts very nice and clean . I have been looking for a good trimmer for my husband for a couple of years . All the other brand trimmers he has tried have not been as good of quality as this one .
 I use this trimmer all the time . Best one I 've owned so far . Profesional quality . I recomend anyone looking to give this a chance .
 As a hairstylist Im always lookink for good equipt ! This trimmer is fantastic ... best one I 've owned ! Plus u ca n't beat the price !
 I 've alway had good luck with Wahl products . I bought this for my daughter , she 's a hair stylist . Hopefully it last longer then the Andis trimmers she bought less then a year ago !
 I have been using this product for the last 5 or 6 years . A bone density test had shown a slight bone loss and my doctor advised taking calcium supplements . The owner of a health food store advised me to try Country Life Bone Density Factors . My next bone density test about 18 months later showed that I no longer had any bone loss . At that time , my doctor advised me to continue taking Bone Density Factors . I have now moved to a different state and was n't sure where I could purchase this product . I was thrilled to find it for sale on Amazon.Com and at a lower price !!
 These B-12 tablets have given me so much energy that I 'm recommending them to all of my family and friends , even if they do n't have a B-12 deficiency . I 'm done with anti-depressant medications -LRB- and doctors -RRB- forever.Carol NicholsonTrenton , NJ
 I love these ! I really do notice an increase in energy when I take them .
 One little dot in the afternoon and I am refreshed . No longer need any caffeine such as tea or coffee in the afternoon which was my goal . The taste is very palatable .
 A friend recommended this item to stop canker sores and boy did they do the trick . Not to mention the added extra energy the offer . WOW !
 I feel much better this brand makes me feel then the other brand . It dissolves quite fast and a slight cherry taste .
 I was n't sure about this product , but I decided to go ahead and order it because of the reviews were so good . SO glad I did because these little dots are wonderful ! They taste great , are convenient to take and really give me a boost of energy , especially late in the day when I really need it . Now , if I can only remember to take them everyday ! Great product !
 Great product . It really seems to give you a boost . I will definately buy again .
 This supplement works great for anyone needing to add B12 to their diet . I swallow it because it seems better tolerated and gives me all of the benefits rather than taking it sublingually . It took a few days to get here , but the product was everything I hoped it would be and the seller was very professional .
 I take one of these almost every day , and I feel better on the days that I remember to take it than the days that I do n't . The small pills dissolve pretty quickly and surprisingly they taste a lot like candy . Because they contain no sugar I was concerned that they would taste like a vitamin - which is sometimes horrible.I have had a gastric bypass and because of this my body does not absorb b-12 from food , this works for me.I love that Twinlab is made in American Fork , Utah.I also take 2 Twinlab Men 's Ultra Daily capsules a day , and I have been a happy user of Twinlab supplements for over 10 years . It is a brand I trust .
 The 5000 MCG are more expensive but it is nice to put one on my tongue in the mornings and get my b12 dosage . Also purchased the 500mcg on accident first and prefer the higher level ! The taste is n't bad at all and it dissolves quickly A + +
 I rely on this product . It meets my expectations and is a product I rely on every month or so . I hope to stay with this co. for a while .
 B-12 helps to increase your stamina . These tablets are sub-lingual - disolved under the tongue . Very easy to use & should be used daily !
 A great buy , good service . Seems to be a super co. to do business with . I would definatly recommend them to anyone requiring this product .
 I was amazed how fast the product arrived . I saved a bundle buying from this dealer .
 Look into the history and reap the benefits . Speaking for myself ~ I know it works . I got a small cyst on the back of my leg when I was out hiking from scratching a bite . I used it orally as well as making a poultice with the turmeric from my cupboard . It 's a miracle worker ! Solaray has the exact dosage recommended for keeping issues at bay and to cleanse the body of irritants .
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / QzjGQ , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! I was told that inflammation is the cause of all diseases . With Curcumin it helps the body rid inflammation and heal . It is a powerful antioxidant that is also anti-viral and anti-bacterial and it seems to have great potential to fight cancer , especially colorectal cancer .1 . It can inhibit unwanted bacterial action in the stomach and intestine .2 . It is a significant anti-inflammatory .3 . It boosts crucial cellular glutathione levels .4 . It is a powerful antioxidant .5 . It can help prevent liver damage .6 . It can prevent and treat cancer.I caught pneumonia around Christmas which cleared up after a round of antibiotics within a couple of weeks . But for several months , I suffered from severe sinus issues which resulted in the production of copious amounts of phlegm which in turn led to vomiting anytime I ate something , no matter how insignificant - even a donut ! There was no allopathic solution and I tried numerous natural anti-inflammatories that I had in my house . Nothing . Finally I tried this . I took one easy to swallow capsule in the morning and one before going to bed . Before I even knew what was happening , no more phlegm , no more coughing , no more hawking up , no more spitting into a bag , no more vomiting , no more embarrassment ! We 're talking like 2-3 days at most . It happened so fast , I did n't even know what hit me . This , after several months of suffering ! My wife then demanded a bottle because of its wide ranging health benefits . I intend to spread the word . I 'll never be without at least one bottle of it !
 The fabric on this back warmer is amazing . Its size lets the heat warm my entire back at the same time . There are some days I ca n't live without it . The aroma that comes off it when I take it out of the microwave is definitely heaven . I have been using it for several months now and it still smells great . I just love it .
 I live in the Northwest and find after working in the yard on cold fall days when I heat this great thing up and snuggle up with it , all my aches and soreness fade away . I am delighted with it 's weight , the soothing herbal aroma , and the length of time it stays warm . I have n't tried a cold application yet , but expect to when the circumstances arise . This is an excellent product .
 The heat does n't last as long as liquid packs , but surprisingly long for what it is . Just make sure you ` mist ' the pack sufficiently to have the moisture in the pack get warm enough . . The smell is a bit strong right out of the pack for those of us with sensitive noses , but let it sit out for a few hours and it helps moderate the smell a lot to a more tolerable level . Be careful to let all the moisture out before putting it into an air tight storage pack . It 'll mildew if you do n't let it air out!I think these units are an amazing value for the price .
 i love herbal concepts products . i have the neck wrap and jsut received this one for the back . as someone else mentioned , the back one can be used on the stomach for cramping , but on other body parts as well
 EXCELLENT !! Easy to use . Very comfortable . Pleasant fragrance when heated . Offers outstanding soothing comfort to achy back muscles . Can use in a recliner , chair , or bed .
 The herbal scent was seeping from the outer box when it arrived ... . The pleasant aroma filled my office in no time . I ordered 4 of these , one for my daughter who has horrid menstral cramps , although it is for your back she places it on her tummy while watching tv and it offers her hours of relief ! One for my mother , she 's 60 years old and drives a truck for a living , she is in and out of a truck all night long , and the bumping and bouncing around is horrible for her back and shoulders ... she heats up the pack and chills out when she gets home and she has not stopped thanking me ! One for my boyfriend - he has digenerative disc disease and is in tremendous amounts of pain , he has to switch on and off heat and cold and this pack is amazing . . the aroma helps to ease his tension which almost always causes him more pain . . with this pack he is calm cool and collective ... and the final one was for myself ... I sit at a desk and pound away at a keyboard all day long ... sometimes my back aches so bad I find it hard to walk ... I just heat up the pad and drift off into a relaxed state of mind ... my head is clear and I can think about what I am doing . . no more stress induced mistakes for me !!! I highly recommend this product for anyone that has any kind of aches or pains ... as you can see it 's not JUST for the back !!!!
 I AM A NAIL TECHNICIAN AND AFTER PEDICURES ALL DAY IT FEELS GREAT TO HAVE THIS HOT PAC AGANIST MY BACK . I RECOMMEND THIS PAC TO ANYONE WITH TIRED MUSCLES AT THE END OF A WORK DAY . THE SERVICE I RECIEVED FROM THE COMPANY WAS EXCELLENT .
 I bought this to ease pain after laproscopic abdominal surgery . The worst part about that kind of surgery is the air they pump into your abdomen collects at the top of your abdomen and causes sever pain , especially in the front of the shoulders . It was the fact that this product covers the front of the shoulders that drew me to it . It is kind of annoying that you have to move the filling around to distribute it right but it 's not that big of a deal ; and for me this actually turned out to be a good thing because I could distribute most of it to the top where I needed it . Overall , this was a good purchase .
 The back pack is a great idea , but seems to work better for heat than for cold . A minute or two in the microwave makes it piping hot and the heat lasts for some time ... Hours and hours in the freezer and only a few minutes of cold on the back . A little disappointing that way , but the heat factor is worthwhile .
 My husband and I use this product regularly . The wonderful aroma as well as the warmth when heated is so relaxing and comforting . Thank you for having this product on your website .
 She has back pain and has been using this everynight and claims the heat helps her relax and she likes it . Be careful though , after leaving it on for a while it can irritate your skin because it stays warm/hot for a while . It is also a bit heavier than I thought it would be .
 Outstanding product ! Love it . Works great for back pain . Also a huge hit for keeping warm on those chilly days .
 Got this for a gift for a family member with chronic back pain - absolutely no complaints , works like a charm , large enough to cover the entire back , and smells fantastic !! I could n't be happier I got this , and am considering buying myself one , now , too !!
 I am delighted with the backpack . I find it easy to use and very effective at relieving back pain . I highly recommend it .
 This was the best present I ever bought my husband . He loves it and so do I . We heat it in the microwave for min 1/2 and it feels sooooo good ! Your shoulders and back just loosen up , the aromatherapy smells good . We have recommended it to all our friends .
 I love this and so does my toddler . She is constantly wanting this warmed up in the microwave so that she can cuddle up to it . It holds heat pretty well , too . A great alternative to the heating pad .
 My son asked for this back pac for Christmas . He has microwaved it and used it several times already . He finds it quite relaxing .
 It 's perfect for it size and permit to place it and hold it from the up part what is dificult with smaller ones just dedicated to the back !
 This is our favorite protein powder , we saw it at 24 hr . fitness and then ordered it from Amazon !
 I have finally found my Survival Knife . I have purchased several other `` quality '' knives whose features have in one way or another not been satisfactory . The Gerber is great . Size , weight , and construction are perfect for me . Excellent sheath design that allows for quick one-hand deployment . -LRB- does n't have to be snapped in . -RRB- I like it enough that I have bought the black one and green one as well !
 I am not sure what to do with the safety tool , maybe give it to a fireman or EMT that could use it . I was pleasantly surprised with the sheath . There are an amazing number of carry options and I love the built in sharpener idea . That being said , I removed the scabbard from the webbing and attached only that to my pack straps . I was pleased to have that option as well . I bought another one for my nephew to take hunting as I was so impressed with the quality for the price . I also liked the shorter blade length .
 Overall this knife is a great outdoor and survival knife . The materials seem to be fine and the design is truly functional . Definitely a great knife to own for backpacking , hunting , or survival situations .
 A good quality tactical knife and sheath . Excellent blade steel that is sharp and retains an edge . The sheath is durable and well made with multiple means of attachment . Would recommend it .
 Probably the most durable knife I 've ever owned . Has a great feel to it . It is part of my SAR pack , so I have n't really gotten to use it hard yet but I have no reason to believe it wo n't hold up as advertised .
 This one worked for them!I would highly recommend this product . It did what it says.Life event prevention alternative!It did the job the product promises and I can only applaud the manufacturer for this!Full Spectrum Arjuna Bark -LRB- 10:1 -RRB- 40 Mg 60 Caps
 This was a fun and well received `` recognition '' gift in our shop here at work . It works well and is beneficial here on the job and for use in our everyday lives .
 Carry it like a credit card and be ready for those times there is n't enough light to read a menu or map . Great little addition to the wallet .
 I originally bought the OWL for my husband , whose distance and middle sight are still very good , but he finally needs reading glasses , but carrying around a case to dinner and the like was a royal pain and half the time he forgot . The convenience and the light has made him the envy of many of our friends at table and we 've even had people at adjoining tables ask to borrow the OWL.My brother-in-law is similarly challenged and was fishing for his reading glasses at Commander 's Palace when my husband -LRB- his brother -RRB- whipped out the OWL - well , I knew the perfect `` host '' gift for their having had us down for Mardi Gras.When I asked my brother-in-law if he was seeing any better , he responded , `` It 's much worse now . I actually KNOW how much the bill is before I sign !!
 For a small price and tiny object , this is a great buy . All you expect and more , works like a charm and great for assisting those who have trouble with small print .
 Great product , no complaints so far . It was a great price but the shipping and handling was expense to me .
 I thought the owls would be in the original packaging , but it was n't . However , they works fine .
 The light was a little confusing at first , you have to push the button up . But it works well and does what it is supposed to . The shipping was a lot for such a tiny thing though . To me it seems like it is small enough that it could have been shipped in a normal envelope . Overall very happy with it .
 So many resturants are too dark to see anything , so the OWL LITE is a great help . It not only lights up what you are reading , but also magnifies it at the same time so you do n't have to fuss around for your glasses!Also good to use in movie theatres and to find your car keys or key holes when it is dark out . I bought a bunch of them and gave them out to friends and co-workers who love them.They are credit card sized so they are narrow and small enough to fit in any wallet or even a shirt pocket.I will be buying more for Christmas . GREAT INVENTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought one as a Father 's Day Gift for my dad . He loves it . He had trouble reading menus in dimly lit restaurants and this product is exactly what he needed . I would highly reccommend this for anyone who has trouble seeing or reading small print .
 Neck pillows have long been a necessity for me when traveling - - if the heads lolls to the side interrupting sleep a chance for a total departure from consciousness may be lost!Now magical buckwheat comes to the rescue , swathed in the comforting softness of a removable chenille cover . In this `` HAPPY WRAP '' it combines with moist heat & hints of scent , primarily lavender . Microwaves are usually available for a 2-minute heating-up and that guarantees a deliciously therapeutic tension-melt-down . The value increases greatly for someone like myself who is convalescing or must sleep sitting up . Reviewer mcHAIKU reminds readers that recovery can be contingent on sufficient sleep . One 's health gains mightily from total relaxation and near-meditative surroundings . For me this `` purple passion '' has become a life-saver .
 This is a great tool for relaxation and pain relief.However be aware that as it heats it does get damp and it does from time to time have a ` burnt smell . The smell occurs even with just a few minutes.I tend to check and `` fluff '' it often while heating it and I still get the smell . The smell is not overly unpleasant and it does tend to quickly fade.Even with the smell I think it is a great product .
 This neck wrap is great . The shape is what I like the most about it . It sits comfortably on the shoulders and actually provides warmth to those areas . I 've used the long skinny heat wraps in the past and they are n't thick enough - they just dangle at the front . The `` C '' shape of this one is nearly perfect.I microwave mine for 21/2 minutes . I threw away the little scented pouch - it 's overpowering and not my kind of scent.-1 star because some of the filling has come out of the interior pouch but it stays in the outer cover . I 've only had it for a week . I 'll repair it when I wash the cover . 'til then , it 's no big deal .
 I got this for my wife last year for Christmas and she liked it so much she thought it would be a great thanks gift for family and friends , we 've already given out 10 of them with rave reviews . The aromatherapy was a nice touch we did n't even know it had.Highly recommend .
 Because I spend hours at the home computer for my job , my neck and trapezius muscles are often sore by the end of the day . This product does provide some welcome relief
 I just received this yesterday and am fairly happy with the product . The shape is ideal for shoulder and neck stiffness , and is also nice for neck support while seated . This is one of the better products I have found . The heat does not last very long , although I find it consistent with other heated product using natural materials . The scent packet is nice , although it may not be everyone 's cup of tea -LRB- fortunately it 's removable -RRB- . My one complaint is that the chenille cover is already shedding blue fuzz around the seams . I am concerned about it 's durability and washability . Overall , I think this is a good product .
 But the heat does n't last that long . I usually put a blanket over it to stretch out the warmth on my neck .
 This is absolutely the best one you could get ! It sits easily on your neck , and does n't fall off . It holds the heat for a very long time . The fragrance I love . I have even been taking it to bed to use as a heating pad for different areas , and fall asleep with its warmth . I have been telling others about it , and would not hesitate to give it as a gift to others . I LOVE it ! Great value for your money .
 This product is just what it says . My Mother has arthritis in her shoulder and this helps with the pain . I would recommend this to anyone that has arthritis pain for relief .
 I suffer from upper back and shoulder tension . I 've been using neck warmers for years but recently lost the only one I had . After looking at many warmers , I chose the Happy Wrap . The wrap stays warm for more than an hour and has the moist heat which is perfect for tense muscles . My Yorkshire Terrier ca n't wait until I 'm done using it and fights with the cat to get it when I 'm finished .
 My chiropractor advised me to apply heat on my tense neck and shoulders , but until now the only heat that worked came from a hot shower.Since I bought this product I use it first thing in the morning while preparing lunch boxes -LRB- it is amazing how it stays perfectly in place when walking or bending -RRB- and at night while watching a TV program . I noticed a big difference after a few days . Also I put it sideways when I am sitting down since my problem is mainly on my left shoulder and even backwards to release the tension from the front muscles of my neck .
 MY MOM LOVES IT ! IT SEEMS TO HELP A LOT WITH HER TENSION HEADACHES AND NECK ACHES .
 Very soothing comfortable feel , can remove the herb sachet for those who do n't want the scent . Makes a great gift !
 The therapeutic wrap is one of the best products that I 've used . I highly recommend it !
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BKTB4U The Happy Company Microwaveable Therapeutic Cozy Chenille Happy Wrap , purple This product is all I had hoped it would be & helps to stave off the chill & the tensison that contribute to back pain & headaches . As I had hoped , it easily withstands 6 minutes in the microwave & retains a substantial amount of heat for an hour or 2 . It was very accurately described in the ad & I am delighted I bought it .
 This neck wrap by The Happy Company is one of the best purchases I have ever made . I can heat it up , put it on , and walk around the house doing my chores . Or , I can wear it while driving my van when it is cold to keep my arthritic neck loosened up on my way to wherever I 'm going . Wonderful !
 I found this happy wrap to be indespensible during the cold winter in a drafty home . Many uses . Once heated for 21/2 minutes in the microwave , I keep warm by sitting on it , throwing it on my lap , warming my feet , my arthritic knees and back and of couse my neck . The warm , moist heat is soothing . Slight smell but not enough to prevent me from using it several times a day to keep warm . Do n't intend to use it in the summer .
 ***** Mamarina
 This neck pillow is just what I needed for my tense , aching neck and upper back . As a health care professional , I work long shifts doing a lot of physical work as well as working at a computer station entering and reviewing information on charts , so my upper back and neck are tense and sore a lot of the time . After work , using this warming neck pillow is just the right thing to release the tension and relax the sore muscles in my upper back and neck . After the first time using this product , I was able to sleep more comfortably without the constant pain I had in my upper back waking me up every time I moved.I also purchased the shoulder wrap , which can be used for the upper , middle , or lower back . I use the two together and I feel like I just left the spa after a massage ... very relaxed and NO sore muscles !! AND I save a lot of money compared to getting a massage!I highly recommend it !!
 I love , love , love this pillow . It smells so nice and is so comfy . It retains a bit of moisture out of the microwave but that is it 's only downfall . I 'm now going to buy the sleep mask . Hope that 's just as nice .
 I am very satisfied with this Happy Wrap.It does n't create adhesive problems for my skin . I have repetitive stress injuries from the work I do and moist heat is the only thing besides massage that helps relieve the strain . Could n't be happier unless they made a vest that worked just like it so I could cover more territory at once !
 I love my Happy Wrap ! I have neck arthritis from years of computer work . I heat the wrap for about 2 minutes in the microwave , BUT I advise to remove the scent pack before warming -LRB- to save it from burning -RRB- . It stays warm for about an hour . Also to note is that it is a moist type of heat when warmed up - the best kind of heat for sore muscles . Enjoy !
 I love this product . I am 32 weeks pregnant and have been using it since day one . I love that it absorbs quickly .
 For my daughter who is having a baby . She loves the scent , She loves how it works on her skin , I Think I 'm getting some for myself .
 I like this lotion cause its not as heavy as the butter types , and it seems to be working but I am only in my 6th month so we will have to see ... UPDATE : after using this through months 5-10 of my pregnancy , I can say that I did n't get any stretch marks ! I started off healthy and only gained 23 lbs so that could have helped . I 've also read that it does n't matter what you use , some people are just going o get them and some are n't . That being said , I gained some weight when I was younger and have stretch marks on my thighs from that . But I did n't get any new ones from being pregnant . I was also VERY careful not to stretch my skin when reaching for things , while lying down , etc. . I think that helped too ! I will definitely use this again if I have more children !
 Oh!I love this lotion !!!!! It 's the least pricey but the best !!!!!! I 've been using this lotion every night since being pregnant for about 13 weeks.It 's not greasy and smells good , which is definitely a plus , especially in summer : -RRB- I 'm now 9 months pregnant and no stretch marks at all ! Highly recommend !
 I have been using this product off and on for 20 years . When I take it regularly my hair and skin improve and my nails grow strong . It 's almost a wonder drug . Highly recommended . I give it as gifts .
 This product was prescribed by a friend of mines holistic doc . She has outstanding results with this . I am currently going on my 2nd month and its working in every way possible !! I highly recommend this product !!
 I ordered the refills through Amazon and as expected , the order was very timely and complete . The leads are great and very pleased with product and service
 I got an old favorite Cross Pen and Pencil set -LRB- made in the USA -RRB- ! .9 mm lead is not used a lot in the newer pencils . Prompt service . phil w.
 i 've been getting cold sores on my lip since i was a little kid . i 've tried everything from abreva to those creams the doctor prescribes . finally i decided to try this since nothing else was working . If you feel a cold sore coming on , you just put this little liquid on a q-tip and dab it on your lip a few times a day . guess what ? the cold sore does n't get bigger , in fact it shrinks within a few days and no one has to know you even had one . the stuff smells of strong herbal stuff . I never worry if i will get one coming on because i know i 'll get rid of it before it 's visible ! It 's really worth your money .
 My husband and I have been battling with cold sores since we were young . Nothing has ever really worked like H-balm does . This herbal remedy is amazing !! From the moment you feel that tingle or bump on your lip or face you apply it to the area . 9 times out of 10 the cold sore will not even appear . If it does surface it is very minimal and gone within a day or two , and without all the discomfort and agony that is normally associated with a cold sore . It also seems to reduce the frequency of future break-outs . We hardly get them anymore.I do recommend using a cotton swap and dabbing it on the area to control the amount you use . H-balm is a clear liquid substance and not an ointment . It has a strong smell/taste .
 I got mixed results with this product . It works well if you apply it constantly -LRB- 5 + times a day -RRB- ... -LRB- by `` works '' I mean , eliminate a cold sore or an outbreak -RRB- . BUT if you use it a lot , it drys the crap out of your skin . That really sucked , and looked as bad , or worse then the cold sore I blocked . I 'd consider this product , but I do n't think it 's the best .
 This is our favorite protein powder , we saw it at 24 hr . fitness and then ordered it from Amazon !
 I 've been blessed to have never had an ear infection until a few months ago , when I had my first -LRB- and -- I hope -- only -RRB- one . I 'm all about natural supplements and healing , so I ordered this promptly from Amazon -LRB- while trying another natural remedy -RRB- . I used this one evening and , within 3 hours , my ear felt perfect . Yes , it feels slightly strange going in , but I expected that . It did n't hurt , just more like pouring water in your ear . The fact that there are no side effects and it 's effective are enough for me to use it again , if necessary , and on my poor boys when they get the occasional ear infection . I highly recommend this and many other Similsan products -LRB- Pink Eye Relief , Cough and Cold , Cough , Sleeping Pills -RRB- .
 I originally wanted the earache drops but I guessthis company do not make it anymore . The product relieves wax buildup .
 I know that the lycopene is effective , because if I stop taking this , my PSA goes up . I assume that the other carotenoids in the mix are also effective .
 I LOVE this massager . It is flexible . lightweight , easy to use and I could drift to sleep using it . Tried the rigid massagers and they just did n't work at all . I need massage and heat in tmy lumbar/sacro region and this one works like a dream . I can use it in my recliner or even stretched out on the sofa or in bed . I was in severe pain from a chronically bad back and after a few days if using this , my back was almost back to normal .
 I ended up not liking this , but it does what it says ; heats up and massages . I did like the heating aspect . Would probably work best for someone who drives a lot and would leave it in their car , esp in the winter !
 Thats a good product to a very fair price.If you intend to relax , this is the right product by youI have bought one to my mother and she loves it . Everybody uses it and aproves the massage mechanismThe remote control is very nice feature
 I bought 3 of these for use with a 7 yr old , a 5yr old and a 6 month old . They are great . They are just the right size for them , not to mention that it makes them forget about what really is wrong . I have had them now about 5 months and never had a problem with heating or cooling . Simply follow the directions .
 Our kids love it ! We 've had it for a year . I find the cover to be a little too thick to get all of the cooling through , but it makes the kids happy and seems to help them . I have n't used it for warming as of yet . I did find the cover difficult to put on when frozen so once I got it on , I left the cover on . It lives in our freezer , ready for boo-boos .
 We use this almost every night with our 2 month old baby girl . When she 's fussy or gassy , this helps her out almost immediately.Just be careful to only put it in for 15 seconds . Any more than that and it starts to expand and I 'm sure it would melt completely . Also , be careful of touching the eyes and nose right away while it 's still in the microwave ... those can get hot but cool down in a few seconds .
 I suffer really badly with acid reflux and was upset when they stopped making my brand . After trying many other chewable antacids , I came across this make on Amazon and decided to try them . I 'm glad I did . The come packaged in 2 tablets per packet which makes it convenient for travel and they taste great . Definitely not chalky or over flavored .
 This is the best stuff for quick relief of heartburn . The individual packets make it so easy to always have them with you !
 My husband -- who is a National Park employee -- had these in his first aid and medical supply kit . He bragged that nothing worked as well for his indigestion and reflux . He has taken a wide variety of products for his upsets -- including some prescriptions . I was skeptical , but he was insistent that I look on line for a source to purchase a supply for at home . Of course , I found it on Amazon ! Then I became a believer as well . The small tablets are fast-acting and effective . It 's a generous , inexpensive box full of relief , and the individual packets make it simple to stick a couple in your purse or lunch bag .
 I use this on my workout mats and benches . i mix with water in a spray bottle and it works out well . Keeps everything clean and disinfected . Will buy again when i run out .
 The slippers are soft , warm and when you follow the directions smell great . The microwaveable packets keep feet warm for about an hour . The only downside is you can not walk in the slippers with the aroma packets inserted . They also do n't seem to be sturdy enough for regular wear around the house . Even the package states that they are not walking slippers . That would have been nice to know before purchasing !
 Got these as a Christmas gift . They work great . I agree with the other reviews , these are not slippers that you want to walk on . I recommend wearing socks with these because I find that it tends to be too warm on my bare feet . The drawstrings are nice because it really keeps the heat inside the slipper .
 The microwave slippers feel great on cold feet . They stay warm for almost an hour . You would n't want to walk with them on , but they are great if you are going to sit and watch tv or something . The only thing I do n't like about them is the scent . I 'm not a big fan of the herbs they use in them . But the smell is worth the wonderful warmth
 I bought two pairs of these to give as gifts . Both recipients really like them . Good gift for those women out there whose feet always seem to be cold .
 I purchased these as a Christmas present for my fianc&eacute;e and she loves them . You really can not walk-around with them on , but they are great when we are relaxing on the couch , watching a movie . They stay warm for quite a long time and she says that they are quite comfortable . I would highly recommend the neck pillow as well .
 I 've purchased 2 pairs now , one for my Diabetic Mom . I 'm not Diabetic any more , but have feet damage from it and in the winter ca n't sleep without using these first for 15 minutes then sleep wonderfully . Seems pricey and yet worth every penny .
 I bought these last year because the idea of a warm slipper really appealed to me . I am very happy with them . I do n't use them to walk around . Rather , I warm them up in the microwave , and wear them to bed with socks -LRB- regular sport socks -RRB- . They keep my feet nice and toasty for about an hour , after which time I am happily asleep . They are * not * for walking , but they do help with icy toes at night . I would highly recommend them to anyone who is cursed with cold toes . Also , the slipper material is nice and soft , and I found the aroma -LRB- strongly clove -RRB- to be quite pleasing and conducive to relaxation .
 I purchased this for my daughter who is a diabetic . Since her feet get cold alot I thought i would try this and she loves them . You can either take the entire pair and throw them in your microwave or take out the inserts and heat those . We have done both . Very easy to take out inserts they go thru velcro opening at the bottom . I have purchased a few things from this company and I am very pleased and so far hold up very well .
 For low carb dieters and diabetics this as a great protein bar . With a cup of coffee its a winner .
 You ca n't go wrong with a Tanita . They 're sturdy and maintain accuracy throughout the years . I 've dropped it several times and the accuracy is still dead on .
 This scale is amazing . The most accurate scale you can buy and it is always going to give you the right amount . I have sat on it twice but its still perfect . Dead on accuracy every time !
 This is the second one of these I have bought . The first one I purchased around 1990 and it lasted for almost 15 years before I lost it . The new one is exactly the same and works just as well . Great product .
 great product must by !!! customer service is one of the kind , i had an issue and they took care of it before i could get mad , seller puts customers first
 Just an awesome scale . Very accurate love this thing . Good price for a very good scale . I have no complaints about this scale . If you are looking for an amazing scale for a very good price look no further order this one .
 Works just fine for our penny collection ! I wish it went to 250 gm so we could use it for Pinewood Derby , too !
 It was a total pleasure to do business with Amazon and Galore !!!!!!!!! My first time ever buying something in the internet.And it was handle very professional and accurate.Green light for them I will defenitely buy again from them.Thank you all and Happy Eastern everybody .
 I bought this because I 've had another one like it for years that I needed to replace . I feel it is the best pill dispenser for pets -LRB- specifically for my cat -RRB- because the opening where you put the pill is unusually large so that you can put multiple pills in at the same time . Also , even if you only have to administer one pill , this is a good piller because it does n't grip the pill like some of the smaller ones do . It just provides a large area where you drop the pill in and then you insert the piller into the pet 's mouth and push the plunger to administer the pill . This piller is MUCH easier than any other I 've ever used .
 Re
 Four Paws Quick and Easy Pill Dispenser was just as I expected after seeing my Vet using this product on My fussy male cat who refuses to take his worming pills every three months for Tape Worms . He caught on after 3 trys of me slipping it into his food and treats and refused to take after that . BRAVO ! To my vet that hipped me to this product . Now for future treatments in all my other cats and kittens , this will literally take seconds to use . Thank You Four Paws !
 I work with dogs and am constantly getting bitten by grouchy dogs that need pilled several times a day . This isnt good for small pills , but works well for the tough dogs you dont want to stick your fingers down .
 This pill dispenser saved my life . My little Lhasa Apso had to take pills twice a day and getting them down his throat was practically impossible . Most of the time , it was a very traumatic experience for both Benji and me . This pill dispenser works great with hardly any trauma at all . I highly recommend it .
 a must for any pet household . love it . makes it easier to give my cat her pill that for now is needed to keep her going to the bathroom since she wo n't drink water.would definitely buy this product again .
 This is one of the best pill dispensers I have used . It 's simple , to the point , and gets the job done . It 's also reasonably durable so it will last for some time . Many of the plastic dispensers I have used in the past will warp at the tip after awhile so the pill will fall out before you 're ready to `` shoot '' . This one , so far , has not and I have been using it for several years now . That said , the ease of use still depends on your cat . I have 6 cats . Pill dispensing is a quick , easy , 1-person job on the 2 mellow cats . I also , however , have a Kitty Cujo with mad ninja skills who makes any job a 2-person job -LRB- or possibly a mob job -RRB- no matter what you are trying to do . Alas , I have only me but , with a bit of patience , skill , and subterfuge I am still able to get the pill into her with the use of this little item . The trick is to try and get the tip of the dispenser far enough into the cat 's mouth so that the pill shoots onto the back of the tongue and the cat will usually swallow it involuntarily . Except , of course , when they do n't . Then they spit the pill out at you and you are left with experience and the chance to try it all over again . Believe me , though , it is easier than trying to do the same type of maneuver with your fingers which is what my vet told me to do . With patience and practice , it does get easier . I am a pill gun sharpshooter at this point . And I still have all my fingers .
 I use this dispenser to copper bolus my Nigerian Dwarf goats . It works wonderfully for these smaller goats that require smaller capsules . It 's not the most durable tool -LRB- my goats chomp down on it -RRB- , but they are cheap enough I do n't mind replacing it every year or so .
 I used this on my 5 cats to worm them this month . It worked great as the dispenser is long enough to get to the back of their tongue without my fingers having to do the job and get bit in the process.All that said , this is a two person process . One person wraps the cat in a large towel -LRB- beach towel is perfect -RRB- and holds the cat firmly for reassurance and with all legs/claws covered.The second person puts the pill in the dispenser , opens the cats mouth with tip of dispenser and their fingers . Put the end of the dispenser to the back of the cats tongue and a quick push of the plunger dispenses the pill in the back of the cats tongue/throat area.The person dispensing the pill will need to blow in the nose/face of the animal while dispensing the pill . Just blow in the animals face . This helps the animal to breath in and swallow which is very handy as you are putting in the pill.Lastly , have a syringe -LRB- without the needle -RRB- of water . After the animal has swallowed the pill make sure to give them the water , as a dry pill can become lodged in the animals throat . Just think how you would feel with no water to help the pill go down.My dogs are easier to give pills , roll them in a ball of cheese , peanut butter or hot dog and they will usually take it.Cats are not so easily fooled.The pill I use for worming is just a tad too big for this dispenser , though the dispenser is a nice size , so I just broke the pill in half and dispensed the pill twice to each cat.If your cat spits out the pill , just try it again , it may take them , or you a couple of tries to get the hang of this dispenser .
 Tried Ultra Fuel based on suggestions by Anthony Ellis -LRB- The `` Gaining Mass '' guru -RRB- in his book . A very pleasant change from traditional energy drinks . Does not make you feel heavy or bloated nor does it give you a rush of energy followed shortly by a sharp dip -LRB- like in conventional carb drinks -RRB- . Provides long-lasting energy and makes a great post-workout recovery drink . Seems harder to mix with water than conventional powders but thats probably what makes the difference !
 I am one of `` those '' people who gets up before the crack of dawn to work out before going to my job -LRB- driving a desk , so to speak -RRB- . Twin Lab Ultra Fuel , Orange Powder , 3.30-Poundis excellent for giving me some -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- fuel to get going in the wee hours of the morning . I use ~ 3/4 of ONE scoop -LRB- serving size is FOUR scoops -RRB- ~ 20min before working out along with a packet of4C Totally Light Bonus Variety Pack , Energy Rush , 18-Count Boxes -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- with ~ 8-10oz water and can tell a difference . My workouts are definitely better with the Ultra Fuel . Prior to using Ultra Fuel , I would drink the Energy Rush and eat a snack , but I would have to wait longer before working out -LRB- which meant getting up EARLIER than the crack of dawn -RRB- and still did n't have as much energy as with the ~ 3/4 scoop of Ultra Fuel.My usual workout is ~ 45min-1hr and can vary from circuit -LRB- weight training sets separated by 1-1 :30 min elliptical sprints 1/2 forward & 1/2 back -RRB- to high incline treadmill walking @ 20 % incline for 2-3 miles.Hope this review helps in your efforts to be fit .
 Best taste for carbohydrate drink out there . Not sure how well it works but taste 's like regular juice . I recommend it to anyone
 You ca n't stir this with a spoon . It just clumps up on the spoon and does n't melt . Otherwise it 's a great product that delivers subtle energy .
 I usually mix 2 to 3 cups with 32 ounces of water and drink this while I 'm working out . It gives me plenty of energy to continue my work out past the two-hour mark which is plenty for me . Unless I can find something better I buy this product again
 Great exercise drink , energy lasts much longer than fast acting carb drinks like gatorade . I 've tried many others & this is easily the best tasting , longest lasting carbs , no weird unwanted ingredients , no caffiene & no artificial sweetners . if you 're loking for a good , drinkable pre , post or during workout carb drink , this is it . I use the Orange flavor only , cant speak to any others.The flavor is really good ... However , if you use the full 4 scoops it is VERY sweet . But the 4 scoops is 400 calories & way more than I need or would want from a carb drink in one serving . I typically use 2 scoops for a good , not too sweet drink mixed with approx 24 ox of water . There is no aftertaste whatsoever . For a really great tasting drink , mix a little orange gatorade with it .
 The Royall Mandarin cologne was exactly as advertised , got to me quickly , and was a super value ... Nuff said !
 My wife and I both love this . In our opinion the thicker plastic tines offer a more comfortable and pleasurable `` head trip '' than the trippers one might find in the mall . The vibrations make it better than the non-vibrating head trippers but are not overwhelming.Another benefit of this particular device is that it is able to be completely disassembled and packed to be taken with you on travelsor on vacations.It 's a pretty simple device , sold at a reasonable cost , and in my opinion is a better implementation than the metal ones .
 ALso bought as a gift but I tried it ! Very relaxing and much more affordable than the ones you see in the mall !
 This is a must-have for the serious massage and `` relaxation '' enthusiast . It feels amazing on the skin , and a friend of mine that I used it on closed his eyes in ecstacy and said `` wow-this is like 1/3 of an orgasm . '' I do n't think I can come up with any better recommendation !
 After seeing the low price and free shipping , I figured I 'd give this a try . Shipping was super fast and it was very easy to assemble . The plastic seems very sturdy , other reviews said the plastic broke but I am sure they must 've been using it wrong because I they fit right in and pull out with a little tug.Overall , I 'm happy with this product because it feels really nice , but my family has nicknamed it the `` dildo head massager '' because the vibrating part looks like a sex toy .
 This product was exactly what i wanted , looking for a romantic gift for my girlfriend 's birthday . ^ ^
 Lip Smacker glosses are SUPER stuff ! I 've been wearing them since I was a teen -- but these pretty pomades in fun flavors are not JUST for schoolgirls . They provide a great glimmery shine , a really pretty tint -- especially when applied thick , and their moisturizing properties are unparalleled ! Prevents chapped lips the FUN way ! They also make kissing fun and rewarding for one 's partner!The Smackers are fun to use , pretty to wear , and who says they 're just for seventh-graders ? The Dr. Pepper one tints lips an attractive just-been-kissed red and impart the refreshingly yummy taste of cherry cola . If I could give Lip Smackers 10 stars , I would !
 I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 this product is not only great for keeping your lips healthy and looking fashinable . Plus it smells great and leaves your lips lusious .
 Great flavor , a nice smooth texture that softens better than many fancier & more expensive brands , and adds just a touch of color to lips . All hail Dr Pepper Bonne Bell Lip Smacker !
 This is the best stuff EVER !!!!!! It moisturizes and gives the most natural red tint to the lips ... . I believe this would suit ANYONE ! Plus , it 's only a tad bit glossy so you can walk around looking beautiful , but not all done up at the same time !!! I WANT TO STOCK UP !!!!
 THIS IS THE BEST THING ON EARTHnot only does it soften your lips it gives them a redish-pink tint it rocks my socks
 THIS IS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLDnot only does it mostriese but it gives your lips a shiny redish pink tint
 Lip Smackers makes me reminisce about high school . -LRB- Like many who reviewed this brand of lip balm -RRB- I was a total lip gloss freak ! This was definitely one of my top choices . Cotton Candy tastes just like cotton candy , and also moisturizes your lips , and makes them feel soft . You will definitely want to apply this a lot -LRB- you almost want to eat it , it tastes so good ... but I do n't advise that ... LoL -RRB- .
 this gloss rocks it adds this awsome glow to your lips and when you have it on you just feel free and soooooooooo pretty only for girls with COOL taste -LRB- amazon rules -RRB- and it has a rock bottem price I 'm loven it ! ; -RRB-
 I LOVE THIS GLOSS ! I used this since like 4th grade !! it has such a nice color ... cherry , as in lightly pinkish red ... nice moisture , too !
 This lip gloss is great . I 've had it for more than four years , I would say . The scent is basically gone but it still works wonders ! It leaves a clear shine and smooths lips , too . Out of all my expensive , `` long lasting '' , twelve bucks and up priced lipgloss , this one can not be beat !
 I think that this Lip Smacker - Dr. Pepper lipgloss is just great ! It gives you a cherry red hue , but it does n't look to red , it 's just right . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . This one is my friend 's favorite flavor . Mine is vanilla.The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 I have been using this since high school . I have about every flavor . This stuff is great because it has a fun scent and it keeps my lips from getting chapped . I also like the ones with sparkles because I can wear it when I 'm dressed up or just in jeans and a t-shirt . The rest of the Bonne Bell line of make-up is great , too . I use the foundation , Lip Flips and Roll-On Lip Gloss on a a daily basis.This made a great gift for my then 12-year-old sister . It is a great age appropriate make-up . It is n't to dark , so she is learning how less is more with putting on her make-up .
 the price is a ripoff though , id never buy it from here .
 I try to order supplements smaller companies not yet bought out by larger conglomerates . I cant always to this , but I figured with so may multis out there , I could . I love that this is a whole food vitamin as well , and so far so good , No adverse reactions . The dose is 3 pills , and they are horse pills for sure , so if you have an issue with taking pills , you might want to try something else . I dont always take three a day since I take other supplements , and because of that , these are a great value .
 I 've used this product for years and years along with a great multi-vitamin/mineral product . I almost NEVER get sick , colds , etc even tho ' I have a very depleted immune system . I really contribute a lot of my health to this product .
 This modest-sized plug stands about 4-1/4 '' tall -LRB- 3-3/4 '' insertable -RRB- , with a maximum diameter of about 1.4 '' -LRB- just under 1-1/2 '' -RRB- . This size definitely does not require `` power user '' status for insertion . Lubrication is essential , of course , and one should always take things slowly and patiently . But with gentle persistence and relaxation , insertion should not be difficult for anyone with some experience . The smooth taper enhances ease of insertion.Once inserted , the plug tends to stay in place . I was concerned that the taper nearest the base might be too modest for secure retention , but that does n't seem to be a problem . Tantus claims that this gentle taper enhances the wearing experience , and there may be some truth to that -- its presence seems to be more noticeable than others I have tried . But it is very comfortable to wear . The silicone surface is mirror-smooth and easy to clean . The flanged base is small enough not to become annoying.This would be the `` desert island '' plug to have , in my view -- not too big , yet big enough to make its presence felt .
 Tantus rocks ! My only complaint with anal products from Tantus is that my wife orgasms during or shortly anal insertion ! The Ryder Anal Plug inserts and stays in place during sex play . The intense stimulation results in quick orgasms for my wife . I have to decide between inserting a penis or a Tantus toy in her anally because of the quick climax . This plug is not too large for comfort or too small for pleasure . It works !
 good price , and functional product , does what it says and the value is good for the price . would buy it again .
 These things are actually very good . Custom fitting them to your mouth can be a challenge at first -LRB- which I think is why they come in a 3 pack -RRB- . As others have stated , you are best to only dip these for about 2-3 seconds and then fit them . Do this multiple times until you get the fit you want . I got mine to the point where I think they are perfect , but I did ruin one in the process . These are so inexpensive that it would be wise to order extra . The product itself is very good , the challenge is getting them molded without making a mistake . It seems that if this product folds over on itself and cools , you will not get it apart . If you soak these things in boiling water for 5-10 seconds like the directions say , they will be too difficult to handle without folding . I would -LRB- and probably will -RRB- buy these again .
 I purchased these not for a professional fit , not for a product that is going to last 20 years . It was cheap , and it worked exactly as stated . They fit great , and they were amazingly easy to mold . If you ca n't figure it out from the instructions , there are videos online . If you need whitening trays , save yourself some money and buy these !
 These fit my mouth perfectly , and help with great teeth whitening . I do n't use a bleach product . I a peroxide/baking soda mixture that I make myself for much cheaper . The peroxide/baking soda mixture does n't have a minty taste , but the taste is very mild . I 'd highly recommend this , especially at the price !
 Not the highest quality ... . far from it.But check out that price tag!They work well enough for whitening.Couldn ' t ask for more -LRB- while keeping my bank account -RRB- .
 This is nothing fancy , but they serve their purpose ! For the price , I definitely ca n't complain . The dentist told me that I `` need a night guard , like , yesterday '' due to my teeth grinding/clenching . I could n't afford the huge price tag , but these are helping in the meantime !
 I tried the products that are sold to prevent nightly teeth grinding . They were WAY too thick & cumbersome !!!! This product may not last as long , but it is comfortable at night & inexpensive .
 Unlike most of the reviews , mine is VERY positive . These do the job . Be sure to follow the directions and trim away excess pieces witha a sharp pair of scissors and you should have no problems.Of course , at that price , I was n't expecting anything extra special , but I did well with this product . Just be sure to read the directions . . -LRB- which happen to be in about 8 different languages -RRB- : -RSB-
 Are you kidding ? For the price these are great ! Just because some people are inept with the use of their hands does n't mean that the trays do n't work . Read the title `` D.I.Y. '' That means that you are responsible for the fit of the trays - No , a dentist wo n't show up at your house , they wo n't fit right out of the package . You have to make them fit . What ever it takes.I fitted mine several times before they were what I wanted . The instructions do n't explicitly say that you can re-heat them and re-fit them but you can . I compared them to trays that my wife paid for from her dentist ~ $ 150 a piece ! That 's $ 300 for both . These are far better than the whitening strips - They do what they say ; they hold the gel on your teeth . Stop whining . If you want `` better '' trays be prepared to pay .
 After dipping these into hot water and fitting them , they only covered just my front teeth -LRB- about from the canines forward if you 're curious -RRB- . I was really looking for something that was like a whole fitting mouth tray without having to pay a dentist $ 250.00 or whatever they charge to mold one.If you just want something cheap to whiten your front teeth , then this product should do the job just fine . If you are looking for something to fit over all your teeth -LRB- molars included -RRB- , then you may want to look elsewhere .
 The easiest and the most efficient -LRB- cheapest and no timer -RRB- way to mold your own whitening trays . Included instruction says it all , warm it up and mold it to perfection as many time as you wish unless they really fit . I even did some readjustment after couple days of using them . You do n't have to cut these front tiny pieces-tags - it works more comfortable while putting trays in and out of your mouth.Along with 5min whitening solution they work just perfectly. :D big smile so you can see all my white teeth
 it came w / very easy to read directions but they did n't say anything for molding the bottom half . trust me you want to know what u r doing 1st .
 Great for the purpose intended or even a night guard.A dentist version is $ 500 , if your careful on making a tight fit it can serve an alternate purpose .
 had a little problem but finally got the right fit . It worked well and very happy when combined with the teeth whitening syringes .
 Very Quick Delivery . Easy to use and very flexible to mold a very close form of your teeth to apply whiteners or even to wear and a night guard for teeth grinding .
 I am use to using strips so it takes a little time to get use to the trays . But you cant beat the price and I am going to order trays for the whole family .
 Works great , molded to my teeth very well , has been used quite a few times and is still in great condition . A must have for a teeth whitening fanatic .
 I used hot water to mold these trays . The trays shrunk after a few seconds on the hot water , after making sure that it 's not too hot for molding - I proceeded and got my trays properly indented with my teeth . The trays also cools very fast , so you got to work fast with molding too . I trimmed the excess by using a regular scissor . It did not change shape after cooling off .
 I used the trays with a bleaching product I bought and it worked well . I 'd reccomend giving this product a try .
 The delivery process was faster than I expected . I am very pleased with my purchase . The trays cover a good are of the teeth and that 's exactly what I wanted .
 While my product arrived without directions , I am very thankful to other reviewers who posted how they did it . I recommend reading the review where the buyer discussed boiling water , cooling water , refitting , etc. . I 've since realized that my top tray is not the best fitting - but it was also the first tray I molded -LRB- and the good thing is that I have a 3rd to get it right -RRB- . And be sure to cut away extra plastic that will lay over your gums . This does take some finesse and time , but definitely worth it . These trays are somewhat bulky , but tolerable . For the money , you ca n't beat this - as teeth whitening has now cost me around $ 20 -LRB- trays and whitening stuff -RRB- as opposed to several hundred at the dentist . Color me happy !
 I received them pretty quickly . Molded just very easily , just followed the directions . Worked out great ! Would defiantly order from them again .
 So , these are for those who are crafty and can improvise . If that 's not you , do n't bother.Tips for Good Fit1 -RRB- There are 3 trays for a reason . Use the first one to test out your methods so your last 2 can be perfect .2 -RRB- Err on the short side for dipping duration . If it 's wilting , probably already too late . I used a larger set of water so I dipped for about 5 seconds .3 -RRB- Be sure to suck air out so it presses against your teeth .4 -RRB- I repeated this process 3-4 times per tray .
 I bought these Thermoplastic whitening trays after getting a mouth guard with a whitening product that was just so uncomfortable for me ! I figured , for the price I really could n't go wrong ! Now I should mention that not everyone will like these , and given the price nobody should be expecting dentist-quality trays . That said , for the few dollars I spent , I 'm rather pleased!PROS - Cheap - No plastic taste - Moldable to your mouth - Only need hot water to mold - Three trays in case you mess one up - Great for teeth whitening gels - Allow you to talk -LRB- with difficult -RRB- , drink water and spitCONS - Tricky to get just right - Even after trimming , amount of plastic between molars is uncomfortableOverall I 'm not displeased . After having left one tray in the boiling water for too long -LRB- shrank to an unusable size -RRB- I managed to get the other two pretty much to a usable mold for my teeth . Since I am using these for whitening , they are only in about 20 minutes every day or two , so I do n't mind that they are a little uncomfortable ! For the price I paid -LRB- compared to the $ 125 I was quoted by a dentist -RRB- I would definitely buy these again . Due to the lack of viable alternatives on the market , I would recommend them with some reservation - keep your expectations low and I think you might be pleasantly surprised .
 Considering I paid 65 dollars last time to have 2 molds made with the gel included , this was a nice savings . Make sure you order at least 35 % teeth whitening strength .
 I was reluctant because of the rating , but the ratings that WERE good convinced me to try them out . They are cheap so even if it didnt work out I wouldnt be upset . Today I finally got around to using them . Boiled water and used tongs to dip them in , pulled it out and blew on it for 2 secs , touched it to make sure it was okay , and then put on my teeth . Bit down a little , but also sucked the air out . -LRB- make sure you dont bite too hard , you could definitely bite through them while they 're pliable . -RRB- They molded really well ! I was pleasantly surprised . You can keep dipping them in and remolding until you 're happy . Great product .
 I have no complaints , molding them was easy enough , you have to put them in the boiling water then in your mouth and suck the air out , I did this twice for each one and did n't have to use the third one provided . They are n't as tight fitting as the ones you would get from a dentist but they work just fine for whitening .
 I am very satisfied with my order . The product is a good quality and it works great for whitening . I would recommend this . It was shipped to me fast .
 It takes some getting used to , but it works . Why get expensive custom trays when you can get these for much less ? They may not fit as comfortably as the custom trays , but the end result is the same from what I noticed .
 These teeth trays work great . I just use them to brighten my smile every now and again when I feel like my theeth are looking dull because of all the coffee I drink at the office . I tried to do the heat molding -LRB- when you dip them in hot water and shape them to your teeth by biting down in them -RRB- . It does n't really work , but for what I 'm using them for they fine either way . They were so cheap too ! I totally recommend this product if your looking for a simple whitening tray .
 Thought trays would have been a little more retentive ... but , may not have gotten the water hot enough making them easier to mold
 Great person to work with , quick svs . The product is OK . Fit is n't what I 'd like it to be but they serve the purpose OK .
 I am glad I got to find these . My teeth are very important to me and I love that I do n't need to order a custom made piece to protect them when I sleep or to treat them .
 I bought these to go with my plus white teeth whitener . They worked great . I put them in boiling water since it did n't work if it was n't and they fit great . They are a little thick but still for the price they are great . Oh but be carful not to put them on too fast in your mouth to mold them since I did the first time and cut my gums , my own fault . Live and learn . : -RRB-
 The thermofitting teeth whitening trays work great . I have whitener from my dentist but did n't want to spend the $ 300 for the trays , so I decided to try these . Had never heard of them before ordering either . . Never knew that by putting the unmolded trays in boiling water that they could then inturn be fit to your teeth.I had to dip them in the boiling water about 4 times , to get the best fit . And I did n't let my water cool down for a few minutes either , just after the water breaks boil , i removed from heat , and put the trays in until I saw they became very bendable!I recommend these very much . The plastic material is a little bulky , but still great and fit well once you have them mastered !
 Moldable THERMOFITTING Teeth Whitening Trays were easy to mold . The directions are pretty easy to understand . Personal use it took a few times dipping it in very hot water , biting down hard and pressing the front against my teeth to get a nice snug fit . I also thought that the whiting system I used spread easily on the tray . Three trays came in the kit and are reusable . I rate this Moldable THERMOFITTING Teeth Whitening Trays very easy to use and rate it a 5 star item . I would recomend the trays . Shipping was fairly quick and arrived in a bubble wrap envolope with the sealed clear bag to keep the trays free of damage .
 i mean for the price you really cant beat it . its pretty good , does the job . i would definitely buy it again .
 works good just make sure you dont keep them in the water too long or they will melt together -LRB- obviously -RRB- but just warning you
 The manual was very precise , but I found it a little hard to get the perfect fit.Anyway - it 's doing the job . I just put a film of &#34; 5 plus &#34; on my teeth with a cotton swab and then attach the trays.I had to cut of a lot because they were too large for my mouth .
 i bought a whitening cream and these are perfect to use with it as well . IF i need more ill for sure buy more : -RRB-
 dogs love these they keep their breathes fresh -LRB- does n't work to well getting rid of poopy breathe -RRB- great for all breeds
 I love tablets so I can break them into smaller dose and use as needed . Low zinc can cause high cholesterol so I take about 1/4 -1 / 2 the tablet several times a week . I am diabetic and I have high cholesterol so I did some research on it . My skin looks and feels better because they were ashy , flaky and looked terribly unhealthy . You can also take hair and nail supplements and should do equavelant . Make sure you do n't take it with some of the other supplements -LRB- I ca n't remember which ones -RRB- so do your research , but it can hinder the zinc from absorbing . Good luck .
 Amino acid chelates -LRB- glycinate -RRB- have superior bioavailability and Solgar is a reputable brand . And these are not just cheap chelated minerals -- they use Albion Labs -LRB- they make high quality , fully reacted chelates -RRB- .
 I was happy with the purchase . Very fast delivery , well packaged . Thank You !
 This product , of which I take 2 Tbls . A.M. and P.M. on an empty stomach , really ups your good bacteria naturally . It tastes like a liquid flavored yogurt . I would imagine after a series of antibiotics it would be particularly helpful . Laura
 The product in you are buying for 13 odd dollars is NOT total body purge . This is Grape-e-Power ! A remote-source Mediterranean green and red grape concentrate . It is delicious and Non-GMO and completely natural.Total Body Purge is also an awesome product if you need a total body detox product . . i heard they are also coming out with daily cleanse caps with fiber too . .
 I 've been using this brand of liquid stevia for a couple years , and it is by far my favorite . I have not used it in baking , but use it in tea , coffee , smoothies , and even soup when a little sweetening is needed . It tastes good and is not detrimental to my health like artificial sweeteners .
 I was amazed that I liked this product . I 've tried other Stevia products but so far this is the best .
 This really is about the most benign anal toy imaginable . Standing about 5 inches high in total -LRB- 4-1/2 '' insertable -RRB- , the tip is no bigger than your pinky , and the largest bulb is maybe the size of a thumb . For someone who is terrified about putting anything `` up there , '' this is the device to choose.Tantus has built a fine reputation with its high-quality silicone-based products , and this one is no exception . Silicone is very pliable and resilient , much different from the comparatively rigid molded plastic of days past . Indeed , it may take a little practice to aim this little guy properly so it will go in and not just bend around . Once started , however , it is extremely comfortable and non-threatening . As with any such toy , lubrication is essential . Cleaning of silicone toys is easy and effective.Note that this really is not a true `` plug '' in the traditional sense . It will not stay in place on its own , even when fully inserted , because there is not enough difference between the diameter of the largest bulb and the diameter of the shaft closest to the base . It continually wants to slide back out . It can be used as a way to relax and loosen things up for something more substantial , but it requires continual attention of some kind , either holding it in place or moving it in and out for stimulation.In sum , for anyone who is dying to try this kind of thing but is petrified by the idea of anal penetration , this is the product to choose . Chances are that you will want to graduate to something more substantial before too long -LRB- such as , perhaps , theTantus Ripple Large Anal Plug , Midnight Purple -RRB- , but this is a good start that will boost your confidence to continue . Combine that with the fact that Amazon charges significantly less for this than most other sellers , and even offers free shipping if you meet the dollar threshold , and you have no good excuse not to give it a try .
 I am grateful to find this as I have not been able to find locally they are great for skin nails and hair love them
 El producto lleg&oacute; a tiempo , sin contratiempos , sin problemas el producto de muy buena calidad . La atenci&oacute;n del vendedor muy buena
 I have now had this diaper organizer for 5 years and 3 kids . The same one has lasted through it all and I think it is great . Mine hangs from the wall above the changing table -LRB- I used screws -RRB- and is packed with baby supplies . I 've never been worried that anything will fall out and onto a baby . The diapers stay in place just fine -LRB- newborn diapers are obviously smaller , but I never had issues with those either -RRB- and the organizer does n't sag . I 'm not sure how it would sag . Maybe people just mean falls forward slightly . The only part I do n't like is that the shelf pockets do n't stay perfectly horizontal -LRB- they fall forward slightly -RRB- , but they are fairly deep pockets so , with a little common sense , it 's very easy to keep everything in place . I 've had it in 4 different spots on the wall in 3 rooms as I rearrange more than any human needs to and I have never had issues with it falling . It hs been very sturdy and useful .
 cute and stable . wish it came in pink but cant complain . good price , clean , stable , what every nursery needs . = -RSB-
 Work as what it is described . . Can really organize the baby stuffs well not only diaper . Strongly recommended if you want to organize your baby stuffs
 This is very easy to Velcro onto the side of the crib . Has a spot for a box of wipes , to small mesh compartments as well as 4 other places to put things and a diaper stacker in the middle . The problem I did run into was that the newborn diapers I would put in would just fall out through the opening which was frustrating but I got a clothes pin and pined the two sides together and it works fine now
 Great item if not using a traditional diaper changing station . We were using the playpen changer for the most part since our son 's nursery was upstairs . One negative
 I almost did n't buy this product after all the negative reviews I read . However , I am glad that I did . I have not had a single problem with the velcro . It has been hanging on the crib for nearly a year without it falling off once . I have added cute bows as extra support but only becasue I wanted it to look `` girly '' . This holds everything for me , wipes , diapers , ointments , soaps , lotions , nursing pads , toys , and much more . I do n't know what I would do without it !
 I 'm not sure why so many people panned this product . I 've had it up in my nursery for 2 weeks and it looks and functions well . My only issue is that the velcro straps are not long enough , so I neatly rigged it with some twine and it 's plenty stable . The bins are n't sagging -LRB- so far -RRB- and it holds just what I need .
 I have this organizer hanging on the wall right by my baby 's playpen . It holds everything I need for her and more . I recommend this product to anyone who needs one place to put everything for their child
 . buena calidad , lo que m&aacute;s gusta es la calidad , se lo recomend&eacute; a los amigos , es bueno el producto
 I got this organizer to make the most of the tiny space we have in our home . It really is a nice design , and it has a lot of potential . I love this organizer , I wish that it came in other colors besides white and green . A blue and pink might be ideas , but for now it 's green . I figure I will even use this after my tot is out of diapers , to store things like toys or little things in the closet if I hang it from the rod .
 Most diaper hangers have one compartment for a big stack of disposables . We use a variety of cloth diapers and this organizer is great because it has space to hold our prefolds , fitteds , doublers , pockets and inserts , and covers . I have n't loaded heavy things onto it , but I 've never had a problem with the shelves being unstable as another reviewer did .
 If you want a soft-hanging organizer , this is the best you 'll get . It does tip forward a bit , as any hanging fabric organizer will , but it has compensated for that with pocketed shelves -LRB- as opposed to open shelves like on theDex Products Ultimate Baby Organizerwhere everything slides right off -RRB- . I use this Munchkin organizer with thePrince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmerand it fits great right on top in a very convenient place . It fits everything I need in the organizer , whereas with theDex OrganizerI had to use an extra TV table tray to handle the overflow . The pocketed diaper middle section is great ! It actually holds the diapers in ! It 's tricky to `` restock '' it , but the fact that the diapers do not tip out more than makes up for it ! If you want something sturdier , you 'll have to go with hard plastic , because you wo n't find a better fabric organizer .
 This diaper organizer has a ton of space for diapers and other changing essentials . It conveniently attaches to the crib or door . I love the color and elegant look !
 There seem to be a lot of complaints about this organizer . But it works fine for me . It is true that the pockets can sag a little , but it probably all depends on what you put in them and how much you care . The items I have in my organizer are diapers , a tissue box , a small container of cotton swabs , package of wipes , a tube of baby gel and a bottle of baby lotion . It works well for me attached to the changing table . My changing table does consist of slats , so it was easy to install using the velcro tabs . The only part that I did not like was trying to install the organizer to be straight across - it is hard to align both velcro tabs exactly the same height . All in all , I am happy with the product . Mine is a blue color on the trim , not green -LRB- I got mine at Target -RRB- .
 Most comprehensive choice for my medical requirement . packaging is nature-friendly and accompanied by a quick order tag .
 I have post-polio syndrome and my left hand and fingers were becoming weak . Because of this , one day I was unable to get out of the bathtub . A friend of mine had to help me out . But with the purchase of this item I am now able to take a shower and not worry about not being able to get in and out of the bathtub . I also like how it has the back which gives me support amd a sense of security . There is a shower head holder close at hand as well . The way it extends out over the edge of the tub is extremely convenient for transferring myself out of my wheelchair and onto the bench . All in all I 'm extremely happy with this purchase .
 I purchased this for my mother , as she was unable to lift her legs to step into the tub . So we needed a bench that extended past the edge of the tub so she could sit and then we could help her lift her legs and swivel into the tub . The bar on the side helps her pull herself over and I think , as she gets stronger , thanks to this bench , she 'll be able to handle it by herself before long.I like that it has a back on it but it does n't feel too sturdy . Two slats slide/snap into place and it 's a little wobbly . It 's probably secure enough but I 'm not completely confident . I 'm sure it will hold my mother 's weight if she needed to put her full upper body weight on it but I 'd be a little wary of that for anyone that weighs more -LRB- my mother weighs about 140 lbs . -RRB- . Their bathroom is small and they use a portable commode seat over the toilet so that it 's raised higher , so we can not leave the bench in the bathroom when it 's not in use . We have to take the commode seat out and then bring the bench in . If they did n't need the other seat , it would fit well enough to leave it in there , but the legs do extend a little farther out than I thought they would.I like that the seat is all one piece . The slit to allow water to drain off falls right on the edge of my parents ' tub and sometimes water drips onto the floor , so we keep a towel on the floor . It 's never very much , though . I hear a little water sloshing around when I carry it out of the bathroom so water is getting into it somewhere . When my mother sits on it you can hear some air being expelled from the plastic seat , so that 's probably where the water is getting in.So , the bench could use some tweaks but overall it 's been a great help .
 Excellent overall . Awesome product , delivery - everything ! However , the directions were n't as thorough as they should be . I eventually got it together . It 's difficult finding this type of transfer bench locally -LRB- and even online -RRB- for this price , but found this easily on Amazon . Will always make purchases on Amazon and will definitely purchase from this Seller again . The manufacturer should improve on the assembly instructions though .
 I have been juicing and used this as a supplement to aid in the detox process .
 This is a one-piece substitute for the classic beads that are strung together on a string , to be inserted and then removed at the `` magic moment . '' Men or women can use them.The Tantus product is well-made , of `` platinum '' silicone -LRB- the highest grade -RRB- . It stands 9 '' tall -LRB- 8-1/2 '' insertable -RRB- . The initial bead is about 3/4 '' , while the remaining 5 beads are about 1 '' . This diameter is not problematic for insertion -- it 's a fairly tame size.This unit is very pliable and flexible , which is a good thing considering how far it must be inserted to engage all of the beads . In my view , it would be foolish to insert anything rigid that was this long . However , I found that even with the flexibility it became uncomfortable to insert the last bead because the tip seemed to be poking something inside . The flexibility also makes it a little tricky to get the thing started , because it wants to bend away from the target.There is enough difference between the bead diameter and the connecting shaft that you can feel the effects of the beads passing in or out , which is the whole point . Lubrication is , of course , essential . Fortunately , the silicone surface inherently resists everything , making this product easy to clean . That 's a good thing , because by nature this can get messy.All in all it 's kind of a good news/bad news situation . The good news is that this product is well-made and easy to care for , and is inherently far more capable of thorough cleaning than the traditional strung beads . The bad news is that the length -LRB- and required insertion depth -RRB- can cause discomfort , an issue that would not arise with traditional strung beads.Of course , this unit can be used at less than the full depth , and it still provides the effect -LRB- just with fewer beads -RRB- . Many people find this effect stimulating , and it may be worthwhile to have something like this in your bag of tricks . My rating is based not on the product 's quality , which is excellent , but on the good news/bad news tradeoff described above .
 This stuff is great . Sometimes it takes more than one tea bag , but it DOES work .
 My son has been on Elecare for 5 months . He is allergic to everything but this formula . This is the one product that he can consume without getting rashes . Well worth the money . The formula smells really bad but he seems to like the taste so , really , I guess it does n't matter what I think of the smell.The only concern that I would like to voice is that you should order the Elecare WELL in advance of when you think you are going to need it . I ordered it with 3-5 day delivery from Amazon and have now waited over 20 days . I had 5 cans at the time of the order which was certainly enough for 2 weeks . They changed the delivery timeframe on their website but did not bother to tell me . I called after waiting about 10 days and they informed me that it was back ordered . I again waited to that last day of their estimated delivery date and it did not arrive . I searched for the product on Amazon and surprisingly Elecare was not even listed on the website . At this point I was very frustrated and called back . They couldnt tell me when it was going to arrive . I cancelled the order . Now Elecare is listed on Amazon again but I cant take the chance and run out when they do n't get it to me .
 Our 1 year old daughter has a g-tube and we use this powder to add extra calories to my pumped breastmilk -LRB- 27 calorie feeds -RRB- We tryed preemie infant formula and human milk fortifier and everything else under the sun and it caused her to have excessive gas and malabsorbtion EXCEPT Elecare . The wonderful thing about this powder is that it can be used up until your child is 10 years old , so we will not have to transition her to something else as she grows - just change the amount of powder she gets as she grows and her calorie needs change.It is very pricey however - if your child REALLY needs this , then obviously your child is most likely -LRB- or definately SHOULD be -RRB- seeing a pediatric gastroenterologist - try to get this covered on insurance . It smells kinda nasty -LRB- luckily she dosnt taste it because it goes through the feeding tube -RRB- and you really reallly have to shake up the container/bottle -LRB- whatever you use to mix it up in -RRB- aggressively to get it to mix without little powdery lumps-otherwise it is just wonderful !
 Daughter diagnosed with Failture to Thrive . This is the only thing that is working . Too bad insurance does n't pay a dime to cover this medically necessitated formula
 this formula was a godsend for my son who was allergic to everything till he was three . now with my newborn daughter we started her right away on elecare and shes dling great ! just wished insurance paid : -LRB-
 Great transaction with this seller . I always run out of bags , so I decided to buy in bulk . Its the best thing Ive done in a long time . Theese bags are very sturdy . I have a 39 gallon trash can that I use inside the house , so I have to use lawn and leaf bags . Consider buying from this seller !!!!!!! You wont be disappointed .
 I use this product all the time and love it . I have told others about it and now they use it . I will always order it from Amazon from now on .
 This is one of my fave zippos , it is basically the candy apple red zippo with a devil emblem stuck on . people ask to see it everytime i take it out , if you 're not religiously offended by this and love zippos , this is the way to go .
 My first Zippo lighterPros - Legit Zippo lighter - Awesome red color -LRB- unless you dont like red -RRB- - Awesome GraphicCons - scratched a little -LRB- cant see it -RRB- If you like red lighter , buy it ! I love it !
 This is a real cool looking Zippo . But do n't be surprised by the looks peoples faces when they ask to borrow your lighter and they see this . Priceless ! It has a great feel to it in that it 's not one of those slick slippery lighters that Zippo sometimes makes .
 Bought this for the wife to wear . Her orgasm was fantastic . It was amazing how well it fit her . She gasped when I put it in her . Good for me too , but I do n't think quite as amazing as hers was .
 Reviewer 's primary use is female -LRB- self -RRB- to male contact.Pros
 I was interested in pegging so I bought this for the wife to use on me because I wanted her to have some stimulation too . After our first use , I can honestly say that it was the perfect toy for us ! She did not last long and it is not too big or too small for either of us . I read reviews saying that it tends to slip out of the vagina so I also bought the Bare as You Dare Harness for it just in case . I would buy this again in a heartbeat !
 Awesome ! Buy extra batteries ! They lasted for 3 long sessions . Buy lube too . It is big and we probaby should have gone with the smaller skinny one . I guess we will grow into it !
 One word ... amazing !!! So much so I just placed an order for the reeldoe feeldoe . Best investment I 've ever made . With the feeldoe me and my girlfriend can experience a more intimate experience that has brought us even closer sexually then before !
 Well my girlfriend loves this product but its really hard to keep in at times ... Like if you wan na change positions it comes out . . but it gets the job done . .
 Absolutely LOVE IT . Was worried a bit when i seen the actual size , but it works absolutely perfectly . Vibrator is kinda pointless when used with the product but aside from that its awesome , Highly recommend it .
 Tantus makes great silicon products . Joyhollywood is a pleasure to purchase from . Super fast shipping .
 This product combines perfect with my Norelco advantega razor . I have very sensitive skin and this gel makes mine very smooth so when I shave it does n't irritates my face and to be honest , this has been my all time problem . With the Norelco advantage and this gel , my problems are gone . I trully recommend it.The only down I found on this product is that it does n't last to much shaves .
 I bought my boyfriend the razor that uses these cartridges for Christmas . However , it 's impossible to find the replacements near our home . At times , we 've been able to find the lotion replacement cartridges , but he prefers the gel . He feels it is a closer , more comfortable shave . He has a lot of trouble finding good razors that do n't irritate his sensitive skin , but he has had no troubles with this at all . The razor 's heads pivot very well , and it does n't miss a spot ! I bought him a large supply of these replacements , and I know he 's glad to have them .
 I prefer the Gel to the lotion - it feels cooler on the skin and without the greasines.For some reason I do n't seem able to find either in a local store . Yay for the internet ...
 I for one love the gel 171 . I 've tried both the lotion and gel but can not get as close a shave with the lotion . Plue the shaver seems to drag on the face much more with the lotion 170 . The gel is the way to go.I would like to buy the gel at the local stores but it is not sold there . The lotion is on all the shelves but no gel . The only way I could get the gel was through on-line delivery . Why is this ? Confused on that marketing .
 I have used this product for approx . 3 years now as I much prefer it to the lotion . It works better for me as I have a heavy beard and it greatly reduces irritation . I will use this product until I either change razors or they make something better .
 Everytime I purchase this product it never fails me when I have to shave . It is a great smelling aroma , and it is smooth on the face .
 somehow this is very hard to find in the stores , I ordered it with my prime shipping and am very happy !
 I bought this for my husband in hopes that he would be able to use an electric razor rather than a Mock 3 which was getting expensive . The Razor came with lotion and the gel . The lotion did n't do anything for him but he sure noticed a difference with the gel . Normally he would get a rash after shaving with an electric razor but this time he did n't so he is hooked ! Too bad it is so difficult to find in the stores !
 It 's nice to know that you can go on-line and order replacement accessories for older electric razor models ! I still use this electric to this day , after 16 years .
 Good price , convenient Free Shipping when ordering more than $ 25 worth of product , Quick shipping ! Thanks !
 Who needs shaving cream ! This gel glides over my face and prevents the razor burn .
 The year before last I was given a Philips Norelco Cool Skin Shaver . I tried both the Nivea cream and gel cartridges . The gel seemed to work better out of the shower . If your like me and need a mirror so you can see what your doing use the gel . This is a great product and I have n't found it anywhere cheaper than on amazon .
 This is the only shaver that I use , so the gel is a necessity . Great for sensitive skin .
 Only place I could find this for my hubby - price was very reasonable , and he prefers the gel to the lotion ... smell is not overpowerful either .
 The shaving gel works great on my beard providing a clean , clear cut in and out of the shower . I have no problems with it .
 Products works fine and makes it much easier to shave on a hot day .
 This product makes using the Norelco HQ171 electric razor much more comfortable and allows a far more comfortable shave without skin irritation . I would highly recommend this electric razor as well . The gel cartridge is very easy to install and remove .
 It is a great product and makes my husband 's face as smooth as a baby 's you know ...
 I have a Norelco razor that uses either shaving lotion or shaving gel . My personal preference is the gel . As I get older , I need more moisturizing and the gel helps provide it .
 I tried this product and then bought 3 packages more , because I felt it was an great product.I rate this as an excellent product .
 The gel works great and allows you to moisturize the face for a close shave .
 My skin is quite sensitive . That 's why I go to the trouble and expense of the Advantage/Cool Skin system . I used to use the lotion -LRB- HQ 170 -RRB- because the package says it 's for sensitive skin -- and because I 've never seen the gel in a store.Two months ago , however , I had to replace my shaver , and the new one came with samples of both gel and lotion . I found that the gel lubricates a little better , and the decreased friction seems to result in decreased irritation . A few days ago , I inadvertently replaced a gel cartridge with a lotion cartridge , and I felt the difference right away.I have n't found that my face really likes either the gel or the lotion , but shaving goes slightly quicker with the gel , which is a small added benefit.It 's nice that Amazon `` offers '' this product itself
 I have used both the lotion and the gel and I fing the gel is a much smoother shave .
 This product is preferred more than the lotion for the recipient of this gift
 The razor was a perfect buy , worked perfectly ! Would suggest as a great gift during the holidays !!!!!
 This was our standard trauma dressing for the EMS service I worked providing 911 services for Orlando . I have used this trauma dressing myself dozens of times . In calls involving gunshot wounds or stabbings all I had to do was put this dressing on top of the wound and secure it with kling , haul ass to the hospital . Is very basic and simple . I am sure there is much better products but it did what was meant to do , stop the bleeding .
 Made in China . Honestly , I hope I never need to use it ! Definitely worth having in the house just in case . Nothing special to attract or detract from the product . Its a multi-traumal dressing .
 I have been taking this brand of liver extract for 6 months now and it has done wonders ! I was diagnosed with fatty liver and my enzymes were sky high around 180 and should be lower the 50 I believe but had my 6 months check up yesterday and what do you know my enzymes were at an all time low of 22 . I swear by this product and will not use any other for my liver issues.Thanks
 very good pure product ... Hard to find in capsules . . decent price , but wish it were cheaper.Probably would buy it again .
 This is better for people with sensitive skin than the HQ171 extra fresh . It feels smoother and does n't make my razor drag or my face burn like the evil extra fresh lotion does . The lotion packs last pretty long.For me it is cheaper to buy the lotion packs than buy new gillette mach 3 turbo blades . -LRB- this would depend on how much lotion you use -RRB- Although I do n't get as close a shave I get way less irritation .
 This stuff actually works . I use it with my 7735x and it feels really smooth . It also does n't burn like the HQ171 does .
 The Norelco rotary shaver that dispensed HQ170 as it shaved my face provided the smoothest electric shave that I have ever had . I have sensitive skin and found the lotion left my face feeling smooth and not raw as I had felt after using a Remington reciprocating cutter.I tried the HQ171 Gel but it was slightly irritant and did not smooth the shaver heads over the skin like the lotion did .
 I just bought the 7735X Norelco electric shaver , and it 's the best shaver investment I have made yet . The ability to dispense the lotion directly from the shaver is great , and the closeness of the shave is amazing . The best part is that it does this with little to no irritation unlike my past electric shavers . I highly recommend these lotion cartridges to anyone who has these shavers !!!
 I like this better then the shaving gel because it leaves your skin a lot smoother , making shaving enjoyable . Great product . Wish more packs came in a box .
 When used with one of the Coolskin shavers -LRB- I do not see this product being used without them , anyway -RRB- , this is by far the best option available.It is the only thing that will avoid skin irritation and reduce cuts . It also leaves a nice feeling that eliminates the need for an after shave gel or anything similar .
 It does what it is supposed to do . It is easy to use . It 's reasonably priced . So ... I like it .
 The razor my husband uses needs this product . I am unable to find it elsewhere . This was priced fairly and came in a short time after ordered .
 My husband has that particular Norelco razor . It had become hard for him to find the replacement cartridges locally , so this works well for him . I order them when he runs low . He has to have them , or replace a good razor . Thanks .
 I am very happy wtih this product because is the best for my face . in my country I did not find it . By Amazon is the solution for all .
 It is a great product my husband loves shaving with it and I love touching his skin .
 I never thought the world would get here . I am actually spending time to type up a review , online , for shaving lotion.Well , here you go
 THIS SHAVER WILL NOT GIVE A COMFORTABLE SHAVE WITHOUT THE LOTION DISPENSER . FEEL ROUGH AND NOT SMOOOTH . LOTION IS 1.00 A TUBE AND LAST ABOUT 15 SHAVE WHICH IS A GOOD VALUE ...
 For years I 've had shaver `` burn '' on my neck , whether I used a traditional razor or an electric one . I tried any number of electric shavers over the years . The Norelco shaver that uses the Nivea lotion is the only one that has resulted in skin that does n't feel or looked like I used sandpaper on my skin . Highly recommended for those with this problem .
 I like the lotion much more than the gel for this shaver . I have very sensitive skin so this helps a lot . My main complaint is that I have to use a lot of it .
 this product works well for me . Too bad it did n't also come in a bottle like other pre shave lotions . I use it most of the time as I 've been in a hurry at times and use my Norelco shaver dry , but I like it with the lotion better . Shower shaving is nice too . The steam in the shower helps set up my beard . All in all it 's very convenient for travel too . I recomend it highly .
 I liked this lotion much better than the gel that Norelco included with the original purchase of my shaver . It is the same lotion that Norelco provides but by purchasing through Amazon I was able to save approximately 1/3 off the price that Norelco lists on their own website . This is an anomaly of the internet which I still can not fathom . Why is it that we can get things cheaper from the middle men than we can from the manufacturer ? Something is wrong with this and I 'm just glad I can take advantage of someone .
 I 've been using the Nivea skin lotion with my Norelco razor for years now . It always aids in helping me achieve a closer shave without any burning skin after . Good product .
 It does everything it should do ; unfortunately , does n't seem to be available at WalMart any longer , so we were pleased to find it at Amazon .
 This is a good price . The retailer is very good . I received the product what I expected and also deliver on time . definatly will buy from this retailer .
 Great price . These are hard to find in stores . And it helps leave the skin soft and smooth while aiding the blades for a closer shave .
 Fast Service ! Half the price we had paid at Walmart who had stopped selling it ! Have been finding everything we need and at great prices on Amazon.com
 Great product . I have used Nivea cartridges for my Norelco shaver for 10 years . Could n't live without it .
 I 've been using these creams for a long time , and seeing them available on amazon was a relief -LRB- especially with the subscribe-and-save option -RRB- . This is the basic refill that helps a smooth -LRB- and non-painful -RRB- shave with Phillips products . It basically comes to not whether you 'll buy the product , but where you 'll obtain it . For myself , amazon is a good choice .
 Very pleased with the product , I have been using it for years with different model Norelco Razors i have owned.What i love most is being a memeber of Amazon Prme and getting this in two days and for less than it would cost me buying in the store .
 the norelco lotion dispensing razors are the best for me and this service is a lot easier than trying to find a pharmacy that stocks the lotion cartridges
 Ensure Plus Complete Balanced Nutrition Drink , Ready to Use , Butter Pecan , 24 - 8 Fluid Ounce BottlesIn 1998 I had cancer of my throat . For the radiation treatmemnt they had to remove all my teeth . The result was - no teeth and elimination of half my saliva glands . The doctors told me that 4 bottles of Ensure Plus would give my my daily requirements of calories and protiens plus 24 other vitamins and minerals . So for 10 years I have been on this diet . For the record I am 85 years old and relatively healthy . I have maintained my weight at 178 lbs . My doctors think that 's great considering I 'm 6 ' 1 '' tall . Now thats the reason I use Ensure Plus . But , the most important is that it tastes great . They have about five flavors to appeal to any taste . They are nice and creamy . And , can substitute for food when taking medication that requires food . I have Amazon send me four cases every month on the Subscribe and Save program . This program includes shipping for free . This makes it about a dollar less per six pack than in the store - and it comes right to your door .
 I , too have undergone treatment for throat cancer . At different stages liquid nutrition is all that I could or can manage . This is my favorite flavor and is impossible to find locally . I ca n't consume chocolate or coffee so my options are limited.Before radiation treatment I preferred Scandishakes which have more calories , are powdered , you make them with real milk and they taste more like real milkshakes , however , after radiation with a sore throat I found that the Scandisahkes , even with almond milk as a substitute for real milk , aggravated my sore throat.I 've tried Boost , CVS ' copy and a Carnation product -LRB- in vanilla flavor -RRB- and like the flavor and consistency of Ensure the best .
 I did n't realize `` plus '' was higher in fat and calories , so be sure you need the extra calories -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . Regardless , delicious and nutritious and dairy free . And satisfying . These hold me over to my next meal .
 My mother loves this product . She does not refuse or forget to drink her butter pecan flavored ensure . Mother says the ensure tastes like milkshake . You can smell the vitamins . My family feels better knowing that mother is getting nutrition .
 My dad is getting up there in age and sometimes is n't motivated to eat or eat well . We 've had to supplement so he 's getting more meals per day . This product along with peanut butter sports bars , whey powder mixed with milk , and Pepperidge Farm Oatmeal cookies have been his between meal snacks that have actually helped him put on a little weight again . Put an Ensure over ice and add a half scoop of chocolate whey powder and I do n't think you can pack in many more digestible and nutritional calories into a delicious drink . He loves it .
 Product arrived in good time as promised . Cost is a little higher than when on sale in grocery store or in warehouse store but factoring in the regular quantity needed and time , gas , and energy needed to shop and haul to second story of a condo building , Amazon 's subscription service is a great deal .
 WHAT IS A SUPPLEMENT IN MY DIET HAS BECOME HEALTHY SNACK FOR TEENAGER
 Doesnt dry out and goes the distance and then some . Like using nothing at all when you need to use something . Best lube you can get !
 Very slick material , better than the previous ones that I used ... But beware that it dries in very short times -LRB- maybe in 4-5 mins -RRB- . Cleaning is easy ...
 This product is excellent . No more sticky residue . Just as the label says
 Have tried numerous lubes . This one is great . Lasts throughout foreplay , which cam last for up to 30 mins . She loves it.Is great for intercourse too . Vaginal dryness is not an issue with Liquid Silk .
 This is a great product ! Long lasting and glycerin-free so it does n't burn like a lot of lubes do . A 250 ml bottle has lasted two years .
 I found this lube on a trip to Good Vibrations in San Francisco . The very helpful sales assistant gave me a lube lecture , explaining the differences in silicon - , oil - and water-based lubricants . Liquid silk felt the most natural of all the lubricants I checked out in the store , and it does not get sticky like other water-based lubricants . It 's the best !
 I was skeptical of the claims in all of the product reviews . After using the product several times , I am now a true believer.Not tacky or sticky as advertised and very natural feel . Only thing better is the real thing !
 This stuff lives up to its name . Its so silky . it can be used for anal play , vag play , solo maturbation for men and women ! its just perfect . never dries up , and never sticky . I really do belive its the best stuff out there .
 I hate hunting for a lube that feels good . This one feels great . It reduces the friction that can make using toys uncomfortable , yet is easy to clean up afterward .
 I used to use KY and will never go back after I purchased Liquid Silk . It NEVER EVER gets sticky and it is great for use with sex toys , self masturbation , vaginal or anal sex . A little bit truly does go a long way also . Most amazing product ever .
 This is a great product . It does not get sticky , just dries up after a bit.Great if a woman 's vagina dries out easily . Very natural feeling and great for a hand job !
 My wife has allergies , and always had a reaction to the other glycerin/jelly products that are on the market . She would complain that they hurt , stung , etc. . This product does not irritate her skin , is easy to use bedside because of the pump , and just one push of the pump is all we need . It works well , has nice glide to it , and cleans up nicely . Almost feels a bit more a dairy cream than a personal lubricant . Highly recommended !!!
 My boyfriend and I have used this product for anal and vaginal and it is excellent for both . Really smooth action , goes on and stays in place -LRB- does n't run all over -RRB- and easy to apply . Also works nice for toys -LRB- I have tried it on glass , plastic and rubber with no problems -RRB- and works well with latex condoms.The only drawbacks that are significant are taste -LRB- pretty bitter but not terrible -RRB- and the drying out time . When it starts to dry out it feels tacky . If you are using it for anal or vaginal , I would say it is good to go for at least a half hour without needing to be re-wetted or reapplied . However , if you are using it in the open air , it dries out much faster , say 5 to 10 minutes . It is easily fixed with a few drops of water but , annoying if you are n't used to a water-based lube . Also , I once got this in a small open cut and it burned and stung ! So if you have sensitive skin , that might be a deal-breaker for you.One of the biggest pluses is the clean up ! Comes off really nicely with soap and water without feeling oily or slick after you are done or leaving residue on toys . Also have used a damp warm washcloth and that also works well for clean up . Other things I like about it include the viscosity which is pretty thick compared to KY or Astroglide , and the pump is very nice for getting more product , rather than fumbling with a cap if your hands are already slick . I also really like the feel of the product when it is in use
 I 've actually purchased Liquid Silk before and that one was starting to get low . I do NOT want to run out of this product . It is n't sticky , does n't have a fragrance and it lasts . Great if you are going through menopause !
 The product is non-oil based , which is the best thing to use . It 's non-irritating and just a little bit goes a long way . So , one bottle should last a while . Great product !
 I am not naturally well-lubricated , so my husband and I rely on personal lubricants for pleasurable intimacy . This is my very favorite so far.I am sensitive to many lubes I tried before -LRB- they gave me yeast infections -RRB- , but this one has never presented me with any problems . It is also the best-feeling for penetrative sex . The only drawback is that it does n't taste great . I still rate it 5-star . My sex-life would not be half as good without it .
 You can take this bottle on the plane - this is the to go cup.This stuff is the bomb . OK , guys , you 're on your own , you are missing that special somebody , watching television or your comptuer , and well , you 're on your own ... . Yep , this stuff feels like , well you know , the real thing . It 's just the right thickness and slippery that , you 'd swear you were someplace else . Now the best part , this stuff stays wet for a long time . I 've tried some other lubes that just get gummy after like 5 minutes , and you have to keep adding more or adding liquid to work . No , this stuff , good for 20 minutes.And the best part - it 's like latex paint , water clean up man . No left over residue , nothing . Now , add this to your favorite mechanical or flexible assistant , and you 've got an incredible combination . When you 're finished , flip that baby inside out , give her a good rinse and it 's all ready to go for the next time.Look at the reviews from females here , add this to your normal routine if there 's a hot dry wind blowing and you need some help on that condom or bareback ; this stuff just kills . I found out about this stuff from a really great sex shop mostly geared for women . I bought basically the wrong lube for a blue lagoon -LRB- you get it , flexible blue tube with little bumps inside -RRB- , but the person that waited on me did n't want to say - hey wrong lube sir . Instead she did this really cool thing , tossed two samples of LiquidSilk in the bag . And she added a really good pamplet on how to care for the blue lagoon . Oh the other junk just went gummy , this stuff was heaven.Flavor , yeah well it 's kind of bland . Not offensive , but not super pleasant . Not sure I 'd eat a lot of this . You probably want to get the tasting part done before pulling this out.So I loaded up on a nice bottle with a pump . The good news , LiquidSilk , does n't go gummy in your hand , on your tools , or on your private parts .
 Been trying to find the right lubricant for what I was looking for ... Water base , No bad oder , cleans up good , and needs to have a good taste or no taste ... After reading all the reviews it was between this and pjur . . So I thought I would order the smaller bottle just to see if it was worth my time . . This stuff is good slick and cleans up great and has no taste the only downfall is it doesnt last real long about 15 20 min then have to reaply but its water base so you can just add a little water to get it back into shape . . I would def recomend this if your looking for a good lube .
 Seems to be more long-lasting than the Astroglide I was using previously . Definitely think I 'll order more when it runs out .
 This lube is great for any purpose . My wife and I love it . What makes it perfect is it is n't sticky at all , in fact you could kind of compare it to lotion in the fact that it kind of just disopears on its own over time . It is n't a sticky mess like other lubes . But it is still very slippery and lasts a long time .
 I was tired of the sticky stuff that wears out fast that 's sold in regular stores , so I went to an adult store . The associate recommended this , and I 've been using it for 3 years now . Works well for both the real thing and otherwise .
 It is a bit messy , but well that might be expected ! Otherwise , great for what it does . A little bit goes a LONG way !
 Have used several lubes in the past . Tis one `` just works '' for me . No odor , no tacky feeling.Love it !
 it 's everything men need to take advantage on any night to create that hot sensual boom . `` liquid silk '' makes them ask were can get this product ? it 's make anyone who ? has never use this . `` liquid silk '' demand ! silk . its so hot ... yes ...
 This is a non-sticky personal lubricant . Only a small quantity is needed and it works!Would recommend it to those women with personal lubrication inadequacy
 Liquid Silk is the best personal lubricant we have found . Period . It produces excellent balance of slipperiness and friction!The product lasts because the amount needed is minimal . The container will yellow before the product is used up.Recommend this for all sexually active partners .
 My wife and I searched high and low to find the perfect lube . Liquid Silk won the day ! I ca n't recommend this enough , it cleans up easy and has great staying power .
 The product is non-oil based , which is the best thing to use . It 's non-irritating and just a little bit goes a long way . So , one bottle should last a while . Great product !
 There are a lot of lubes on the market , but there are drawbacks to most . Water-based lubes can be used with anything , but they dry up too fast . Silicone lube is great and stays slick forever , but can dissolve silicone toys , can be messy , and tends to be too thin and runny . Liquid Silk combines the best of both worlds to give a lube that wo n't get dry or tacky and is thicker and stays in place better .
 It works great for anal because it does n't get sticky after a bit like other but for masturbation it is not that great .
 I love liquid silk lubricant but I wish they made it in bigger size ! Does not get sticky - it 's milky in color & the consistency is almost like a slippery lotion .
 It works , but I have found it dries up pretty quickly . Adding a little water renews its lubrication properties.Definitely worth a try if you 're looking for a good lube . It probably works better for intercourse .
 Very inexpensive , works better than anything we can buy locally . My wife loved it ! Use very little . The bottle should last a long time .
 Works great , not messy or tacky . No odor or stickiness like some other products . It 's worth paying a few dollars extra for something that 's a priority . Tried some other products but we like this one the best .
 It is great . Much better than some that are two or three times the cost and less than half in the quantity . It is silky , smooth , oily look but no stickiness , long lasting . This is the last one I will ever try . I found the perfect one !
 The consistency was better than anything else I 've tried -LRB- and I 've tried a lot -RRB- - smooth , slippery , but without being greasy , slimy , or sticky . The thickness was also just right - goes on smoothly , not gloopy , but not too watery as to be dripping everywhere either . The problem is that you need to use a lot and reapply every MINUTE or so . It dries way too quickly for a product of this nature.In summary , I 'd buy it again because I like the feel , but next time I 'm going for the bigger bottle because this wo n't last long !
 I REALLY prefer silicone over any other lube , but I had to get a water-based lube for my Fleshlight -LRB- silicone breaks down the Fleshlight material and also other toys -RRB- . I was using Astroglide , which is HORRIBLE because it gets so sticky when it dries out , and it 's so `` stringy '' -LRB- hard to explain , but I 'll spare you since this is n't an Astroglide review -RRB- . Other water-based lube does the same thing . As with all water-based lube , this one does dry out after a while -LRB- unless of course you 're using it for intercourse -RRB- but at least this one does n't get sticky when it dries out . That 's a BIG plus !
 This is an excellent lube . Definitely feels like silk , wet and slippery . Once is a while you have to reapply but that 's OK it 's worth it.No smell , or taste . Nice bottle with pump . We have bought a lot of lubes in the past that were just ok but this is one we would repurchase .
 Tried many , and did not like any product until we tried this . Started with a small bottle , and we were sold . Have n't had any problem feels fabulous , and easy to use , slippery and feels most like nature . Have n't noticed any funky smell , but I 'm not into tasting lube , so do n't know about that . Seems to stand up long enough , but as with all lubes , you would probably need to add if you 're running a marathon . Overall if you 're looking for something that feels great , lasts a while , and get 's the job done , then this is the one for you . It 's our favorite .
 It gets the job done and does n't leave a sticky , gross feeling . It 's pretty excellent .
 My boyfriend discovered this lube in a test packet sent with some toys from another site . Now it 's the only thing we buy , and I buy these little 50ml bottles for my `` travel kit '' or give them to friends to try and buy their own ! : D
 I purchased two of these because they were so marked down and because they are organic and that means soft , and they really are . The color is not bright , very creamy since organic is never bleached which is a good thing.After I washed these they shrunk a bit especially the mitt , but I guess that is expected . They are made well , so I think they will hold up well through many baths . Would repurchase but not at full price .
 having to drink a minimum of 1-2 nutritional supplements daily i quickly became tired of regular ensure type products and was thrilled when dietician in the hospital recommended the enlive products . i personally prefer the peach but always keep the apple on hand too for a change of pace
 My husband was undergoing intensive inpatient rehab for quadriplegia and while at the rehab hospital was started on this product to give him extra calories -LRB- he 's tall and skinny -RRB- to improve his weight and help prevent skin breakdown . He enjoyed the Peach flavored Enlive so much that when he came home we started ordering it for him and he drinks 2 a day and it helps him maintain his weight .
 This items appears tobe hard to get from the supplier . My wfe needs for a medical condition and out of stock makes it dificult . I wish the supplier could provide on a consistent basis . Thanks
 Enlive has helped my mother-in-love regain her strength after a long illness ... For some time she could n't hold anything else down ... She has been drinking it for about 5 months now and still finds the taste refreshing ... Thank you for a wonderful product .
 I enjoy the flavors apple/peach . I have been ill and pretty much living off the stuff for 4 months and I axtually look forward to my next one.My only complaint is I have been out of work with very little money coming in and I have to use the free shipping to make it worth my while with Walmart.Apple will get to me alot faster than the peach . Look forward to at least 3 weeks for Apple and 6 to 7 weeks for PeachThank you Amazon for carring the product.Lee Oliver
 I 'm very happy with the cleaning power of this machine , which I have installed in a shower stall . -LRB- So I ca n't speak for coverage in a larger bathtub area . -RRB- I started with a clean shower about a year and a half ago , and using this after every shower has kept it clean . The only trace of mold is down at the very bottom of the shower , a small line of it and not enough to be worried about . The replacement bottles are expensive , but worth it given that I 'm * not * buying other cleaners to keep the shower clean , and that I 'm doing no work whatever.The only reason I 'm taking off a point is because of the battery situation . Another reviewer commented that the shower cleaner eats up batteries quickly . I 'm not sure if that 's the case . The problem I 've had is that the batteries easily become unseated in their compartment , so that a contact is n't made . And it is in fact very difficult when replacing batteries to get them in just right so that they 'll work . I 've found that tilting the machine in one direction or another when replacing the batteries is sometimes enough to get them lined up just right , but of course it 's not something consumers should have to worry about.Otherwise , a great product . I 'd definitely recommend .
 I am the disabled mom of 3 teens/young adults -- I physically can not scrub the shower -LRB- ca n't bend/twist -RRB- and my kids are lousy at cleaning showers.We first put a unit in the master bath shower -LRB- glass walls/door -- miracle ! It took about 2 weeks for the build up to disappear -- just as the insert said . I 'm the last to use this shower daily so it 's used after my shower . The _ only _ downside is that it does n't reach quite to the top of the shower walls , but that part still looks great since I do ` scrub ' it monthly -LRB- with a scrubber on a telescoping handle since I can not bend to get to the floor -RRB- . It has been in this shower for nearly a year and I have NEVER used any other cleaner in it yet . And I just changed the batteries for the VERY FIRST TIME yesterday!A month later we put a unit in the kid 's bath/shower combo -- which to say the least was a mess . It did take about a month to dissolve the scum and it does n't reach to the top 12 inches of the back wall , but it 's a HUGE improvement over what was for sure ! The shower curtain liner is a ` mildew proof ' one that we throw into the washer about twice a year -- it looks great and no more build up on it at all . We have found that the tub part needs to be scrubbed -LRB- we use baking soda -RRB- about once a month -- not too surprising since the directions say to clean the shower once a month anyways . We 're still on the original batteries on this one.For less than $ 10.00 a month for refills -LRB- watch for coupons and it 's even less -RRB- this has been one of the best cleaning product investments I 've made.Having clean showers even tho I ca n't do the bending/twisting to scrub them has been a true godsend . I 've recommended this to a friend with similar spine/mobility issues and it 's worked great for her too .
 I believe this is the best invention since sliced bread ! The unit does cover to love , so luckily for us we have a drop ceiling , so I got creative and hung it at a higher level so it covers more of the shower . It keeps the shower freser longer and I hate nothing more than to scrub a shower , so when I do have to clean it , it is not as hard , keeps the scum off . This is a little expensive and I wish the units would last longer in between having to buy a whole new unit ... but like I said I HATE cleaning showers and this is the best thing on the market so far to make this job easier . Now I wish their other products were in rust proof containers , I would use them more often . Finding some coupons to buy would be nice too .
 I 've been using this device for almost three months and my shower still looks clean . Do n't understand why some folks are having a hard time with it . As for covering the entire shower area , mine is about 73 inches . There 's a small bench area that continues where the tub ends , and it does cover that area . Not alot mind you , but a bit of it does spray on there . Plus my shower curtain liner still looks spotless.As for the expense for buying the refills . I go through two of them in three weeks , but there are always coupons in your local Sunday paper . That 's how I have purchased mine . So far so good the product has worked for me .
 I have no idea why anyone would n't love this product . I live in an area with hard water . When I installed this product I did n't even clean my shower . I have not cleaned/scrubed my shower in a month ! It looks better than when I would scrub . It is brighter and does n't have that icky film that used to make it feel dirty even when I had cleaned it . Also , there is no pink or green unwanted stuff . The key is to hit the button after the last shower of the day . If you are doing that daily it works great ! My only caution is shower doors . If you do n't want spots squeegy it down after a while .
 I purchases the Scrubbing Bubbles Automatic Shower Cleaner for my teenager 's shower ... you know why ! When I first installed it , I pushed the button at least 17 times and nothing happened . So I called their customer service line.They were very nice and encouraged me to keep pushing as they sometimes take a long time to `` prime '' themselves . Now it works fine . We have had it about 4 months . My job of cleaning is much easier and my daughter likes to use it as all it takes is the push of a button . This was definitely worth the price !!!
 Update
 I received the Scrubbing Bubbles Automatic Shower Cleaner as a Christmas Gift and have used it for about a month and a half now . However invented this machine was a genius . It works really well and I have already noticed a huge improvement in the cleanliness of our shower . It not only maintains a clean shower but it removes stains that would n't even come off with a normal scrubbing . No more mildew or soap residue . So far I have had no problem with the unit . If you use it once a day the solution should last about a month .
 love this product ... have not had a problem with it not working . -LRB- perhaps prior reviewer has mineral buildup from hard water ? -RRB- . i found that an initial heavy cleaning using a magic eraser to remove soap scum buildup and other deposits , then regular use of this cleaner produces great results . i do have to do a manual cleaning about every other month , but this is just to get some horizontal surfaces where stuff can buildup , and to counteract the fact that i have three sons and a husband who all share one bathroom , yet i 'm the only one who remembers to use the shower cleaner .
 This product works as advertised . I 've had it for a couple of months now and it makes a noticeable difference . I use it just once a day . The bottles last about three weeks , so that becomes an ongoing expense of about $ 5.00 per month . The spray does n't go quite high enough for my shower , and this is what lets me know how well it 's working . I 'm mystified why one reviewer says this does n't work . My shower is acrylic and glass , if that makes a difference . You are supposed to use it immediately after a shower while the walls are still wet . And my shower was pretty clean to begin with . -LRB- Not to disparage the other reviewer , but this is n't a miracle cure . If you live in grunge and mold it will probably take awhile to see results ! :--RRB- And I suppose the type of water you have might affect the outcome , though I consider my water rather hard , so I would think my water is the worst environment for this sort of product . There is a very faint flowery odor when you use it , but much less than any other household cleaner you would use on a shower . I 'm very pleased with this and highly recommend it .
 Two of these in the house have worked pretty flawlessly for months . No , it wo n't turn a mold-fest into a sparkling clean shower . Duh . But it does a bang-up job of keeping a clean shower or tub clean , with regular use . Just do n't change the batteries when the thing is wet , and it works great . Not sure how people are burning up so many batteries in these . Mine has gone through one set in 5 months , and that 's using it at least once a day .
 Works really well!I definitely recommend this if you live in a humid climate .
 I am using this in our new bathroom . The first time we used the shower , I started using this automatic cleaner . Six months later , the shower looks brand new and I have not cleaned the shower at all ! Also , I have not had a lick of trouble with the unit .
 I am part of a promotional program called BZZ Agent where we try products and then tell people about them . I love this product . It is amazing . It cleans my shower , it takes no time , and it smells DIVINE . I went out and bought a second one for my other shower . I will gladly give someone the $ 5 it takes to buy a refill to clean my shower . Everyone in my house thinks it is amazing too . I hate cleaning my bathroom and this has made my chore-time so much easier . I wish they made a huge one for my kitchen !
 Please do not take this stuff off the market . My shower is counting on you . If its not working for some people , they must not be using it correctly . I 've NEVER had to clean my shower since I began using this . Also consider things like not everyone 's water is quality . It depends on the extra crud that is in some households . Believe me , it DOES WORK !!! And it works well . I have n't had to clean my shower in the past 21/2 months!Sincerely , Quinn Herman
 I use it and I really like it . I use once a day , right after a shower . It is n't a miracle product , but it sure makes cleaning the shower MUCH easier .
 This is a fantastic , easy to take and digest , product that I would n't be without.My physician recommended this product . He said most Americans are magnesium deficient , due to their high intake of junk foods ; which depleats magensium from the body and causes to much acidity.This calcium , Potassium -LRB- without sodium or other salts -RRB- and magnesium mix does a good job on helping your body lean to the alkaline side and get the nutrients your body needs to function properly.The powdered calcium in this product absorbs more easily and gives support to the muscles and heart.I Just love it !
 My husband was told about this product from a friend , so we wanted to try it . It mixes well with water , does not have a bad taste , just a slight chalkiness to it , so i add a little more water to it and it is easy to take . We both had good results after taking for a while , both of us are aiming for ph balance .
 I have been using the Norelco 7775X for about a year and three months now and it is a great product . When it came time to get replacement blades I could not find them anywhere so I looked on Amazon and sure enough they had some . I think the price is good and they work in my razor perfectly . I would recommend them to anyone who needs them .
 Just buy this online . It 's almost impossible to find these replacement heads in regular stores like Target , etc. . . Makes a great shaver even better . If it 's been a year since you replaced your blades , or if you have no idea how long it 's been , try these.Also , forget about the Nivea gel packs that come with this shaver . Regular shaving cream works just fine .
 New blades for this razor and it 's like having a brand new razor for 1/4 of the cost . I had forgotten what a great shave this razor gave until I put these blades in ... I wo n't be waiting so long to change them out again .
 If you never get the blades wet or use gel or creams the blades will last 5yrs or more Ive had mine 10 yrs dry shave
 Great shaver , as allways you need to replace the blades every year or so to keep it cutting close .
 I have been using this product now for approx . 2-1/2 years . It gives the closest shave I ever got with an electric razor . I use the lotion provided in the cartridge on spots where my beard is rough -LRB- chin area -RRB- . It is somewhat heavier than your typical electric shaver , but the results are great . I highly reccomend this product.Ed
 The Norelco shaver head replacements I ordered are pretty standard . The review I have is for Amazon - amazing ! Can not find these replacements in ANY store - Amazon to the rescue !!!! Thanks
 Looked everywhere could n't find them except here on Amazon . It 's been a year since I bought my Cool Skin Shaver , so I ordered a new set .
 The replacement heads for the Norelco Razor makes for a great shave . I have n't used an electric razor in years , figuring you could not get a close shave . I was wrong . The Norelco shaver is awesome .
 I could not find the Shaver Heads in any store in my area so getting them from Amazon was a good choice . The heads work great and the order was shipped fast and recieved fast . Thank YouTom Rufner
 Being the razor is about 4 years old , buying replacement blades is n't easy at local stores , finding them at Amazon and at a cheaper price then other sites I checked was great . Tried a few other electric razors , but always go back to the old standby . Delivery was quick too , now my hubby has a nice smooth shave again.PS ... My hubby is disabled from a stroke , and I am the one who handles his shaves , nice that he does n't flinch from old worn out blades , and the razor is easy for me to handle .
 Good price for replacement heads . Hard to find these sometimes at department stores , let alone for a decent price .
 I truly like my Norelco cool shave razor and the HQ177 heads that make it work .
 Changing the blades yearly is like having a new shaver yearly . Very easy and not too expensive !
 It was over a year we had these blades in the shaver and they still worked well . We got this order so quick and they were just what we needed . Great shaver and great blades !
 What can you say about replacement razor blades ? They either work or they do n't . Well , these ones work just fine . They came packaged just as if I bought them in a store . No problems .
 If you own one of these shavers , then you need to replace with these every year . Buy the BEST , buy these , and shaver will stay like new !
 This was a very convenient and cost effective way to get the right size and model razor heads . There are so many different makes and models that to shop in a store is nearly always unsuccessful .
 It makes my old shaver perfect . I hate the new models of Norelco Shavers . They lack the power of the older ones .
 Received item on time and in the condition as advertised . These Norelco Cool Skin Replacement heads made my Norelco electric shaver perform just as it did the day that I purchased it . Excellent value . I would definitely recommend this product to a friend .
 recieved quick and easy pppppppppppppp pppppppppppp ppppppppp p p p p p p p p p p p p p p
 The blades are good quality and have a good life using it every day . I will purchase it every time when replacements are required .
 As long as I can continue to get replacement heads for the 7700 Series razor , I will use this razor . It 's great for a &#34; tough beard/soft skin face &#34; such as mine .
 These blades give a smooth shave . The blades on this razor should be changed regularly to avoid irritation . Good Price . Good Value .
 Norelco recommends annual replacement of these blades . The new blades make a huge difference . The performance of the razor was kike a new one !
 These replacement heads are always of quality and refurbish the razor to like new.You can only find these at amazon for some reason.You can tell right away what a difference the new heads make.The HQ177 heads give a clean smooth shave.These heads can be used on the SmartTouch models also.These heads are all slots which seem to give a smoother shave than the heads with slots and holes.As always , received quickly from Amazon with no hassle .
 Amazon is great . It is so easy to find items . I have looked in several towns to buy these replacements and simply typed it in Amazon and ordered it . It came as advertised , on time and in great condition . I would order from this vendor again and of course Amazon is always on my list when buying anything . No I do n't work for Amazon . Laugh .
 It seems no retail store in Massachusetts ever has the HQ177 in stock . Since its not the newest Norelco razor currently out there most stores do n't bother to stock it . Makes no sense since most men do n't buy new electric razors ever couple of years . They do last quite awhile and there is no need to update a razor frequently . You do need new heads and cutting blades depending on useage and thickness of your beard . I placed my order and got the HQ177 in 2 days . Great service .
 Ordered these and they came within 5 business days . Cheaper than in the stores -LRB- if you can even find them . -RRB- The original set that came with the shaver last about a year and a half , so hopefully Ill get about the same out of these ...
 Re
 I received the replacement blades for my Norelco shaver in very fast time . Although I , ordered 2 replacements by mistake , it was very easy to return the unwanted replacement .
 These blades cut well for around a year or so . I like this e razor
 I bought my 7700 series electric razor several years ago and do n't use it every day but I was noticing the shave was getting less close . Instead of buying a new razor , hundreds of dollars , I bought these heads which were a snap to change out and I feel like I have a brand new razor , man what a difference and Amazon is just about the only place you can find them . Do n't even look anywhere else , just order them here and by the end of the week you will feel like a new man or woman depending on what your shaving !
 These replacement blades work very well.I 've had a Norelco cool skin shaver for about three years and I 've just now got around to changing the blades mostly because I could n't find them anywhere.Don ' t even try to find HQ177 replacements at traditional retail outlets such as Wal-Mart or Target because you wo n't find them there.Just order them here .
 Exact replacement for my Norelco razor , but somehow I do not feel the same smoothness of my shave as the blades that came originally with the razor.On a scale of 1-10 the replacement blades were 8 in comparison.Don ' t know if there is a manufacturing lot difference betweem OEM and replacement spares . Otherwise good value for money though I must say they are expensive , but this is how manufacturers make money ... . make the product lower cost them make the money on the spares to keep it going .
 Would have been nice to receive these in a box not just a mailing envelope , I had to create another box just so I could store them in the medicine cabinet .
 These are great for my climbing trips . Perfect size and they fit in my first aid kit nicely . Did n't have any issues with delivery . On time . As expected.A note for the business owner distributing these . HIRE A WRITER ! Your marketing material was painful to read . -LRB- Would n't stop me from purchasing from you again because the product speaks for itself and had nothing to do with your service . Service was spot on . -RRB-
 Bought these for work after seeing one too many people take the bottle , shake out several pills , take the two they wanted and then put the rest back in the bottle - ew!These packs are easy to grab and go and more sanitary .
 This is a best product that I have bought . It does the job just like it was described . I use it everyday . The job is done in half the time .
 This item was so perfect for my wedding welcome bags . I even had some leftover to carry in my purse with me .
 Bought these to use in emergency kits . Great price , very convenient having them packaged in pairs . Also would be convenient for keeping in your purse , car , office , or briefcase .
 We used these in our get well volunteer packs at church , and have been super handy for staff to grab during the preschool day for headaches and backaches . We love Advil !
 Ordered these for rehearsal dinner favor bags - they were used on Friday night . Everyone was on time to the wedding and no hangovers !!
 Ordered the economy box of advil for guests bags for our daughters wedding . No sooner ordered and Amazon delivered !! Super fast service !!! Advil and Amazon and took care of one planning headache !
 After replacing my son 's twin mattress several times over the past three years I finally gave up on fancier mattress pads and went with this simple solution . He wets the bed several times a week and though the fifty dollar mattress cover suggested by the mattress store was comfortable it was n't protecting the mattress and as a result there was a continual smell in his room . And after many , many launderings the fancy mattress cover grew increasingly porous and began to shred . This cover is completely waterproof , amply cut , and sponges clean . It is slightly more crumply or crinkly than a higher tech model but it 's not at all uncomfortable and it gets the job done ! Very happy with it ; sometimes simpler is better .
 I had issues with a cat that liked to pee on things randomly so to save my mattresses I used these - worked wonders !
 My allergist suggested that I cover my new mattress with plastic to cut down on allergens and I was n't happy - did n't want to hear `` crinkle crinkle '' every time I moved -LRB- or feel like a 5-year-old with a nighttime problem -RRB- . This cover is vinyl and I can roll across the bed never hear it . Also as long as you have a mattress pad on top of it it does n't make you hot while you sleep . I highly recommend it , especially if you have allergies .
 This is the best mattres cover ever . It 's not hot to sleep on and protects the mattress as required .
 Works great . Easy to wipe down . NOT STINKY -LRB- like plastic-stinky -RRB- . Also like how easy it comes off -LRB- opposed to the ones that zip on and are a pain to take off -RRB-
 We 're still working on nighttime training for our toddler , and this mattress cover has been so helpful ! Now when there 's an accident , we can just peel off the sheets and do a quick wipe up , then put down new sheets and get our little one back to bed before he 's really fully awake . Plus , we 're not ruining the mattress any more . Wonderful !
 The mattress pad is just what I was looking for to protect my elderly father 's new bed . We received it in a very timely manner . Kudos !
 We have this on a toddlers bed and it does the trick . We have only had a few occasions that tested it , but it did what it was supposed to .
 We went through about 5 of the cheaper versions from Walmart and other stores , all of them ripping - sometimes when first installed on the mattress ! This one was a lot more expensive , but it is well worth it . Fits great , sturdy , and of course , waterproof .
 fits well , well madethis is a quality item that I would purchase again.It is heavyweight and well worth the price
 It was prefect to protect a bed from a older cats problems . It is not noisy and it does not bother the cat .
 This is very affordable and certainly keeps the mattress dry . It 's a little loud , but not loud enough to wake up our baby in the same room .
 It is what it is , as long as you expect something which looks , smells , and feels like a soft white shower curtain pillow case with a envelope style close . If you need -LRB- close -- envelope closes are not water tight -RRB- to absolute water protection , this is probably what you need . If you do n't need something quite so ... dramatic ... you should look elsewhere .
 My personal physician recommended it and I bought at goo.gl / wa7AI , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! I was told the enormous benifit of Oregano
 Stays in place as advertised . Good for people who need a lot of lubrication , as its viscosity allows it to stay in as opposed to leak out and leave you dry . Works well in combination with Astroglide ... Yeah , quite the cocktail , but works great for all of you tiny ladies with big men : - -RRB-
 This is the top of the line , and I really would n't consider using any other product . Both Maximus and Liquid Silk are both fantastic and I am a lifelong devotee after having used it for the last 3 years .
 I bought this pen after trying out several much more expensive pens , including the Visconti lava pen and a couple of Mont Blancs . It has an 18k gold nib , which typically means little flexibility , but this nib is actually moderately flexible -LRB- I bought the Fine nib -RRB- . The pen writes VERY smoothly , and took no getting used to at all . The pen comes with a converter if you want to fill from a bottle , but also takes cartridges . All-in-all , I think this is a great pen for the money .
 In this price range you would be hard pressed to find a pen costing hundreds more that writes better . It 's a beautiful pen and as with all Waterman pens I have yet to own one that had to be returned due to scratching . I own both the black and Ivory and have to tell you everyone falls in love with the Ivory , it 's different , it 's color is unique and the gold appointments puts it in a class of its own . I still long for the day I can bring myself to purchase the Montblanc Le Grand 149 for $ 700 . LOL , that 's a lot of money for a pen.As with any fountain pen it 's important to note the longer you write with it the better it performs as the point conforms to your writing technique and remember it 's not a good idea to let another use your pen . I 've always believed nothing writes as well as a fountain pen and it 's a shame we 're not permitted at work to use them for legal signatures . Dohhh ! If the cartridge that draws the ink should go , simply wrap the threads with plumbers silicone tape and fill the entire barrel up with ink . That worked great with an older Japanese fountain pen , refilling is rare , LOL.Ricky
 This is one of the best pens for the money . It write as good as a Montblanc at less than half of it 's price . A winner .
 A wheelchair cushion is a must have , if you have to spend much time in the chair!This one should fill the bill , at a moderate price level.Time will tell on durability .
 I purchased this for my son who will be in a wheelchair for a couple of months due to surgery . This pad has worked out very well . It was much less expensive than in the home medical stores in my area .
 If you 've never tried a latex seat cushion , then you do n't know what you 're missing . They are definitely far and away more comfortable than a standard seat cushion . They distribute your weight evenly , cradle you in all the right places , and mold perfectly to each individual person , yet always spring back to their original shape . They have a bunch of little holes that go through the latex itself to help circulate air and to keep your fanny cool . If you 've ever tried that crappy memory foam , you 'll know it does n't breathe one iota and makes you sweat in cracks where you DO N'T want sweat . The outer covering feels nice and smooth , and does n't attract debris or particles . If you 're allergic to latex , like I am , worry not , the covering should keep most people protected and free from reactions . The only gripe I have , is I 'd rather it was 20 '' by 20 '' , instead of 16 '' by 20 '' . Other than that , I 'm really happy with these and I bought 2 of them ; 1 for my wheelchair and 1 for my favorite chair at home . They really are very comfortable and help with a bad back .
 Item does the job of making the hours spent in the chair more comfortable.The cost is a little high , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I first saw this product at a `` Green fair . '' It does a very good job cleaning floors , including spills and scuff marks -LRB- when paired with the Bona microfiber cleaning cloth.BonaKemi AX0003005 Microfiber Floor Cleaning Cloth , Twin Pack -RRB- . It also drys fairly quickly and does not have the harsh smell that other cleaners have . The only drawback is the need to spray either the floor or the mop head repeatedly as you go through the room . I believe Bona remedied this issue with their new product line .
 This product is a superior floor cleaner . I would never use anything else . I have used all kinds of other cleaners but nothing compares to this .
 I 've used the Bona hardwood cleaner successfully so I decided to try this product on our Pergo kitchen floor . It works as well as anything else I 've tried , acceptably but does n't make the floor sparkle . I think this is a Pergo characteristic and not a problem with the Bona.In the bathrooms Bona makes the tile floors sparkle . I even tried it on the toilet tank and Bona makes the porcelain as reflective as glass . I 'll certainly buy this product again once the bottle is empty .
 Someone recommended this product to me - it keeps my floors cleaner longer and less smudges , which were always an issue for us -LRB- esp . with our kiddos -RRB- . I love this product !
 This product cleans my laminate floors very well and the floors dry quickly to a very nice shine . I would definately recommend .
 Three years ago , we re-floored the entire house . We put in wood floors in the living room , bed rooms and hall ways and polished limestone in the kitchen and dining rooms . Rough stonework went into the bathrooms . When the flooring was finished , the installer advised us that special cleaners were needed for these kinds of special floors.Bona Hard Surface Floor Cleaner was advised for the polished limestone floors and we 've used it ever since . We 've also used it on our polished marble counter tops in the kitchen . I suppose it could be used on many other hard polished surfaces . In any case , we 've been quite satisfied with this product . We always take care to see that the floor has been swept or vacuumed first , then we use a flat mop . Bona is sprayed on the floor and then scrubbed with the mop and allowed to dry . It 's done quite a nice job and I 've learned to us it on the kitchen stove and a number of other places as well . It can be a little hard to find in stores is the only problem , but that 's no problem here.Gary Peterson
 This is a great product for cleaning laminate floors . Since it is environmentally safe I do n't worry about my grandson being on it . It cleans very well and lasts a long time as you do n't have to use much . The price was very reasonsable . Better than any I found locally . Will definitely order this again .
 I always buy this product for my floors . Company is very reliable , fast shipping , excellent communication .
 I highly recommend this product . I have used the same for many years on my laminate flooring and it doesa great job . Cleans and puts a shine on the floor . Easy to use . I just spray and clean with the pad andfinished . I started with this cleaner when I purchased my flooring 12 years ago and will continue to use .
 It took quite a while to find a cleaner I could safely use on my wood laminate floor.I am pleased with Bona for the most part and like that it is gentle and safe for pets . I wish it had just a bit more muscle for spots , but if you clean 2 x in that area it will take up the spot on the second try.I order it from Amazon & have found it to the best price anywhere .
 This is nice blush but they are really small . I was surprised by that . They are probably 2.5 centimeters in diameter . Not sure it will last that long but we will see . Also did not like that they do n't come in a container so I am storing mine in the box it came in . A little strange .
 The colors work great for me and the texture is nice . Nice product . Would buy again . Its great that the amount is small to make sure color is right .
 Seems impossible that a liquid behind the ears would stop motion sickness but it really works . I learned about it from my brother who used it when on a sail boat in the Atlantic . It worked for him and works well for me too . Take offs and landings sometimes gave me motion sickness -- no more ! Good stuff .
 I originally bought this to take with us on a cruise . I ended up using it before I even printed out the tickets . I mowed the lawn and forgot my sunscreen and ended up with mild symptoms of Sun Poisoning . I put a dot of oil behind each ear , and a few mins later I was n't dizzy anymore . I only had to apply it once , and was able to get back to life and deal with my bad sunburn .
 Me and my husband bought this stuff for my 3 yr old . She gets motion sick in the car just trying to get from home to her doctors office . Knowing this we were very fearful of a 13 hour car drive to NY . This stuff smells absolutely horrible but I am writing about the effectiveness of it not the smell . In the 26 hour car drive , 13 hours one way , my daughter got sick twice . Once going up and once coming back . Both times I think it was actually mine and my husbands fault . We thought of it as regular medicine and applied every four hours or so . It says use as needed but my daughter did n't give us much warning . When we applied it at every restroom stop it worked much better . She was much more cheerful . I would use this again for her because I do n't want to give her pills . If you are worried about the smell use in a well ventilated area and apply with q tips . Otherwise hold your breath and wash your hands after applying .
 I am responsible for the operation of an eco tour dolphin watch boat , HOKU NAI'A , off the Waianae Coast of Oahu in Hawaii . My trip manager will not leave the pier without MotionEaze . He uses it to help passengers who feel a bit queezy once we are out at sea looking for the dolphins . Its ' the only product that we have ever found , in thirty years of doing this , that works after people already feel queezy . Most other products are just one more foreign object in their tummy by that time , but this one is applied externally and so does n't have that problem , and it is effective for about 90 % of the people we apply it to . Please do keep this product available for us.Thanks .
 I read as many reviews as I could about this product before I purchased it . MotionEaze claimed to be all natural with no side effects.I bought 2 bottles just in case . I barely needed one . Several people on our cruise , who were experiencing motion sickness used this product , and found it to work very well.I used it on the plane , ship , and our excursions . I never experienced motion sickness once . The smell is a bit strong , but other than that , it works like a charm !
 I was n't sure if I could find anything to help my vertigo , but this really works ! Thank you !
 I purchased this to take with on my first cruise . We did hit pretty rocky seas a couple of nights and I was n't a bit sick . I also used it during the day when we were driving thru some very curvy , up & down roads and my trip in the back seat did n't give me any motion sickness.It smells pleasant and seems to really work .
 My husband rarely gets motion sickness and I always do - car , air , sea - all of it ! Motion Eaze has allowed us to both enjoy over 10 years of traveling and bare boat sailing . I 've tried it all - wrist bands , ginger , dramamine , bonine . Motion Eaze is by far the best ! Wonderful to have a natural product that works ! I would n't leave port without it !
 My son has mild motion sickness . He applies when we go to a theme parks , on airplane and boat rides . When we visited Germany , he also applied it behind his ear to tolerate the train motion . Great product that goes on topically . Moms like that - unlike Dramamin . I would recommend it to all who have motion sickness . It does have a herbal smell to it , but we find it pleasing .
 I purchased this to take along on a cruise . It is an oil to be rubbed behind the ear . It 's perfect to take along and tuck into a purse or pocket especially if you do n't want to take a pill . I like homeopathic cures better .
 I went on a cruise recently and I am subject to sea sickness . I put this on whenever I was feeling a bit sick . However , it was hard to tell if I was feeling better because the boat stopped rocking as much , or because of the Motioneaze . But who cares , I felt better . I would say that the bottle is pretty small , so if you use it a lot it will run out fast .
 I have NEVER used ANYTHING that has been as effective as this ! And I have used EVERYTHING on the market , some better than others . But this product worked for me , car , plane AND boat .
 Motion Ease absolutely delivers on what it promises . We cruised the Florida Keys and Mexico with no problems at all . I used it from the minute I stepped on board the ship , but my husband who was only feeling a bit queasy one day , put it on and in less than 5 minutes was feeling 100 % OK . I would highly recommend this product especially because it 's safe for all ages and since it 's not ingested , you do n't have to worry about interactions with other medications .
 This product is fantastic ! My wife is extremely sensitive to motion . We are able to take cruises thanks to Motion Eaze . I have seen her turn from ` green ' to clear eyed in 60 seconds !
 Motion Eaze is great when on a cruise or flying in a plane . We just use Motion Eaze and do n't have to worry about getting sea sick or air sick . Try it . It will work for you too . The best stuff we have ever used . Thank you for this wonderful product .
 I tried this on my 17 month old daughter who gets carsick even with short trips . The good was that she did n't throw up , but she was still was not comfortable and was complaining during the whole car ride . After a short stop , she was reluctant to get back in the car.Edit
 I was looking for a non-drowsy answer to carsickness and something I could put on during the ride if I needed to , and this was a good answer . I 've shared it with others who have liked it so much that they asked me to get them some .
 I used this product recently for the first time , during an offshore fishing trip . Admittedly I used it in conjunction with Bonine , but the effects were almost immediate , I had started to feel queasy in moderate to calm seas about 3 hours into the trolling expedition . I was able to eat , drink and fish as normal.I had no issues with the odour , which is a bit loud but not all that bad . It 's very easy to apply and does what it promises .
 Both my wife and I have experienced sea sickness in the past . My wife was very very sick a few cruises ago and that makes for an very unpleasant trip for everyone . This product along with some other homeopathic help kept both of us feeling well . We were at sea a day longer than scheduled because of a hurricane yet we remained well .
 I handled the curvy roads to Lake Tahoe and now I 'm passing a kidney stone , What a woman . Thanks Motioneaze .
 Out of the crunchers line BBQ was my fave . They tasted like you were eating a real chip and were spicy to boot . Wish I could find them back on the market . . shame they dont sell them anymore . Also wish i had known earlier that Amazon sold these . . would have saved $ $ instead of buying from the stores .
 ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS !!! I could n't resist painting my dragon . He looks great in the foyer when he 's not out walking with me .
 This is really cool . Very good carving . My wish is that it came painted like the second picture shown . But that was apparently done by the consumer . I sometimes stand in front of a mirror wielding it and yell something like `` I SUMMON DEMONS '' or `` SMITE MY ENEMIES '' . I guess I play to many RPGs.I have 2 minor complaints . First there is a definite line showing that the head and shaft where carved from different pieces of wood . Second , if you NEED a cane for walking comfort , the head has rough , kinda sharp edges that can be uncomfortable to the hand if you need to put weight on it . However , the description states that it is not for `` medical use '' , so it 's really designed to be a set piece .
 I originally bought this at a health food store , being very skeptical . I was looking for a product in addition to my prenatal vitamins . I wanted to get more fruits and veggie nutrients for my future baby , and this stuff works great ! I prefer drinking the green powder with organic apple juice . Orange juice is n't the best combo for my taste buds :-RRB- The taste is grassy , but I 'll deal with that . Health -LRB- to me and baby -RRB- is more important than a few sips of a less-than-delectable green drink . I , also , love the fact that I am getting probiotics ; my husband loves that fact , too ! I would take the adult version , but I was told by a doctor that it may not be good for the expecting baby -LRB- since it has ginko biloba extract in it -RRB- ... the GV Junior does not have this ingredient in it . Overall , I 'm very pleased with this product and I have not had a cold , flu , or any other illness since I have been taking this -LRB- about 2 months now -RRB- . Woohoo !!! I highly recommend this product !
 I initially bought this for my six year old daughter to get more vitamins into her diet - but she found out this was a kind of ` medicine ' and she is absolutely against it . I did n't want to take it back , so I 've been taking a spoonful in rice milk before bed and WOWZA ... . my sinuses have never felt so clear before bed ! How weird is that , I know , but seriously , I refuse to go to bed at night without taking a drink of this awesome stuff . I wake up less groggy , my sinuses are cleared the night before . I do n't want to be without it . HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 My 97-year-old Mom has always been independent and is really mad that she 's `` getting old '' and losing her independence . Everyone thought she 'd resent getting the Rollator as a Christmas gift , but she loves it ! Especially happy about being able to sit when she needs a rest . The trickiest part is getting her to remember to set the brakes when she sits down or stands up ... I worry that it 'll shoot out from under her . It was easy to put together . Rolls smoothly and is very maneuverable .
 totally excellent . Grandpa is off and wheeling . Had to add some books to the basket to weigh it down a little or it might tip . Then he got used to it .
 This Walker-Rollator is a dream come true ! I was STUCK in a wheelchair till I found my savior in the form of this Walker-Rollator . I can walk ... but slowly and anyone who took me anywhere for appointments , to shop , to eat out , etc. would always insist on the wheelchair -- NOW I 'M in the drivers ' seat ! It gives me many more options for mobility . The wheels are larger than a wheelchair so it moves better in grass . I can stand in one spot and move the Walker-Rollator but the wheelchair could n't do that . If I get tired or out of breath all I have to do is turn around and sit down . If you are considering this Walker-Rollator for yourself or a family member who CAN and wants to walk more -- buy it now ! The price was excellent and quality is even BETTER than I hoped.Do I sound happy ? I 'm ecstatic ! Move over boredom and being trapped ... HELLO WORLD !
 This is an excellent product . But what makes it stand out , is that it is easy for seniors to use . Closing the walker is easy for a senior , with limited mobility , to accomplish independently .
 I bought this Rollator for my brother who has had a mild stroke and has trouble with his balance and stamina . The item was easy to assemble and is very sturdy . It took only 5 to 10 minutes to assemble . It was just a matter of putting the bars in the slots and tightening a couple of bolts . I would highly recommend this product . I saw one at a local medical supply store that was twice the price . I received the package 2 days after placing my order . Great item and great service !
 For your Rollator reference , I just put together the very similar Medline Elite Rolling Walker also 250 # rated -LRB- from that big box store , cc , at a somewhat higher price -RRB- . Unfortunately , during assembly , I had to drill out the set of adjustment holes in one of the front legs that allow the triangular screw tightener to slip through . Why the holes were a fraction of an inch smaller on this one leg than the others is crazy , and I wanted to forewarn on this one quality slip up . Hope that does not happen to this Medline Rollator that is so similar . The Elite has two nylon bags , one under the seat and one strap-able to the front ; both can be removed if not needed . The Elite does not have the metal basket like this one , nor the extra brace under that basket . The Elite seat seems thicker than this one ; additionally , it comes with a cane holder and cup holder to attach to the side frames , but positioning them to avoid difficulty in collapsing the walker is to be considered . To fully collapse the walker the bag under the seat has to be partially unclipped . It is interesting that the width to sit down between the legs is only 15 '' at the plastic brake wrist supports -LRB- I can not tell if the Rollator has the same shape -RRB- and 17 '' at the seat area ... that might be a bit tight for some with wider hips . I am a fairly skinny 155 # , 6ft tall guy , and noticed the fairly narrow seating area . But my 80 + mother is only 5ft tall and 120 # , so hopefully she will fit OK . Overall , the Medline Elite seems like a good unit for the price , and the Rollator is very similar . Lightweight yet fairly sturdy , lots of storage options . Hope this review is helpful during your consideration of the product .
 This product was exactly what I ordered and worked just like it was supposed to . It balances my digestive system like it should .
 My dentist recommended that I alternate using these and dental floss . I have larger spaces between my teeth , and these do a great job of cleaning my gums and teeth . I love the small case for using when I travel .
 These are the best I 've used . I have implants and these are very effective in gently removing food particles . The soft textured material is easy on the gums , and gently massages the gums as you use them . My hygenist even asked me what I use to keep my gums so healthy .
 The product was exactly as described , well-packed , and in excellent condition . I would order from them again since the service was so good . I have used the product for quite a while and was glad to find an easier and less expensive way to buy it .
 These have helped me avoid pariadontal work . They brought the gum line up extremely well after having braces . I use these and floss once a day , and now get excellent dental check-ups .
 I have been using these G-U-M Soft Picks for about 6 months now . They feel really good against the gums , not as abrasive and hurtful as some other picks out there . I 've tried many others including Stim-U-Dent and the ever popular Doctor 's Brush Picks which are also available on Amazon . I found those to be very stiff and hard against my gums and they felt like you could literally do some damage if used incorrectly . These by comparison feel better , but also seem to do the job better as well . I have both small tight gaps as well as larger gaps between my teeth . These work well in all of them . I particularly like the way they work in-between the back molars . I sometimes will floss and then use the soft pick and am still able to get out other small particles of food . I find that you will need two of them to finish the job in the mouth . One for the upper teeth and one for the lower teeth . What happens is that sometimes when you are using them in the back molars , the tip will bend and once that happens it is hard to use it anymore , so I always start with the front teeth and then move towards the back . I 've noticed that because these actually have tiny little rubber brushes on them , that my gums feel squeaky clean after using them , much cleaner than if I 'd just used floss . As they say , the proof is in the pudding
 The product is great . Just what I expect . The service was so-so . The first shipment was not complete . I had to contact the vendor to get them to send the rest of the items ordered . They responded and shipped the rest of the items .
 These are the easiest to use between the teeth cleaners I know . They do n't do damage to the gum tissue and they are quick to use .
 My hygenist recommended these for a couple of weird spots in my mouth that are difficult to keep clean with floss . I really like these little things . They 're perfect for dislodging debris in those areas which are too wide for floss to efficiently clean.We 'll see how well this review holds up after my next hygiene appointment in several months .
 Excellent product that makes your gums happy . Happy gums mean happy breath . I was thankful to by these in bulk .
 Squish and stuff , reuseable , cheap , and they work.The cord that ties the two plugs together is made of very thin fibers that seem to catch on coarse fabric easily . If wearing any chest armor with velcro -LRB- like we use in Afghanistan -RRB- the cord will snag on the velcro - a plus , or a minus , depending.I used these in Afghanistan , mostly while travelling from one base to another in helicopters . They also muted out the ever-present drone of diesel generators and tent-mates at night .
 Excellent ear plugs . I particularly like the light and non-intrusive woven cord . They perform well in work environments but also work well when used while sleeping in noisy a hotel after work .
 I use these ear plugs whenever I work in my yard with gas powered equipment . They are perfect for blocking out the noise of small gas engines like found on mowers . I can usually open a pack and have it last for a few months worth before I need to replace them . I have also used them when visiting the gun range and found that they work well . I recommend these ear plugs as a good and reasonably cheap solution for noise reduction .
 I 've been using this product for several years now and I love it . With the 2-step process it covers my gray very well and makes new growth less obvious . As with all henna haircolors , it does take a little more work , but it 's well worth it in the end . My scalp loves me for it as there is absolutely no irritation from the henna . And , since I began using this product , my hair feels healthier and appears shinier .
 I have used this product and had excellent results . My scalp was happier , and the color -LRB- auburn -RRB- was vibrant and natural . Preparation and application do take some time ; however , I 've also found that there is a generous amount in the box ; I was able to divide the amount in half , and get two applications from one box - and I have fairly long hair , often I run a bit short if I 'm used a conventional haircolor such as L'Oreal or Clairol . For my health , and the health of my hair , I will continue to use this product .
 You have to be patient with the sloppy process , but it 's a great product otherwise . Great plus - NO roots , just fades out gradually ...
 I purchased this for a friend . She liked the way it worked , which is great for a natural hair coloring product . I use the chemical stuff , so maybe I 'll give this brand a try next time .
 You remove the inner packet , toss it in the microwave , then put it back into the booties . When the inner packets come out of the microwave , they 're hot and moist and can be a little tricky to put back inside the booties . These smell like lavender and clove , which may be offensive to some , but I dont mind it.The booties are comfy and they do keep your feet warm . I just wish they had warming packets on the sides and top as well as the bottom . The bottoms of my feet get toasty , but the top parts sometimes stay cool . I wish the heat were all around , but for the price , these work .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter who lives in a freezing cold apartment . She reports that the ankle booties really work and keep her feet warm and toasty .
 They are wonderful . Only drawback is that when you put the packs back into the bottom of the boots it a bit tricky , but this is certainly not a drawback .
 I purchased these slippers as a Hanukkah gift for my 90 year old aunt , my best friend . She has arthritis pretty bad , and lives in MD , where it can be very cold in the Winter.I wanted to get her something different , alittle something to make her feel pampered . She loves these , and after what she told me , I purchased a pair for myself , in a different color , since when I went to order this they were out of this color.I too like these , even tho I do n't have arthritis , at least not in my feet , but they made my feet feel warm , and did make them feel better . I like that they are adjustable . Everyone could use a little extra pampering , could n't they ?!
 i love everything from the happy company . especially the name . we are slowly growing our collection of microwaveable products this winter . and i have been giving them as gifts.a tiny downside , and maybe i 'm doing it wrong , is that you have to touch the hot packet to put it in the booties . i have to find out if i can put the whole bootie in the micro-would be easier.highly recommended !
 I did not use them , they are a Christmas gift.Idid ck them out and I think there great.I did shop around for price , and Amazon was the winner.tom
 The gel is much thicker than the liquid , so it takes some getting used to , but as a Slippery Stuff convert many years ago , to my mind , it 's the best product of its kind on the market .
 This is so much better than other lubricants . Others react almost like an allergen and this one does n't . Best stuff on the market . I wish all the Dr 's offices knew about this product and would use it instead of KY. . I recommend this to anyone with allergies or sensitive skin .
 Everyone loves the smell of this stuff ! In fact , most people are surprised when I tell them its old spice . They think its some expensive 70 bucks a bottle cologne . Absolutely love this stuff !
 the smell is perfect love it I read reviews before the purchase and they were right better than Ax can not go wrong with a brand that has been around forever
 This spray smells nice and manly - it seems that the smell sticks better to hair and clothes than on skin . I happened to like the older version of old spice Aual reef better because that smell would stay on my clothes even after washing
 Well as far as deodorant goes this is the best . Lasts all day , has a great scent and the women love it ... ;-RRB- It is nice to save some money when you buy more than one at time too .
 I only bought it online for more because I could n't find this one in stores.Bit over priced , Its the true old spice . Know what your buying . .
 For some reason , stores sell every old spice spray deodorant except this one it seems . This stuff is cheap , and gets me buttloads of chicks .
 If you life sport and dont know what to buy for deodorant , this is the product for , i try this product when they first came out , and i still use it , well not the same bottle , lol it ran out long time ago , haha.I used axe before , but if you apply it on before the game , after the game it dont cover the sweat smell , so you have to apply it again , but red zone , it cover the smell . so pick your deodorant .
 I received it On-time as it was described . It 's perfect match with my watch . I recommend this battery . . ?
 Arrived on time and easy to use . Would purchase again . The local vet office uses this as well , so I know I 'm getting a good product .
 This is probably a life-time supply of gel for your ultrasound device ! Great price and works as advertised .
 Picked these suckers up at Babies R Us . Tasty , but pricy.There are seven flavors . Lemon , orange and raspberry are all sour . The zip really wakes up the senses and eases the tummy . And they 're delish . They also reminded me to drink more lemonade -LRB- which was also helpful -RRB- and eat more oranges -LRB- again , helpful -RRB- . In fact , sniffing orange peels is pretty appealing these days too.As for the minty variety , the peppermint and spearment are mild but effective . I found mint drops to be essential during my first pregnancy , so I am enjoying these.As for lavender and ginger , well , the lavender tastes better than it sounds . Your tongue tastes the sweet , and your nose breaths out the flowery scent . I much prefer spraying lavender aromatherapy spray on my hand and taking a wiff . Just as effective of chasing away nausea -LRB- at least temporarily -RRB- without the funky taste . It 's not horrible ; I 'm just sitting here sucking it wishing it were peppermint.The verdict is n't out for the ginger yet . I do n't particularly care for ginger , so I 'm guessing I 'll either tolerate or hate this flavor . I certainly wish you could purchase sour-only or minty-only . I 'd drop lavender and ginger in a heartbeat.These pops have certainly generated pricesless ideas for easing morning sickness . They 're great to have on hand , but the roof of your mouth can only handle so much sugar before it goes raw , so get creative with the flavors in other avenues . But definately give these suckers a try.P.S . Preggy pops come in sour only , so I 'm gon na try those next .
 A friend suggested this for heartburn and they work great ! I will finally be able to get some sleep at night and not keep my husband up ! : -RRB-
 The saleswoman at the maternity store recommended these for my all day long morning sickness and they really do work ! I only buy the sour ones because I like the taste of them . As with anything else , they are n't going to work for everyone , but they are definitely worth a shot . I gave some to my uncle , who is sick from chemo and they are helping him as well .
 so I got these with the drops . for me the drops were too sour and they irritated my mouth allot . I can live without the ginger flavor but i do n't like ginger to begin with . The lavander was n't as bad as I thought it would be and am wishing I had one now -LRB- but I am out here to order more -RRB- I took away a star mainly because I wish more came in a pack ...
 I like the pops not as nice as the drops ! They do work , flavors are good but the ginger is questionable !! I would buy again .
 Son 's fiance is having a terrible time with morning sickness so I purchased these for her . The assorted flavors pack is great for 1st time user . She is very happy to have them .
 This is seriously the only thing that 's worked for my daughter . She has been sick almost every day for 3 months , with no relief . I tried essential oils -LRB- many of them ! -RRB- , her doctor tried medicines -LRB- worked for a little bit , but was n't lasting -RRB- , we tried so many things with her . I happened upon the ad for these while looking for something else so I bought a box . They work ! She hates the ginger , so I wish , too , that we could buy just the flavors we want , but she 's lost weight and is dehydrated so I 'll buy them . We even tried the Preggie Drops because they were cheaper . They are super delish but are n't working at all . So , here I am , buying 3 more boxes of preggie pops . They are rather expensive , but since it 's the only thing she can use that enables her to keep food and water down , then I have to have them . I 'm glad they are made in the USA , though . That 's a big bonus . Hopefully her sickness subsides soon , or I 'll have to get a part-time job to be able to afford this ! They are n't just a luxury for us ... it 's necessity .
 this solves all naseau problem . Was sick for the first 17 weeks of my pregnancy and these thinks are lifesavers .
 My currently pregnant wife , who is suffering quite badly with `` morning sickness '' , has received much help from these pops . They actually seem to be effective , though I 've no idea how!Only reason I 'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because she is thoroughly displeased with some of the flavors.I just ordered more for her , but with specific flavors .
 I had the most difficult pregnancy and these lollipops where really helpful to my morning , afternoon and night sickness , , , , ,
 These bars are awesome ! They taste like they would be very naughty , but I do n't worry when I have one once in a while and the mint flavor really hits the spot .
 These do not taste like they are low carb and they are very good ! I would recommend them to anyone that is that is watching their carb intake .
 I use this at my desk and in a lounge chair for watcing TV.It gives me the support I need and helps relieve any back pain and spasms I may be having .
 I have had nothing but compliments on this bracelet . Not only does it look great with everything I wear , but in less than two weeks I was feeling relief from the ache and stiffness in my right hand .
 Its a must buy for all , who are suffering from dry foot.It shows result with in 2 days .
 Even though the packaging is different there is a slight difference in the vehicle of the produce . I can use the procdut and I like how it makes my feet feel especially right after a shower .
 I 've used this for many years and it is very effective in moisturizing my feet . I even bring it when I travel to make sure I do n't miss a night . My only issue with this vendor is that the photo shows a white tube which made me think it was the old formula . What they actually deliver is the maroon tube that is the newer formula . Both are effective but I have a personal preference for the old formula .
 Love this cream ! My feet feel and look like a baby 's do . So soft ! Do n't hesitate to purchase this . Wearing socks with the foot cream gives added protection .
 My doctor recommended this product for cracked heels . It works great and I got a good price on it at Amazon .
 Excellent , fixed the dry rough feet problem of a family member , the heels had dry skin , and this product corrected it .
 This is an amazing product from anyone trying to cure dry , cracking , peeling skin on their feet . You will see and feel an improvement almost immediately . Great for other problem areas too , like elbows . Looked for a replacement tube in all my local drugstores and could n't find it anywhere . So pleased I was able to find it on Amazon . Price was the same and delivery was quick .
 No matter how dry and cracked your feet or elbows are , Neutrogena 's Norwegian foot cream will help immediately . This is an amazing product . Keep using it and skin stays soft and smooth . Highly recommend .
 I hope I will be able to find this product continually -- when I do n't use it after every bath or shower , my heels start to crack . I do n't know how a product can be so effective but I 'm grateful it works so well . I 've also used Neutrogena Hand Cream since I was a kid .
 This stuff is amazing ! I have incredibly sensitive and dry skin and I 've been using this product since I was a child .
 Use this foot cream daily and at night , and feet stay baby soft ! I do n't know why Neutrogena stopped making the cracked heel lotion and their severely cracked heel lotion . I would give those A + and the current foot cream anA - . Still , it 's better than any other brands of foot lotions or creams that are available .
 I am an asthmatic living in the desert - the doctors -LRB- and I 've been to several -RRB- tell me this combination often results in dry feet like mine - my feet can crack enough without treatment to bleed . I 've tried scores of products over the decades . My first success was with a mail order product -LRB- Miracle Foot Repair , still available -RRB- until they reduced the Aloe content by a third . Then , Eucerin worked well enough until they added water to make it creamier . The last doctor prescribed -LRB- previous prescriptions had n't worked -RRB- a $ 50 Gordon Labs exfoliating cream that worked similarly . BUT , this Norwegian foot cream works just as well -LRB- I had n't put enough on at first - it must still be a little wet when you 're done rubbing in on ... and so , I put socks on to keep from sliding all over the floor -RRB- . I was buying this product at a rate of eight tubes a year for a savings of over $ 300 a year compared to the prescription cream -LRB- not counting the doctor 's fees -RRB- . UPDATE
 I put this on chronically dry and irritated patches of skin on my face by mistake a few months ago . Within 30 minutes the irritation was gone . Within 24 hours the dryness was gone . Within 3 days the skin was soft and clear . I have used this on my face every day since then and the acids in it have worked better on fine lines/wrinkles than the very expensive products I usually use .
 I have used this product fopr years , have tried others , but always come back to this one . The price was very good /
 if you have trouble with dried and cracked heels this is the product for you . use it and you will look and feel smoother with less of those white crack lines and it helps ease the time it takes for the cracks to heal
 I love Neutrogena products !! This is a great product for those itchy dry and cracked feet , especially during the winter . Put on some of this lotion and cover with a pair of sock right before going to bed . In the morning your feet will feel amazingly smooth !!
 This is a product that really does what it advertises it will . Have used for years and it is still a great softening product .
 i love the scent -LRB- which is not too strong -RRB- of this foot cream and more importantly the feel of it . it feels thick but definitely not cloying or too thick . it 's easily rubbed in , NOT greasy , and it feels great . i also use it on rough spots on my knees , and anywhere else my skin is really dry . a little bit of the cream goes a long way , so this 2 ounces will last a while .
 Since winter has arrived in the Midwest , I am now using the cream again . It really helps.It was my husband who suggested it as he had been using it for years .
 I think Neutrogena Norwegian Formula Foot Cream is the best ever ! If I stop using it , my heels crack and cause me great pain , but if I use it , my heels are smooth - like a baby 's !
 Found product in Europe , could not locate it in US except on line . Works great , wish more local exposure would generate demand and supply .
 I used quite a few other brands , and this one is the best !
 This works great and does n't feel oily or leave an unpleasant smell . I 'd use this again .
 You could n't have picked a better person to Test Drive this product . I have severely dried and callused heals . From the moment I put the creme on my feet , they felt smoother . The creme stays on for hours like the product says . I ca n't believe the difference it 's made in such a short time . I 'll definitely buy this product , and I 'll be recommending it to my mom , whose feet are drier than mine are .
 I used this product on my feet at night . When I woke up in the morning , they were so soft . I used it every night for seven nights and it worked like a charm . My feet used to be cracked and dry . Now they 're very soft . I 'd definitely recommend this to friends and family .
 The Neutrogena Norwegian Formula Foot Creme was one of the best cremes I 've ever tried . I noticed a difference after the first time I used it . I especially liked that the cream was n't too thick to smooth on . It also was n't hard to rub in . I 'd recommend this product to anyone and will continue to use it .
 Before I started using this foot cream , I was using one with an AHA . But this one is much better . The consistency and texture reminded me of Corn Huskers Lotion . For four nights in a row , I applied it at bedtime and put socks over my feet . I was very surprised at how well it worked . My heels are very dry and cracked and this really helped . I noticed a difference after just one night of use . It also seems to work for a long time , even after I took my socks off in the morning . It takes a while to soak into the skin but once it does , the finish is n't greasy -- it 's almost powdery feeling . The package said that I need to use only a dab , but I had to use quite a bit more than that . All in all , I 'm very pleased with the product and would buy it in the future -- but I wish it came in a bigger tube .
 I 've used only one other brand of foot cream , and I have found this product to be far more superior to the Ponds product I 've been using . Neutrogena is fast absorbing and long lasting . I 'll definitely recommend this product to friends and family . My feet are softer than ever !
 I could n't believe how little I needed to use . A tube will go a very long way . It softened my feet the first time I used it , and I did n't feel like I was going to skate across the floor ! The moisturizing effect lasted all day without a greasy feeling . It worked great on my rough knees , too . This product is definitely a keeper !!
 Neutrogena Norwegian Formula goes on silky smooth . It 's lightly fragrant and not too thick or too watery . It 's more of a gel than a cream . After only three days , it improved my dry skin . I 've even suggested that my boss try some on his hands , as he has very dry , cracked skin on his fingers . I 've used Dr. Scholl 's foot cream , as well , but like this one considerably more . As the literature says , it lasts 17 hours or so . I highly recommend it !
 I have struggled with dry and cracked skin on my feet most of my life and have tried many creams , ointments and home made remedies with no lasting improvement . With the Neutrogena Norwegian Formula Foot cream I can say I no longer have a problem . I use it every morning and also before I go to bed . Since I started using the product the callus on my heels has gone , no more cracked , bleeding , painful openings on my feet ! My local drug store stopped carrying it last year , so finding it online was great ! I bought several tubes . It 's the BEST ! Thank you
 The Neutrogena Norwegian Formula Foot Creme was a dream for this mother . My 7-year-old was unfortunate enough to inherit a severe callous problem that affects his hands and feet . The problem is so severe in his father that his father 's hands and feet are literally split open and very painful . The 7-year-old has already started with very hard calluses and nothing seems to relieve them . Nothing , that is , until now . Just a small nightly dose seems to be helping immensely into giving my dear son back the soft feet I would expect a 7-year-old to have . I highly recommend this product to anyone who suffers from dry , cracked feet .
 This foot cream works . It absolutely positively will heal your cracked feet & calluses no matter what . It will prevent future problems as well . I am not kidding . Unfortunately it is difficult to locate . The cracked heel cream by Neutrogena is nowhere near as good however .
 Neautrogena won me over with this product ! As I have gotten a little older , I am 28 now ; I have noticed my feet get dry during the winter and even in the summer when I wear sandals frequently.After using this product once I noticed a difference and over time the results just get better and better . I put this foot cream on before I go to bed and my feet are baby soft day after day . After letting friends and family feel feet , I have several of them thanking me for the great advice and like myself , will never need to try another foot cream again !
 Do you have calluses ? Dry , rough feet ? Even hard spots on your hands because you 're a data processor leaning too firmly against your keyboard ? You need Neutrogena Norwegian Foot Cream . There is nothing better .
 I really liked this creme . It has a wonderful scent and a little goes a LONG way ! I actually used this on some other areas as well , like my elbows and knees . It worked just as well there . The only thing that I did n't like was that it took a little too long to be absorbed . I put it on my feet before bed and it felt a little sticky . I felt that I need to wear socks with it on . I used a little less the next night and only in certain spots and had better results .
 None of the local stores sell this , probably because it works so well , no one would buy the junk they pass off as foot cream . I highly recommend this product .
 I use the neutrogena foot cream on a daily basis and it keeps your feet moist and soft all day.I highly recommend this product to anyone that has dry and rough feet .
 These are handy little razors that do what they need to do . I highly recommend them to get rid of the blond peach fuzz on the face .
 These are easy to use and you can keep one in your car since that is where you see all the little hairs .
 I 've tried many probiotics and this is the most effective product . I usually take four with each meal , which helps greatly with my health condition .
 DDS PROBIOTICS-100 Acidophilus was a life saver for me . I had IBS for years and happen to see this adverised . So I thought , why not , I have nothing more to loose.It straightened my system out in a matter of 1 week . I will never be without it ! No more embarrassing moments . Easy to take 2 capsules , in the morning , on an empty stomach . DDS PROBIOTICS does the job they say it does . I have no more worries about eating out in restaurants anymore , catching a bacterial infection . DDS PROBIOTICS have helped me in so many ways . Thank you U.A.S. Laboratories for finding this therapy . -LSB- ... -RSB- Best Regards , Julia
 Great product , well made , looks beatiful . I dont have any negative comment on this product . Buy one and see it from yourself .
 Good quality ! Love it ! Cheaper here than in stores . I 'm very happy with it . Highly recommend this item . Hard to find in stores anymore .
 Love this bracelet , very attractive , does not look like a magnet bracelet . Have gotten compliments on it.Hasn ' t faded , feels great .
 Very pretty bracelet - casual or dressy . I am hoping after some where and tear it looks as good as it does when I took it out of the box today . I was getting this fine magnetic jewelry this is a much better deal and just as cute .
 I 've owned several Sabona 's over the past 20 years or so . This one is lighter weight and has more magnets than any of the other bracelets from Sabona . The catch is very unique ... when you open it , it still has a hook that retains it on your wrist so that you ca n't lose it -LRB- as I have already done with two before -RRB- ... so , yes , it takes a small amount of work to remove -LRB- I never do -RRB- and you likely wo n't be able to do so in the dark . I 'm a physical man who skis , roller blades , windsurfs , snorkels , bikes , etc. . I ca n't prove that these bracelets work , but I CAN say that I 've had many physical injuries from physical activities and none have involved my wrists since I 've been wearing these bracelets -LRB- one on each wrist -RRB- . And I originally starting wearing them because I thought my wrists were the weakest part of my body and were the most likely to be injured -LRB- I 've actually shattered my femur -RRB- . Makes me wish I had these bracelets on the other parts of my body . Yes , they call this a Ladie 's model , however , I found it much more comfortable , lightger weight , and had more magnets than the models labeled as `` MEN 's '' models .
 I have worn these bracelets for years . My old one broke so it was time for a new one . Great price .
 ecellent product allowed me continue working on my feet even in extreme painordered impropely the first but company was helpful help me to orderright product and prompt refund on wrong merchandise . pleas note even though you only see one product shown you have to look throug the pictures for the right size if its left or right.thank you
 ecellent product allowed me continue working on my feet even in extreme painordered impropely the first but company was helpful help me to orderright product and prompt refund on wrong merchandise . pleas note even though you only see one product shown you have to look throug the pictures for the right size if its left or right.thank you
 ecellent product allowed me continue working on my feet even in extreme painordered impropely the first but company was helpful help me to orderright product and prompt refund on wrong merchandise . pleas note even though you only see one product shown you have to look throug the pictures for the right size if its left or right.thank you
 My mother-in-law wanted Shalimar dusting powder , but could n't find it locally in her small city . She 's a technophobe who refuses to use a computer , so I searched for it and ordered it for her at Amazon.com . It arrived quickly and undamaged . She was very pleased !
 This product is perfect for anyone allergic to shellfish . It says on the back of the bottle that it contains `` no shellfish '' . I did notice a difference in 5 days . The pain in my hips and feet seemed to subside and I 'm not in as much pain when I get out of bed in the morning . I 'm 36 and have worked on concrete floors for 15 years . For some reason I 'm having a hard time finding this particular supplement in stores now , which is a shame because everyone ca n't take the other products for joint relief that seem to be so readily available . Thanks Amazon .
 I have been very high strung kind of person and have trichotillomania . I read about studies using this to treat the disease so thought I 'd try it . I 've been using it daily -LRB- 1/2 -1 tsp every morning -RRB- for the last 4 months , and while I do n't seem to be pulling any less , I am a LOT calmer . I went into this thinking it would n't work and family has told me I am more `` normal '' now , so I do n't think there is a placebo effect . It is a very fine powder and is slightly sweet . I think this one works better than the Jarrows brand and a million times better than the Rugby brand tabs . If taken in large doses this puts me to sleep -LRB- accidentally grabbed the 1/2 tablespoon measure instead of the 1/2 teaspoon measure the very first time I took it , ha -RRB- , so would be good for someone with insomnia . I LOVE this and recommend it to everyone with `` mood '' issues . * Disclaimer
 I 'm still not sure whether Inositol is what my body needs , but I can say the powder form is much more effective than the pill form I had tried from another retailer -LRB- generic brand -RRB- . This leaves me feeling calmer , the pill form pretty much did n't do anything . If you think you may benefit from Inositol , try the powder first .
 Shake tasted good . The strawberry banana tastes more like regular strawberry than the strawberry flavored one . The strawberry banana is a little thicker than regular strawberry .
 Ive been drinking this for 6yrs now as my breakfast . It has been a great alternative to the fatty typical breakfast . Very happy with the product , Its like drinking a multi vitamin and it taste good .
 I use this for after workout drinks and this flavor is very tasty . Like others have said it does n't blend easily , so use a hand mixer . I would certainly recommend it .
 I do n't care for meat , fish or chicken for that matter . This is why I buy protein shakes in order to get some protein . I came across a small package of Strawberry/Banana Spiru-Tein . I took out my hand blender , I added a little 2 % milk , water and some fresh mango slides -LRB- frozen from the season -RRB- and OMG
 Being In the hellish situation I Am In I can Not get It together to buy fresh Fruits and Vegetables so I buy this , I was drinking Ensure but Its even more fatting and Ensure has bacteria In It that makes Me smell like a Chicken house or a sewer plant . There Is Nature 's Way Alive but It only came In Vanilla which I did Not like the taste of and one can I did Not even open for 2 years or so and like the Apple Cinnamon even less , Nature 's Way Alive now comes In Chocolate I have Not tried It yet plus It cost like $ 10.00 less than Natures Plus . I like all the flavors of Nature 's Plus except Chocolate this has more of a Banana taste than Strawberry I like It .
 ecellent product allowed me continue working on my feet even in extreme painordered impropely the first but company was helpful help me to orderright product and prompt refund on wrong merchandise . pleas note even though you only see one product shown you have to look throug the pictures for the right size if its left or right.thank you
 Purely Delicious ! It has little pieces of Strawberry Shortcake . The shake comes up thick and creamy and makes a great morning breakfast or snack . Definitely my all time favorite protein shake aside from the chocolate Spirutein .
 After reading an article about melatonin , and how our brains lose melatonin as we age , I decided to try it . The research pointed out that 0.5 mg is as effective as 3 - 5pm , I picked up a bottle of 1 mg Melatonin by Source Naturals at my local health food store . I have been splitting the tablets in half and taking it about an hour before bedtime . The first time I slept so well that I woke up in the same position I fell asleep in ... no pillows thrown about , no covers tossed aside . The bed was still perfectly made and I awoke lying on my back , ten hours later . Amazing . Since then I have been taking the same dose every night with results not quite as stunning as that , but it does seem to help get me into a more ready to fall asleep mode .
 What I read is that less is more with Melatonin . I have tried literally dozens of sleep aids including many with Melatonin and NONE of them have worked for me like this exact product . The combination products do not work as well as this and make me feel weird . I have or used to have problems waking up in the middle of the night and bought Midnight Sleep which worked for a few nights then stopped . I decided to try and chew one of these peppermint ones at 3am and they work great . And have continued to work so well I 'm contemplating throwing out or giving away my remaining bottles of combo products . This even works much better -LRB- for me -RRB- than 3 or 5 milligrams .
 Helps me sleep a lot . I take 2 at night usually but it depends . I fall right to sleep . I like the 1mg bc u can always take more .
 I have trouble staying asleep . I take melatonin every night . It works 90 % of the time . And there is no residual sleepy feeling in the morning . I find that sometimes I do better with 1 mg and sometimes I do better with 2 mg . The 1 mg tablets allow me to fluctuate between the two .
 I 'm one of the lucky people that only needs to take about a half mg to one mg to help get to sleep . This is a wonderful product . It tastes best in mint .
 My personal physician recommended this and I bought at goo.gl / xv1lP , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! He told that the extract of pine bark has a beneficial effect in treating over 50 diseases associated with the effects of free radicals , and also provides prevention against them :1 -RRB- Asthma2 -RRB- Chronic venous insufficiency -LRB- a condition that involves leg swelling , 3 -RRB- varicose veins , pain , itching , and other skin changes -RRB- 4 -RRB- High blood pressure -LRB- hypertension -RRB- 5 -RRB- Retinopathy -LRB- an eye condition commonly caused by diabetes -RRB- 6 -RRB- Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder -LRB- ADHD -RRB- 7 -RRB- Blood clots in the legs -LRB- deep vein thrombosis -RRB- 8 -RRB- Diabetes9 -RRB- Impotence -LRB- also known as erectile dysfunction or ED -RRB- 10 -RRB- High cholesterol11 -RRB- Male infertility12 -RRB- Heart attacks or strokes13 -RRB- Leg cramps14 -RRB- Pregnancy pains -LRB- such as back pain , pelvic pain , and leg cramps -RRB- 15 -RRB- Painful menstrual periods -LRB- dysmenorrhea -RRB- .16 -RRB- Pycnogenol is also said to improve athletic performance . `` So , tell me what it cant heal ? '' I asked . But whatever I had a try . I use it in my type 2 diabetes herbal treatment regimen and to add preventative circulatory and longevity potential to my life one veggie cap at a time . I have been taking this pycogenol for about a month so far and the main thing I have noticed is that my allergies/cough have pretty much gone away completely . At the beginning of January this year I got sick with a pretty bad cold and have had a cough ever since that is only at night and in the morning . My doctor told me that it was most likely allergies or asthma , neither of which I have had before . The pycogenol is the only thing I have added to my regimen of vitamins/supplements in the past month and now my cough is gone.Yay !! I am also hoping this will help with my diabetes which was the reason that I started taking it so hopefully I can report back seeing a benefit on that soon too . I plan to start taking this twice a day instead of once so I 'm hoping that will help .
 IT HAS HELPED ME BALANCE MY MOOD AND THE ADDED BONUS IS THAT I HAVE MY SEXUAL DESIRE BACK . IT HAS CHANGED MY OUTLOOK FOR THE FUTURE AND I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE EXPERENCING MOODINESS AND SEXUAL DECLINE . I HAVE NO SIDE AFFECTS .
 ecellent product allowed me continue working on my feet even in extreme painordered impropely the first but company was helpful help me to orderright product and prompt refund on wrong merchandise . pleas note even though you only see one product shown you have to look throug the pictures for the right size if its left or right.thank you
 I have tried many digestive products for lactose intolerance . This is the first one i am completely satisfied with the results . No stomach pain or bloating or gas after drinking milk . Thanks
 I just returned from 2 weeks in London and took this small Neti pot with me , used it everyday . It was just terrific , no rough edges or bad smell as I read in another review . It was only $ 6 and a good deal . Maybe all of them are n't as smooth and nice as mine . I really like it alot and will take it on my next trip .
 I 've been using this neti pot for three years , and I have absolutely no problem with it 's function . However , I am in the market for a new one because I am tired of cleaning it . Mold starts accumulating in the nozzle , and it 's difficult to clean out . It 's a good pot in terms of how well it cleans my sinuses , and I will keep it for travel .
 This neti pot is the best ! It 's easily packable for travel , and wo n't break because it 's plastic .
 I had struggled with the aching pain of varicose veins for many years . Most women do n't get them until either pregnant or elderly -LRB- or so I 'd been told -RRB- , but for me they started as a teenager . Doctors were not able to help.CircuLegs have helped ; they have significantly reduced the aching pain from varicose veins . Not a complete cure , but helpful.Several years ago , I read in a mainstream magazine -LRB- I forget which -RRB- , that for varicose veins , there was some actual scientific studies that showed some benefit from two herbs -- Horse Chestnut and Butcher 's Broom . I thought it worth a try , and looked for those two herbs.These capsules contain the herbs Horse Chestnut , and Butcher 's Broom , blended with other herbs , including Centella Asiatica.My previous experience with other types of herbs -- for remedying other problems -- had left me skeptical of exaggerated and unsubstantiated claims for the benefits of herbs . However , CircuLegs capsules have improved my quality of life.Please note recommendations that these herbs not be taken for a few days immediately before surgery , because there might be potentially more bleeding or less clotting . I am not a doctor nor a nurse ; just passing on what they had told me . And of course I discuss with my physician all herbs taken.Addendum , April 2011
 Was having numbness in toes , worried about onset of diabetes , and this product has increased my circulation such that I no longer have the numbness in toes . I will definitely keep taking it .
 I had struggled with the aching pain of varicose veins for many years . Most women do n't get them until either pregnant or elderly -LRB- or so I 'd been told -RRB- , but for me they started as a teenager . Doctors were not able to help.CircuLegs have helped ; they have significantly reduced the aching pain from varicose veins . Not a complete cure , but helpful.Several years ago , I read in a mainstream magazine -LRB- I forget which -RRB- , that for varicose veins , there was some actual scientific studies that showed some benefit from two herbs -- Horse Chestnut and Butcher 's Broom . I thought it worth a try , and looked for those two herbs.These capsules contain the herbs Horse Chestnut , and Butcher 's Broom , blended with other herbs , including Centella Asiatica.My previous experience with other types of herbs -- for remedying other problems -- had left me skeptical of exaggerated and unsubstantiated claims for the benefits of herbs . However , CircuLegs capsules have improved my quality of life.Please note recommendations that these herbs not be taken for a few days immediately before surgery , because there might be potentially more bleeding or less clotting . I am not a doctor nor a nurse ; just passing on what they had told me . And of course I discuss with my physician all herbs taken.In addition to these herbal capsules , I suggest making sure you are getting enough Potassium . I recently learned that Potassium is an important nutrient for leg comfort . Many people do n't get enough -- maybe not eating enough foods with potassium -LRB- e.g. bananas -RRB- on a daily basis .
 Definately one of the best products I have used in a very long time . Look forward to my future purchases .
 I received this in the mail so fast I was really surprised when it arrived . It 's a great sugar substitute although I 'm actually using it in a homemade toothpaste recipe . It tastes great , I love it . You should n't hesitate to try it . It tastes SO much better than a lot of other sugar substitutes you will be amazed ! I would highly recommend this product .
 Xylitol is such a useful and tasty sugar alternative . We use it in everything you would normally put sugar in , including tea , coffee , baking , homeade lemonade , etc. . This product is also very affordable compared to other sources .
 Great product , I really enjoyed the quality of the ingredients ! It was more than I expected for such a great deal !
 Xylitol is the best sweetener I 've ever used ... period . Jarrow 's price for the 16-ounce jug here at Amazon is n't too bad , either . I 've also used the powder mixed with Lactoferrin and alcohol-free Witch Hazel as a wound dressing to stop bacteria from colonizing , which produce toxins that create infections and slowdown wound healing . I first learned of this a couple of years ago after reading about such being used in wound care centers . I will definitely continue to buy the product , as I use it everyday as a sweetener . Highly recommended .
 Out of all of the sugar substitutes I 've tried , and I 've tried them all . this one is the best.It feels like sugar , it acts like sugar , and it tastes like sugar . There is no aftertaste , and best of all , unlike all the others , there are no side effects . It is also safer than the other sugar substitutes , according to my doctor.It all natural , made from Birch Bark and is rumored to have some health benefits , such as , it metabolizes in the body without using insulin making it an excellent choice for diabetes patients . It it also rumored to build immunity , protect against chronic degenerative disease and has anti-ageing benefits and is an antimicrobial , preventing the growth of bacteria.Unlike the poison , Aspartame , and other artificial sweeteners , Xylitol is actually good for you . I highly recommend it over all other sweeteners .
 After reading in several dental-health books about how good Xylitol is for preventing cavities , strengthing teeth , etc. , I decided to try Jarrow Formulas Xylitol . It is smooth , cooling and simply delicious ! I eat it off a spoon , several times a day . I received this very quickly , am extremely happy and will definitely be a repeat customer .
 Because this is a powder it dissolves better in cold drinks than the other Brands.The other brands are fine for hot drinks , but their crystals are bigger and do n't dissolve in cold drinks . Love this !!
 I have to use 2 spoonfuls of this inorder to sweeten the same amount of coffee that i use less than one spoonful of xylo sweet . This does n't have any after tatste though , xylo sweet has a slight aftertaste , but is very potent . for the price I do like this product .
 If you are looking for a great xylitol powder , then this is it ! I purchased this for myself and a friend who wanted to try using this product in baking for their friends without using sugar . It has a cool mint flavor and it turns up in the baking which is fine if you want that flavor . I use a tiny amount in my tea , but I prefer stevia instead . My friend thought it was great for baking and said it performed great !
 I 've been using this xylitol for months in my sinus irrigation machine . I mix it with the salt and warm water . The xylitol really helps to clean out my sinuses . The first time I used it , I was really shocked at home much I was able to blow my nose and clear my sinuses . It still continues to help after a year of use . It has n't cured my sinus issues , but it makes a difference .
 I bought this Xylitol powder after reading in some professional dental journals recommendation to fight tooth decay and oral problems . Product is sweet and tastes like regular sugar with no after taste .
 The much touted health benefits of xylitol made me buy this product . It is a huge amount of sugar in a very fine , powdery form.I deduct one star for the misleading label which makes everyone think it is a protein powder . It should be marketed as a healthy , organic product rather than something which looks like a genetically engineered `` get-big-quick '' supplement .
 Aller-max gave me new life . After suffering from all kinds of allergies , I am seeing a new gifted life without allergies with the use of aller-max . With one pill per day I am enjoying my new life . I started using aller-max from July.without aller-max my life will be hell like every year.if any body with allergy asthma , they must try aller-max . Only fortune and lucky people with allergy asthama will come to know about aller-max benefits in their life.only unfortunate people will not come to about aller-max . if I had known about aller-max 30 years back , my life would have more beautiful and enjoyable for last 30 years . I need to stop now otherwise my review will sound like marketing for aller-max
 I am taking two bottles right now , epicot and allermax . My intake of allegra decreased after i started taking this too . I do n't think it work as fast as allegra , i wanted something more natural . Works for sinuses !
 I take Aller-Max daily and it has worked wonders for me ! I have extremely bad allergies , but since I have been taking Aller-Max I have felt great ! I did run out for about 3 weeks and actually got sick . I SWEAR by Aller-Max and recommend it to everyone !
 I have recently had to move back to East Texas -LRB- I think the allergy capitol of the world -RRB- and this product , Aller-Max , is the ONLY one that works consistently for me and works quickly . I do n't have to take it every day or wait several days for it to take effect like most all-natural products .
 I take Aller-Max whenever I feel a cold coming on . For immune support and allergies , this is a great product .
 Great for short term -LRB- 2 to 4 hours -RRB- allergy relief . This helps my wife when the over the counter medications do not .
 This product was recommended to me by a homeopathic doctor , and it 's proved incredibly helpful . None of the over-the-counter allergy medications really do a thing for me , and the constant discomfort from allergies was wearing . This product has made the symptoms bearable and really helped my comfort level . I highly recommend it !
 I have used this product for many years & I love it !!!! No side effects & nothing else can compare to it !!!!
 GNC stopped making an herbal allegy pill that STOPPED my allergies when perscription meds could not . I searched and searched for a replacement and finally found it at Whole Foods
 I have truly enjoyed this item . I mounted it outside the laundry room , and placed labels with each family member 's name on it , and now they know when they have laundry that is ready to put away . -LRB- If it is not put away within 24 hours , they get to do their own laundry next time -RRB- .
 Nice set . Fits my wall perfectly . I think 4 colors is less confusing . The colors I chose were not planned but a perfect match .
 Good product . Works exactly as advertised . Could be a little cheaper as it is all plastic . I only needed the 2 flags but some may want more flags .
 Definitely has effects , and I intend to keep using it , but I feel the need to cycle my intake maybe a week at a time , interrupted by a week of non-use . If I read the literature correctly , this substance might deplete your catecholamine neurotransmitters with continual use . It did seem to lose it 's effectiveness over time . Maybe a catecholamine precursor will help .
 I like many others have been looking for a supplement that reduces brain fog and increase alertness without the side effects of caffeine . Vinpocetine 10mg achieved those benefits without increasing the heart beat rate or nervousness . It also had an overall calming effect , which was a pleasant surprise.For me , the effects of Vinpocetine 10mg was not felt until two hours after taking the tablet and lasting about eight hours . After six months of use , I can report no improvement with my memory or any other miraculous effects except for increased alertness.There have been times I still needed to take a caffeinated product in order to get my body in motion along with my mind . Because of this , athletes may not find Vinpocetine the most ideal supplement when preparing for a physical workout .10 mg daily did not give me headaches ; on the other hand , Vinpocetine did not get rid of morning headaches when they infrequently occurred . Caffeine plus 500mg of Tylenol got rid of a headache , so there 's still a role for caffeine to play , but at a much reduced rate thanks to Vinpocetine .
 This is one of the more effective supppliments you can take for your mental accuity . I have been taking it for years . This is a good product .
 taking piracetam , centrophexine , ALPHA-GPC , l-theanine for upcoming promotional test . I just added vinpocetine this morning . As soon as I took it I immediately felt a warm rush/tingling to the back of my head . I know for a fact it is working . I just studied for 1 hour and 45 mins on flashcards and my memory is improving everyday ... but today with the vinpoectine , I definitely feel more focused .
 very pleased with this brand of Source Natural.This works extremely well for my fiance 's tinnitus.I recommend this product to everyone to tryif they hace tinnitus .
 Vinpocetine in general has many short and long-term benefits . Short-term benefits include improved memory , cognition , and learning . Personally I noticed an immediate and remarkable improvement in cue-based recall . These benefits last even after cessation of the supplement according to studies . Longer-term benefits include prevention of cognitive decline as demonstrated in humans . Because vinpocetine increases cerebral bloodflow it may aid BBB transport of other supplements taken concurrently.Source Naturals in particular makes a good vinpocetine tab . The tabs may have better absorption properties than capsules , according to many anecdotes -LRB- unsure if this is a fact -RRB- . My lifelong plan is to take 10mg of vinpocetine 2x per day , as a 210lb male . Divided dosing is a good idea , and it 's probably best to avoid night-time dosing -LRB- although some people report interesting lucid dreams -RRB- for sleep quality reasons .
 If you 're looking for a suppliment to increase your brain two fold or make you insanely smart you 're not going to find it . This product is by far the best i 've tried so far however . I 've tried also Huperzine A. From what i 've noticed is that you pop of one these pills in and in a matter of minutes you start to actually feel increased flow in your brain -LRB- what this suppliment is meant to do -RRB- . Granted you 're in tune with yourself to notice this and not mistake it for something else . Speed of thought is minorly increased , and logic increased much more . You 'll notice more of an overall benefit than one specific sector . Many taking this product will expect to have all it 's resources go to making them smarter ; those are the ones who do n't understand what the product does . This product only increases blood flow ; and you 'll reach your thoughts faster , but your brain size , understanding , and knowledge will remain the same so it 's up to the person to gather their own pieces of knowledge if they want to put a puzzle together . Meditation on this suppliment is quite amazing , but i do n't recommend someone taking it if they 're in their early stages of spirituality . There are two pathways available with this product that i 've tried so far . The first is to take one before a test to help me think faster , and recieve concept understanding faster . The other is when i meditate in which this suppliment gives me a great sense of control over my own body and mind . Be careful to still remember to be spiritually intune and not a giant floating brain in life . My only problem with it is the small dosage . 15mg would 've been nice since you can use this product up to 40mg without seeing the minor side effects .
 I use this to boost mySource Naturals Huperzine A , 200mcg , 120 Tablets . The Hupe on its own is a great replacement for the expensive Exelon patch which is prescription only and $ 250 for a month 's supply . For me , at a 100mcg/day -LRB- half pill -RRB- I 'm almost good as new , instead of 72 and brain dead.But when I add the Vinpocetine into the mix , I get boosts in ways I never did before . It seems -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- to compliment the Huperzine and make me sharper , gives me mental energy and makes me way more vocal , which is good because I 'm a bit introverted . I talk a lot more now , and surprisingly it 's not just babble . People listen and are much more friendly to me.Hey I like this ! 8/14/2012 Update : I find this combination also gives me a tenacity I have n't had before . I see things through to completion much better than I have in years .2 / 12/2013 Update : I 've increased my dosage now to a whole tablet each morning of both Huperzine and Vinpocetine .
 We 'd been taking another manufacturer 's product by the same name for about 6 months.This product has been equally effective , and costs 1/3 the price.Thanks for providing us with a choice !
 I love this product and would reccomend it to anyone with vertigo and want to take a natural product.I had a rare type of vertigo and had been on prescriptin medicine for ten years.I wanted to get off that medicine and take a natural product.I had tried other types of natural stuff to no avail.I saw this product on Dr.OZ show last year 2011 . He had talked about it for memory boost.I decided to research it and I found out it was also good for vertigo an I have been taking it ever since .
 I 've been using this product on and off for a month . When I take it -LRB- usually with breakfast -RRB- I notice a slight but noticeable effect on my concentration levels . Obviously you have to focus on a task , i.e. , stop slacking , but when you do , you tend to become less distracted . If I need to turn around some work in an expeditious manner , I 'll pop a pill and focus . Generally I 'll look up and notice that two hours have elapsed , with the finished product in front of me -LRB- of good quality -RRB- . I 've noticed zero side effects . I experienced a slight headache once , but as I said , I 've been consuming this pill for over a month and only had one headache . What do you have to lose by trying it ? It 's cheaper and safer than taking prescription drugs , e.g. , Adderall .
 I 've been taking Ginko and Gotu Kola for years and notice a difference when I stop taking them.However I had a definite improvement within a couple of weeks after I started taking this . It feels like the fog has lifted . Also it 's easier to wake up in the morning . My mind is sharp throughout the day . I will continue to take this .
 I was taking a multi-vitamin and an anti-inflammatory medication . I started with 3000 mg of spirulina -LRB- now foods -RRB- and the first day I took two 10 mg of tablets of the vinpocetine -LRB- source naturals , 1 in the morning and 1 at lunch -RRB- . I didn &#8217; t go to sleep until after 3 a.m. that night , attributing this to the vinpocetine . I decreased the vinpocetine to just one 10 mg tablet in the morning after that and had no more difficulties going to sleep . The vinpocetine definitely made me more focused and it seems to have helped my memory . I didn &#8217; t expect such a quick reaction to the vinpocetine . I did not notice any reduction in my tinnitus symptoms though .
 This is just great ! It was exactly what I was looking for and at a fair price as well . I highly recommend this product .
 This is a very affordable source for a great supplement . It only lasts a few hours , but it works great . At 10mg , you can take one or two at a time , so you can tailor your dosage to your needs . A side benefit is that 120 pills fit in a very small bottle , so it lasts a long time and does n't take up much space .
 I bought this stuff with huperzine and they are both the same size pill . When I take thems , -LRB- 1 pill each -RRB- it kind of feels like I 'm not myself . It is a little weird because I 'm still in control , but the anxiety of speaking does n't affect me . It may be a stretch to say that it gives a confidence boost , but it certainly feels like it seeing as I 'm saying things I usually would n't . I can confidently say that this is n't a placebo.HOWEVER , be warned that if you do n't eat anything or if you take too many you are going to get nausea which wo n't make you hurl or anything , but it will make you feel unpleasant/uncomfortable . Nonetheless , good stuff .
 I 've been using this along with Jarrow Formula Acetyly-L-Carnitine 500 mg capsule and Source Naturals Vinpocetine 10 mg tabs . It helps in clearing brain fog , thinking properly , clearing confusion in my head and with the memory . Hard to say which pill is doing what but I 'm on this cocktail for couple of months now and plan to continue its use .
 I think this works . I use it regularly and take extra on exam days and my scores have improved . I think it may help with my eyesight too in subtle way .
 I am not experiencing an increase in ability to focus or increased memory skills at this time . I have been taking this supplement for a little over a week .
 I 've experimented with a few different supplements that are meant to increase focus , concentration levels , etc. . The most effective combination I have found are vinpocetine and huperzine , Huperzine A -LRB- 1 Gram -RRB- Bulk Powder . When I take both of these in the morning , I can study , write , and focus all morning with no problem . I also take them occasionally in the late afternoon when I need a boost for the evening and there is a noticeable effect . The only downside to taking them later in the day is that I have difficulty getting to sleep but this is a minor annoyance considering the overall benefit .
 I 'm 64 . For the past several years I have used Huperzine-A and Alpha-GPC to enhance mental focus in support of meditation . More recently , I have used them to offset some memory problems that may be from aging or something worse . I found that I can not tolerate donepezil -LRB- a first line of defense for Alzheimer 's and dementia -RRB- even though my doctor is willing to prescribe it . As a consequence , I was in the market for a nootropic that could help with memory and focus without further spiking my acetylcholine levels.Vinpocetine has proved to be one VERY dramatic addition to my arsenal . Not only has it improved memory , focus , meditation , and my general sense of well being , but it has done so with virtually no detectable side-effects that I can see . I currently take 1-2 tablets about three times a day . Recommended dosing is usually about 10-30 mg/day -LRB- 1-3 tablets -RRB- . I may go as high as 60 mg/day -LRB- 6 tablets -RRB- , using 2 tablets prior to activities that may require a hgh degree of focus . Each dose seems to last about 4 hours , give or take an hour or so . Effects of a dose are felt almost immediately , particularly the first time you take vinpocetine.Formally speaking , vinpocetine is a vasodillator and anti-inflammatory . Researchers have not yet established the exact mechanism of action but find encouraging results for the treatment of Alheimer 's and dementia patients . Here are a few more specific observations on my part , which you can take for whatever they 're worth :1 . Vinpocetine has improved both my short-term -LRB- 5 minutes to 16 hours -RRB- and midterm -LRB- 1-5 days -RRB- memory . I am remembering names , numbers , and the specifics of events that I know would have been fuzzier without it . It appears to be helping with long-term recall as well , but I 'm not yet certain .2 . It significantly improves learning ability with respect to reading and music by enhancing focus .3 . It tends to give me a heightened sense of pleasure from activities like meditation and music . I suspect that this is partly from a synergistic combination with valerian root , which acts as a mild sedative .4 . Vinpocetine is a neuroprotective supplement . I suffer from long-term hypertension and regard myself as being at high risk for ischemic events rangng from transient attacks -LRB- TIA 's -RRB- to major strokes . This supplement significantly increases the flow of blood in the brain , mitigating the effects of high blood pressure . Its anti-inflammatory properties help to repair tissue damage . Vinpocetine is not going to turn the clock back 40 years on our brain health , but it will help to keep things functioning more smoothly.I highly recommend this for anyone over 50 . Below that age , I tend to doubt that the effects will seem that significant . For seniors , however , this stuff is a blessing that I wish I had received years ago.UPDATE
 Vinpocetine is another drug I highly recommend to people . It works like no other focus supplement I have ever tried . Usually , in order to increase focus , people use b-vitamins , caffeine , sugar , amphetamines , etc. . All of those are stimulants and have strong effects on the entire body . Stimulants cause the brain to speed up , which gives the illusion of focus , but can still be difficult to work with , especially if you have ADHD . Vinpocetine is very different . It 's not a stimulant , so it does n't give you that hyper energy or speedy mind . Instead , it does something much better . It increases the overall blood flow in your body , notably in your brain as well . This causes your brain to produce more ATP -LRB- What cells , including brain cells , use for energy -RRB- and work better . How a person feels on Vinpocetine is difficult to describe , but my favorite analogy is that your mind will feel `` laser sharp . '' Somehow -LRB- probably from the inhibitory effects on sodium channels -RRB- the thoughts your have are much more clear . Far less random thoughts and off topic thoughts from whatever you 're trying to focus on . If you 're doing something brain-intensive , you 'll feel yourself somehow getting the right answer from the start as if your subconscious is in overdrive mode doing the hard work for you.I used the video game Team Fortress 2 as my benchmark for Vinpocetine 's effects . Without any , at the time I would n't play very well . My overall situational awareness and keeping track of the enemy team were lacking . On 30mg of Vinpocetine , I somehow turned into a pro . From the bottom of the scoreboards straight to the top . My aim was dead on , my situational awareness became absolutely perfect , and I started carrying entire teams by myself . I eventually ran out of Vinpocetine , but the skills I had practiced while on it were there to stay . They did n't disappear when I stopped taking Vinpocetine , which makes me believe it 's a wonderful learning tool . Take some Vinpocetine while learning and your brain will do a good job committing it to memory .
 My neurologist recommended this supplement starting with 2 a day and going to 3 , along with phosphatidylserine 3 a day , to counteract the short term memory loss associated with taking topomax -LRB- prevents migraines . -RRB- I 've taken these now for 4 months . They helped quite a bit until the dosage of topomax got too high . I stopped the topomax but have kept up the two supplements . I notice these supplements have cleared up some of my 63 year old foggy thinking and I am finding I am able to think more clearly on my feet which as a high school teacher is critical . My regular bridge partners commented on how much sharper my playing is ! So that 's outside confirmation . Its not a miracle drug , but I 've definitely noticed the difference . I 've recommended it to several friends who are complaining of memory loss .
 I tried taking 2 at mid day , felt more energy , concentration after about 1-2 hours , lasting for a few hours , not unpleasant , but not the kind you get from dopmaine -LRB- ritalin or adderall -RRB- . Same day could not fall asleep . I tried it again the next day , with the same outcome.Stopped taking it and my sleep returned to its norm.Overall the benefits for me from Vinpocetine are mild to small , but the cost too high.I gave the rest to my mum , she says it does n't bother with her sleep and that it had helped some with her memory , but she would not pay for it .
 I bumped into this stuff by accident while reading about people with low thyroid . I get the `` brain fog '' that so many experience because of low thyroid . I decided to try it and I got immediate results . Within an hour or so after taking it , I can think very clearly and very focused . I have been taking it nearly every day -LRB- just one 10mg tablet -RRB- for over a month now with no side effects . I started a new job and this really helps me to focus on what I 'm doing and not get sleepy . I did alot of reading about vinpocetine and I 'm aware of the pros and cons . However , I am seeing results with no adverse effects . Everyone is different so it may not work for someone else as it does for me . I 'm going to continue taking it !
 I would like to second the concern about this product 's effects on depression . If you have a history of depression please consider staying away from vinpocetine . If you do decide to go ahead and get it , start with a low dose for a week or so and stop taking it if you notice increasing irritability and other symptoms . If you keep going it can get really bad really quick and take quite a few days to recover . That said , this is really vinpocetine and for many people it is beneficial . So , I 'm giving it 4 stars anyway . Product fine , shipping quick . It is n't the seller 's fault that different people have different biochemistry .
 Originally , I started taking vinpocetine for concentration and memory , but after a few weeks -LRB- taking 1-2 tablets daily -RRB- began noticing improvement in several other areas as well . Vinpocetine is purported to have several benefits aside from boosting cerebral metabolism -- the majority of which I personally experienced improvement in . If you have any of the ailments it 's said to help , give it a chance.Here is a partial list of benefits research has shown and people have reported : Cause increased cerebral metabolismStop the decline of dopamineSlow the aging process in the brainImprove blood circulationDilate blood vessels and improve flexibility in red blood cellsInhibit the irritation and inflammation of the stomachHelp improve impaired hearingImprove many inner ear problems and may alleviate tinnitus and vertigoAlleviate many cases of incontinenceImprove age related macular degenerationMay improve blood circulation to the eyesHelp to stabilize the condition of glaucoma patientsImprove night blindness and overall eyesightPossesses antioxidant propertiesAlleviate fatigueIncrease alertness and alleviate altitude sicknessHelp improve brain function in Alzheimer 's disease patientsReduce anxiety and confusionAlleviate depressionReduce excessive fearAlleviate headache 78 % Alleviate speech impairment and may prevent and treat strokesImprove coordination and may increase creativityIncrease and accelerate the rate of learningIncrease short term and long term memoryStop hypoxia -LRB- oxygen -RRB- Alleviate the symptoms of female menopauseAlleviate several types of sleep disorder and insomniaStop turnover of serotoninMay facilitate the removal of toxic minerals from the body including aluminum and lead
 My wife now swears by this product . It does not upset her stomach like similar products . She has already recommeded it to a friend .
 It 's my favorite tea and no grocery stores have it near me . I have to order tea on-line , which seems crazy .
 This tea is very soothing for my tummy . I suffer from IBS and this is a great reliever of the symptoms ! I order 6 boxes at a time .
 one of my favorite teas ever ! nice soothing and good flavor ! i only like few kinds of tea this one rocks . i used to drink it in holland where my office would get at any near by grocery store . it was nice for working on the computer in the winter because it kept my mouse hand warm , helped with acid stomach and stress stomach .
 **** This is a decaffienated version of Stash 's chai spice tea , made from blended black teas , ginger , cinnamon , allspice , nutmeg , cloves , and natural flavors of cinnamon , clove , and cardamom . Many chai spice teas -LRB- which I drink plain without milk or additional sweetener -RRB- nauseate me , but this one did not -- I loved it ! The numerous spices are a unique taste sensation , and enjoyable cup of tea . I brewed the tea as I always do , leaving the tea bag in far beyond the 3-5 minutes recommended brewing time , and the tea never turned bitter , just got stronger and tastier ! Tastes exactly like the caffeinated version , but you can drink cup after cup because there is no caffeine ! ****
 I absent-mindedly opened these up just now and got a powerful blast of the goodness in there . I immediately thought , `` This smells RIGHT , these are RIGHT , I 'll be taking these . '' Clearly , these are the real deal . I 'm excited .
 I ca n't honestly say that I feel any better or worse after taking these for a while , but they seem fresh enough , and they did n't cause any stomach problems or any reactions , even when taken without food .
 Berman Center Juno Weighted Pelvic EThis is the best Kegel exerciser I have ever used ! Great for post child birth recovery.xercisor
 this weighted exercisor at first can be difficult it does help you can tell a difference almost after a few days of useing it to help strengthin the pelvic floor muscles
 Length :
 Great exercisor ! I was beginning to have some prolapsing that is normal for my age and timing with perimenopause , etc. . This really helps tighten the pelvic muscles and without going into too much detail , the muscles which helps `` hold everything in '' and prevent leakage and accidents . In just over a week you will definately see results if used consistantly and properly . Do n't be afraid to try something like this . It is difficult to discuss and admit to a problem , so buying online and using resources here is a godsend . Arrived super fast . Highly recommend !! Worth every penny and more !!
 Berman Center Juno Weighted Pelvic ExercisorThis is the best Kegel exerciser I have ever used ! Great for post child birth recovery .
 Bought this item after seeing Dr. Berman on the Dr. Oz show . I did n't do Kegel exercises while pregnant and have a small bladder control problem . Yes , you can do Kegel exercises without a weight , but this helps me to remember to do them . I just leave in in the shower and do them once a day . The exercisor has 4 weighted balls . You begin your exercises by using the smallest ball and supporting the bottom of the exercisor with your hand . When you have built up the strength you switch to the large ball with support and then without support . The item is approximately the length of my hand , 5 in . I recommend the item and would buy it again .
 This tool is priced much lower than similar products . It is made just as well , if not better . The packaging is very discreet , cute and has helpful directions . I 'd buy it again !
 If you are looking to buy this to boost your milk supply for breastfeeding , it is definitely worth a try . With my first daughter , my milk started giving out when she was about 9 months . I would pump about 1/2 ounce combined . After taking the recommended dosage -LRB- check out the kellymom.com website recommendations
 I use this product to boost my breast milk supply . Sometimes I notice that I am not producing enough milk for my baby , and I just start taking 4 capsules , 3-4 times a day and it boosts it right back up where it needs to be . Great product , and no effects on the baby or mom !
 I had to get medical therapy to increase my milk supply for twins . Fenugreek was prescribed and it made a huge difference . Based on what the doctor told me you can try the following if you have twins or simply need to increase your milk supply : * Fenugreek is very helpful , 2 capsules three times a day with meals , eventually working your way up to 4 capsules per meal . The body gets used to it after a while so the doctor suggested going off it for a couple of days and restarting . * Nurse 8-12x a day , putting each baby to breast until they empty it -LRB- do not time it -RRB- - the baby is much more effective than the pump at drawing the milk out than even a hospital pump , and will help increase your supply . In effect , interrupting the feeding could be counterproductive . * You can decrease the # of sessions if the amount pumped is more than 1000 ml / 24 hrs -LRB- try pumping instead of nursing for one day to measure -RRB- . You can also try weighing the baby to calculate intake , using a baby scale in grams -LRB- same as mls for calculating -RRB- such as theSalter 914 Electronic Baby and Toddler Scale . * Alternate sides for the babies , as one may have a stronger suck . It 's possible one side will have a lot more milk than another . How you hold the baby also affects supply - if you 're right handed that side will hold the baby more firmly and they may nurse longer and increase supply more on that side . All normal . * After breastfeeding the baby , pump but only for 5 minutes or so to increase demand on your body and thus milk production . Frequency is much more important than duration . Pumping for 20 min has little effect according to the doctor -LRB- I know , `` now I find out ?! '' that 's what I said -RRB- * If you have twins , read the bookMothering Multiples
 I was having supply issues , so I was told to try Fenugreek . I saw measurable changes within 12 hours . For the next 2 weeks , my supply drastically improved with regular use of these capsules . It tapered off after that , but I was told to stop for a few days and restart , and it definitely boosted my supply again on the second restart . It is true ; I did smell like maple syrup , but a small price to pay for being able to keep up with my baby 's feeding demands .
 I purchased this product as an `` enhancer '' to my gym workout . I ca n't say that it helped my gym workout routine physically , but it changes the scent of your sweat from `` sweaty '' to a sweet maple syrup smell . I like the product for that reason alone ! I 've been taking it for about a month now .
 This item is available at Whole Foods at a much higher price . Solaray is a trusted brand name , so I appreciate the value
 My wife and I both have problems with our blood sugar levels . Mine tends to run hihg and her 's tends to drop shortly after eating . Fenugreek has helped us keep our blood sugar levels more even . They do n't drop quickly or rise too much . There have been several studies done that show this to be true . We have tesetd our levls using a glucometer taking and not taking fenugreek . We take 1000mg in the morning and 1000mg before bed .
 I purchased this to boost my milk supply . It is cheaper than most of the brands labeled for breastfeeding moms , but it works just the same . I have to take 6-8 capsules a day , and it took several days to kick in . But it works ! I recommend it .
 If you need immediate results for increased breast milk supply , you need to follow these instructions or grab another herb . Mother 's milk is a great supplement to increase your breast milk as well as decreased stress , proper diet , and support ! I took fenugreek and mother 's milk supplements together and saw a great improvement . My stress level was also very high . -LRB- My husband was deployed -RRB- Take care of your body and seek help if you feel your breast milk supply is low .
 My husband is having knee surgery and needs this assist product when he returns from the hospital . Product is exactly as advertised . I ordered this product on the sixth , was given an arrival date of the seventeenth . It shipped within hours of being ordered and arrived in four days . Very pleased with this seller-OJ Medical .
 We always use this kind of brand . . they are great . . I was a little hesitant to buy it on line . But still work fine to me and my husband . . We will order again .
 I started taking this product after coming down with hives . I 'd heard it was good for rashes and thought I 'd give it a try . My hives went away a couple of weeks after taking it and also my post nasal drip which I 've had for the past three years has cleared up significantly ; maybe 80 % . I give credit to this supplement and am happy with the results so I 'm giving it four stars . My concern was about the ingredient Bromelain -LRB- 100 mg -RRB- . I read in `` well being journal '' Vol . 19 No. 2 that Bromide is a nutrient blocker of Iodine . If Bromelain is closely related to Bromide/Bromine this concerns me since I have hypothyroidism . I have n't researched this yet but thought it should be noted for those who would like to investigate this ingredient further .
 After experiencing occasional short term memory loss , it was highly recommended from a Ph.D in Nutrition that I begin taking Phosphatidyl Choline Complex . I was told that this complex really nourishes the brain , especially the memory aspect.I read numerous research articles about this supplement and decided to try it . Within a week , I did notice a change , as the frequency of the short term memory loss episodes dropped dramatically . I am glad to have found out about Phosphatidyl Choline Complex . I feel sharper in my thinking overall .
 Our occupational therapist had this putty , so I went to find some of our own . It 's perfect for the fidgets and it builds hand strength ; my son 's handwriting has improved visibly . I 'd recommend for anyone of any age who wants to strengthen hand muscles , work out fidgets , or just wants to create .
 I have found theraputty to be a great reinforcing activity for preschool and elementary age children and it also strengthens their fine motor skills at the same time . Everyone gets excited when it is `` putty time '' ! I like to hide tiny beans or other small objects inside that they have to dig out with their fingers . They love it !
 My son 's occupational therapist recommended this as a stocking stuffer for him since he had enjoyed using it in OT . It 's not cheap , but it never dries out , so it is long lasting . It 's relaxing to play with -LRB- for me , too -RRB- , and fairly easy to clean up -- the only thing it was impossible to remove it from was a rubber bracelet my son was wearing . It seemed to bond with it permanently .
 Pulled a ligament in MMA training , had therapy and they used this stuff . I bought some at home for self rehabilitation . I still use it when I get injured . Best stuff out there .
 Today they do not teach anything in school , I bought this as a gift for my niece . It contains the classics that deal with childhood fears .
 I got the green -LRB- medium texture -RRB- theraputty for my 5-yr old son who has some sensory issues . He loves playing with it , and I think the consistency is good for the `` work '' he needs to do with his joints in order to calm his nervous system , i.e. when I put beads in it and he has to fish them out . He usually will work with it for 30 minutes or more . But sometimes he wants to play with it like you would silly putty . My only concern is that it warms up easily and becomes very pliable after a few minutes of playing with it , then it 's very gooey . I think I will order the blue -LRB- firm texture -RRB- next time . And it does n't stick to most surfaces , but found that it 's extremely hard to peel it off of rubber surfaces . Hard , smooth plastic seems to work best if you 're hiding things in it .
 Items as described . I used something like this while in rehab for a knee replacement . They also had you do hand strengthening exercises . We put marbles into the putty and then put it in the box when through , and the next day we would knead the putty and get the marbles out , and then replace them into the putty and put back into the box . This is a good excercise , especially when you get into the stronger putty . I could tell the difference after a couple of weeks with my finger and hand strength .
 I 'm not using these putties for therapeutic purposes , I just use it for something to handle while watching TV or playing on the computer . It seems to be excellent quality , and works very well as a de-stressor .
 Purchased for my wife who is recovering from a stroke . It 's perfect for small motor work and eye hand coodination
 We got this for my mom . Her therapist had her using it , so now she can use it at home . Quality stuff .
 Love this stuff ! Would recommend to anyone who has hand problems ! Some say silly putty will work , but believe me , this is so much better !
 if your looking to strengthen your hand grip and wrist , this is the way to go . different colors for different strengths simple container to keep it in to carry around , there are other different companies , but I suggest to try this one . You 'll be happy with the results .
 No issues here . My husband 's therepist told him to get some black level putty so I ordered this for him . It is basically a single serving of the putty that can be used over and over again .
 not only am I building fine motor skills but my sons doesnt find it work at all and actually enjoys the task .
 Length :
 Lost 3 fingers in construction accident and were re-attached but lost the knuckles on all three . The therapist recommended the tan color.I liked it so much went and ordered all of them so I would know how much I had progressed in finger strength by the level of firmness I was able to use . Excellent product but must be supervised with kids as you do not want it around cloth or anything porous . The 4oz is the best for hand .
 We have used this product for many years with my son to increase hand strength and to help manage his stress levels-it is very theraputic and relaxing !!! I would however caution that it can be tricky to get out of carpet and other fabrics especially if it is allowed to sit .
 this stuff is great ... make sure you get the least resistant stuff if you are just starting rehab -- you will know if you have gotten the wrong resistance because your hands will ACHE about an hr after u finish ... the proper resistance feels good immediately as you use it . It takes the ache out of my hands and wrists ... and my hands can open better now than they have in ages .
 I love the putty I purchased . I am using it in home therapy after being diagnosed with RSD after surgery . It has helped me move my fingers again . I would recommend this for anyone who needs exercise putty .
 This theraputty is great for hand therapy and the progressive resistances makes it even better . Highly recommended if you have any type of hand or wrist injury , but be careful and do n't let it come in contact with anything except your hands or the containers as it will attach itself to everything and is a bear to get off . It was delivered promptly .
 Theraputty is great for forearm exercise . There are 6 levels of resistance , you can start from the softest one and slowly move up . It 's a great product .
 Great stuff ! we use this with our children who need to increase hand strength , their OT recommended it and they enjoy it so much . Its like silly putty but in different thicknesses . We like to hide marbles or beads inside the putty and have the kids find them . A great way to have fun , increase fine motor skills , and strengthen little fingers all at the same time : -RRB-
 I noticed weakness in my hands at the gun range . I was told by my gun instructor to purchase hand exercisers to help build the strength in my hands . I purchased this item and it has helped immensely . Great and inexpensive way to accomplished my goals .
 Great for kids with sensory needs !! Does n't dry out at all , and great for kids and teenagers ! The different firmness , soft to extra hard helps for kids with different needs .
 The Berman Center Isis Begining Pelvic Exercisor truely is easy to use . It also has a comfortable shape and size plus it comes with a cute drawstring pouch for convienant storage . The package has easy to follow diagrams with easy to read instructions . The one drawback I found with the packageing is trying to find the instructions hidden among the other words on the package , but once found they are easy to understand .
 Love this thing and it works great . Only reason I gave it 4 stars is because when I got it it came with NO bag like the other reviewer got and it was n't in the box . If I did n't know what I was doing I would n't know how to use it . It was just bubble wrapped in a big box with no directions . Over all I 'm very happy .
 In a few words it does the job ! I would recommend this to other women . Fast service . Thank you I 'm very pleased .
 Berman Center Isis Beginning Pelvic Exercisorthis is a great starter kegel exerciser . You can graduate to the Juno after a couple of weeks.Berman Center Juno Weighted Pelvic Exercisor
 An example or representation of insurance and investing in your goods . It insures a future with far less wondering if you guy is thinking what he will never tell you . That does n't sound like fun to me . So I got this and now I am not only a leg up where I was before , I know that in X amount of years one part of me wo n't age and that 's without botox . I plan on using botox in the future and I plan on using this untill it stop benefitting me . Gravity stops with this thing and people are scared of it for some reason . If this effect was something scary looking but promised what this can do I would take it . Think about the trade off . Tight is not a state of mind and this thing has been training to make sure that life doesnt change the fact that you still deserve a pretty one . Get over the insecurity , kegals work but you cant every remember and this is better . What if someone finds it ? Make something up . There are not batteries so say it 's a baton for adults . Who cares?Some problems are so easy to avoid and this one is something you never want to find out later . This is what I have now bought and done to avoid future-omg !!!! What do I do ? I hate this!Plus even if you do n't think you need this it will make what is aleady going on that much better . If you and five of your friends are the same age and only you use this for a year-you no matter what can know that you have a better one than they do or it ; s more likely . It 's not a contest but 's hilarious and worth the purchase right there.You do n't have to be the typical person who you would think need 's this . Someone who feels they are not the same size anymore and ca n't adjust sizes like small to x small in this case.Why I got this ? Why and who this is for ? Well I got this in the hopes that while I do n't have any new problems or complaints yet about this issue I am going to see if this helps avoid a future of looking for a solution.Do regualr kegals work too ? Sure but no one can remember to do those . Put this in a bright colored box on your bathroom counter and see if you end up using this more or remembering kegals . If you are embarrased then pick which embarresment is worse the future embarresment without doing some extra easy work to keep everything up to par , or having to do this anyway but just be embarrased with the issue . Your boyfriend does n't understand what this is . I am pretty blunt so I warned him of this before he thought . . who knows what . He looked at me like a dog would at an object he think he likes but is happily confused . Either way , even if he cared and thought it was weird I would rather the weird than the other feeling-you get it . When you get this in the mail your like , `` whoa this is huge or this looks like a lot to mentally deal with . '' Well suprise ! When you find out the shock that it 's not to big if it is just do LITTLE BY LITTLE . Do n't be a moron ! Then lay down read your kindle for a moment do your kegals with this thing for about 2-3 minutes , drop or cover with anti baterial soap , then rubbing alchohol , dry off put back in , `` look at me bright colored box , '' and then repeat every other day . That is it , I will take it and the price for a pretty and up to snuff friend than have to think about surgical or other options which there are none.This did n't come with directions but just look above and the missing instructions is a small price to pay for pretty p. So , this specific type and brand was smooth comfortable and did n't feel like your lower region was lifting weights , it feels light and its easy to clean . The whole beginning concept is probably a hint that you need to begin now!Thanks Berman Center IsIs Beginning Pelvic Exercisor.-wow you really can make everything better on amazon.Remember to choose fear , embarresment and hesitation now without a problem or all of those feelings in the future when you might need more than this item and a prayer to get your pretty p back . If you use this yours will be the best . I do n't know about you but I want the best possible for my body and this one does n't even include anything but an object.Berman Center IsIs Beginning Pelvic Exercisor-and creators-have paid it forward in life .
 Hi there , We have a big yoga studio that we use it to clean up the floors . We love it as it covers a lot of space in a shorter amount of time . I recommend this product .
 I like these Jarrow Flaxseed oil softgels . I take them for hot flashes and so far they are working really well . Just every once in a while I get a hot flash but they are not nearly as bad as they were and no where near as often . Thanks Jarrow !
 so far , everything is to be as expected with these supplements . The only issue I have is that it sometimes leaves an aftertaste -LRB- compare it to the fish oil ` fish burps ' -RRB-
 This is one of the best brands ofJarrow Formulas Flaxseed Oil 1000mg , 200 Softgels , I always take one cap daily .
 I had been purchasing the liquid flaxseed oil and putting on salads but thought I would try the gel caps as I do n't eat quite as many salads in the wintertime . I think they are just as good although the gel caps are large but being gel they are not hard to swallow . I usually take one after breakfast each morning . There is no aftertaste and I definitely would buy again and for 200 capsules the price is right .
 It 's good to keep you dry and good for overnight or long waits between changes . The tapes does need to handle carefully in order to prevent from tearing off .
 I have had nothing but compliments on this bracelet . Not only does it look great with everything I wear , but in less than two weeks I was feeling relief from the ache and stiffness in my right hand .
 I have been using NOW brand supplements for some time because of the high quality and purity of their products.The price was right on these and I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 If you do n't eat a lot of leafy greens , beans , fish , and a variety of whole grains and seeds , you probably are n't getting enough magnesium . This brand is very effective ingredients in addition to the cal-mag , such as vitamin D , Zinc , Copper , Manganese , and anti-inflammatory . It has helped me to ease muscle aches , sleeplessness , and itching from seasonal allergies . Great to take before bed .
 I started looking for powdered calcium/magnesium because of a friend 's advice due to sleeping trouble . This product has n't helped me with that , but I have seen and heard that others have had great luck with it . I still use it and plan on continuing to purchase it as an easy way to get absorbable calcium . I mix it with orange juice in the mornings . It mixes pretty well and I ca n't taste anything other than juice . Very convenient and healthy and economical way to get my calcium and magnesium for the day !
 I bought this for my husband because he has alot of back pain . he said it helps with his back pain and helps him sleep at night . He thinks it 's a very good product . He is ordering more when he runs out . It can cause you to have more trips to restroom though but is good for him though to help him get rid of the build up in his digestive tract .
 i get living calcium from spirulina and wheatgrass but i needed something xtra to supplement this stuff is fantastic i mix a little in orange juice or whatever it has no taste i feel it working and neutralizing body acids and help nerves relax and sleep improve i dont consume any dairy which has calcium but the acidity it creates depletes calcium to alkalinize the body and flush out the acid so dairy is a poor choice for bone health this fills the gap and of course lots of raw greens and wheatgrass for living calcium !!
 I love this stuff . It is fine & works great in my Remineralization Tooth Powder ! This is a wonderful product !
 If you have tooth and bone mineral loss , take this but must also take vit D , A , along with MK4 -LRB- from Thorne -RRB- . You will need to experiment , as these vitamins will cause you to store up the calcium more efficiently thus might need to take more .
 This works well for keeping regular , but do n't take to much to soon . Tastes best in tomato and cranberry juice . Did n't like it in water .
 This is a product that I have been using in addition to my adult one-a-day and it makes a perfert balance . The one-a-days have everything in them except a sufficient amount of calcium & magnesium . I also get it here for a good discount .
 Great product ! Product does as advertised and is useful . And the price can not be beaten . Will buy this product again !
 NOW brands are noted for their quality and consistency . Essential for my health plan . My niece runs a health store and they recommend this product .
 This is the most convenient means for me for taking calcium -- instead of trying to swallow &#34; horse-pills . &#34; Now makes a good product , affordable and easy to use .
 In updating my experience with this Calcium/Magnesium Citrate powder , one must note that if you do have any form of inflamatory bowel disease , a little too much of this stuff -LSB- amount varies for the individual -RSB- will give you a very loose stool . While it is still best absorbed by people with Ulcerative Colitis and Crohns compared to other products , small doses are indicated , or else you will be staying very near the restroom . That having been said this is the best calcium/magnesium product and you get a half pound for just $ 6.00 . On the other hand , people with chronic constipation get nothing but good from this product as it makes them very regular very fast.If you need Calcium and Magnesium Citrate powder , this `` NOW '' product is an excellent and reasonably priced choice . In addition to the obvious , it contains a reasonable dose of Vitamin D -LSB- 100 IU per Tsp . -RSB- as well as Calcium and Magnesium in equal quantities , which is important for treating certain conditions and for general health . It even tastes O.K. , like mild lemon juice -LSB- citrate -RSB- . We mix 1 teaspoon into citrus juice with powdered Brewer 's Yeast and Astragalus twice per day.Of course if you really do n't like the taste of this in any beverage or food , you can easily make your own capsules . Size `` 00 '' , or `` 000 '' being the ideal as a therapeutic dose can be had with 1 or 2 capsules . One might ask , then why not just buy pills in the first place . The answer is simply this ; why have the 3 needed nutrients adulterated with heat and fillers and in the process made less active and more difficult to assimilate?This `` NOW '' Product is one of the few that offers both minerals in Citrate form . Many brands that offer Calcium Citrate sneak in Magnesium Oxide which in therapeutic doses can cause Diarrhea and is less readily absorbed by the digestive system , especially in older people or anyone with Crohn 's or Ulcerative Colitis.While we are still pleased with this product I no longer plan to continue using it having Crohns , though my wife is taking it and having excellent results -LSB- she 's normal - I 'm not -RSB- . I have found no acceptable alternative for myself but plan to make a hard target search in the literature .
 I love this product , since most of us Americans are deficient in magnesium this product is an excellent supplement . I have seen the difference in my system by using this product on a daily basis . I have high blood pressure and this product is an excellent addition in conjunction with my better diet and my regular meds . Im hoping to be able to get rid of my meds sooner or later . Thanks ,
 Citrate form of calcium and magnesium are highly absorbable . I like using the powder because I can adjust the amount provided in my multi-vitamin to ensure my total intake is in line with recommendations in `` Prescription for Nutritional Healing '' . We blend this -LRB- along with calcium citrate powder and magnesium ascorbate powder and other supplements -RRB- into a homemade smoothie . Even when we blended it with plain orange juice the taste was totally fine -LRB- it just adds a bit of tang -RRB- .
 This was a very good value for the price , as compared to all the chain pharmacies , even walmart.I would recommend it heartily .
 I used to take these regularly a few years back . I had trouble finding this brand and they were hard to swallow anyway so I found something else . I like this mix of B with calcium and magnesium so when I ran accross them at Amazon , tried them again.But now 4 or 5 years later , I can hardly swallow them at all . So I grind them with my flax seed for my morning smoothie or in a mortar and pestle and add them to yogurt.So they 're big but they have good stuff in them .
 This supplement comes in a very large pill , but it 's got an excellent shape and a good coating that makes it easier to swallow than smaller calcium-magnesium-zinc supplements . You have to take three pills daily to get your minimums from this source . One note , if you are deficient in Vitamin D3 , the 200 iu of Vitamin D3 supplied by this product is not sufficient to meet your daily needs based on current research which recommends at least 2000 iu a day for individuals that get little noontime sunshine or are dark-skinned . Dark skin is a natural sunscreen that protects from tropical sun but severely limits the Vitamin D3 a person can make from the sun in the mid and northern latitudes of the US , Europe and Canada .
 Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries or AA batteries and you barely see these used.but hey this pack is perfect for just about anyone that needs them . You know who you are . The ones with the video games , remote controls , clocks , and whatever else you need . Expecially good to get during the holidays , you should never be without .
 This is the best chapstick/lip balm I have ever used -LRB- and I have tried them all ! -RRB- ... I got hooked on it while in Vienna . The only way it could be better is if they carried the `` zartrose '' color . Thank you for carrying this item !
 This latest version of Freeze-Framer is an excellent tool for the home user to practice relaxation and learn to synchronize the two branches of the autonomic nervous system . In HearthMath terms this state is called high coherence and represents a heart rate variability pattern where the sympathetic -LRB- excitatory -RRB- and parasympathetic -LRB- calming -RRB- parts of the autonomic nervous system are in balance . In more simple terms , it represents a state of less chaos in the nervous system which simply means we are in an optimum state that favors good health.With respect to the software itself , it has a nice user interface , is easy to use and you do n't have to have a technical or medical background to get the full benefit from it . In fact , you do n't have to understand the technology at enjoy the benefits ! That 's one of the things I most like.This software is particularly good for people who are working with stress management , pranayama , meditation or other relaxation techniques and want to see the affects on their nervous system and heart . How it does this is by exploiting monitoring heart rate variability from moment-to-moment . By practicing meditation , various breathing techniques or relaxation exercises one can see the affects on the nervous system as manifested in changes in heart rate variability -LRB- HRV -RRB- . This data is shown graphically along with other useful information such as the percentage of time spent in the session in high , medium and low coherence . There is also graphical and audio feedback to let you know whether you are in high , medium or low coherence in a given moment . You can also measure pulse waves and see your pulse rate at any given time.This software also allows you to save past sessions , change many options and increase the thresholds for the various states of coherence . This allows you to keep things challenging as you get better at achieving a state of balance . There are also a variety of games available for you to practice your skills outside of the main program.This package also comes with some useful tutorials and good online help . It is very simple to use and does n't have a busy or complicated user interface or instructions . I do a fair amount of biofeedback work on some very expensive equipment and I find that this program has most of the things I need for heart rate variability measurements at a low price . This makes it ideal for home users or people contemplating more in-depth biofeedback work.If you want to no more about the theory behind this product and how it could help you , you can look at HeartMath 's website or do a search on the book `` THE HEARTMATH SOLUTION '' by Doc Childre and Howard Martin . You can also search on biofeedback , heart rate variability and respiratory sinus arrhythmia on the web . While I do n't necessary agree with everything the HEARTHMATH SOLUTION says , I think it makes some excellent points that have been validated scientifically and that I 've found to be true in my own experience and the experience of my clients.I think one of the most powerful uses of this software is to see how different emotional states affect coherence such as anger , compassion , love , anxiety , etc. . For most people , it 's a very visceral experience to see how states of love and compassion correlate to maximum coherence . It is also an eye opener to see how anger and other negative emotions cause these physiological states to deteriorate.I also teach various types of meditation including loving-kindness and forgiveness meditation . This software is an excellent accompaniment to this type of practice or pranayama work in yoga.In summary , I think this is a great investment for busy people trying to find a simple stress management practice , yoga practioners and meditators . It will help you to develop higher awareness of your anxiety levels and other emotional states . It could also be used in combination with therapy for anger management and other issues in a very effective manner . The tutorial also gives you beginning instruction on how to increase your coherence on your own and points you to other more in-depth resources.If you have depression or other serious difficulties in your life then I recommend checking in with a professional as to the suitability of this product . Some things just ca n't be treated on your solely on your own and I have found that deep relaxation practices without guidance when there are serious issues going on can evoke anxiety or strong emotions . For the average person , however , this should n't be an issue .
 I had my doubts about this product . Somebody recommended this to me to help with a sports-like activity . I did n't even want to spend my own money on it , so I asked my girlfriend to buy it for my birthday.Wow , that was one of the best decisions I ever made ! On the very first session , I noticed such a difference in my game . It 's not the ` placebo ' effect either , since I was n't expecting anything at all -LRB- and was beyond skeptical -RRB- . I let my friend try it once - who had a game coming up , and had been struggling recently . One time using it , and he won by a landslide.I 'm also a singer , and I 've been having trouble lately because of a mountain of stress . After a few tries , I relaxed enough to really have that rich full sound again.Honestly , pretty freakin ' cool item . Not what you would expect . Not the typical metaphysical junk you 're always hearing about . This is a practical , real solution to problems dealing with stress , and activities requiring the ` zone ' . I want to check out the portable version next , to take to the ` field ' with me . But wo n't have the great software that comes with this , I 'm sure.And Kudos to Mind Modulations . If you know electronics , they 're like the NewEgg of Health Systems . Unparalleled customer service , and really fast shipping . They even throw in the Ear Sensor for free . And it 's still less than the competition ! Love this company .
 The emWave PC SRS monitors and reports heart rate variability - your pulse rate as it changes every half-second . When a person is `` stressed '' , your pulse changes suddenly and your pulse rate plots as jagged lines ; when a person is relaxed , these changes are smooth and plot as rolling curves . The difference is quite striking . `` Coherence '' is simply smooth changes of pulse , which are correlated with relaxation . The emWave reports this cardiovascular measure of your emotional state , providing unambiguous and detailed feedback in real-time of how stressed or relaxed you are.To _ achieve _ relaxation , the emWave PC comes with instruction for some basic calming techniques , which are effective . The emWave can also be used as an adjunct to other techniques , including meditation , guided imagery , relaxation exercises , etc. , to provide feedback on their effectiveness and get the most out of these activities.I 've owned the emWave for a couple of years , used it on-and-off , and found it to be an effective tool that helps me get the most out of meditation . I recommend it highly , but also suggest that you not limit yourself to the stress-reduction techniques included with the unit .
 I have had this product for about 2 months and I really like using it . I wouldnt really say its over priced , because it is such a great product ; but , its a little bit expensive for the average consumer , including myself . I do find that it helps in enhancing a meditation . The games are not what I expected , I hope they do work on those to improve them . As a whole , its a step up from normal meditation ; you notice a difference for sure , I do recommend it .
 I am a psychotherapist who found the EmWave while looking for a biofeedback product that would help my clients self regulate their moods . I can tell you that it is the real deal -- it works just the way it says it will . Of course , like most things , it will only work for you if you follow the directions for use . The purpose of the EmWave is to bring your heart , brain and autonomic system into coherence , which then creates a feeling of well being . I have used it myself , as have my clients , and when used as directed it does work beautifully . You will also be interested to know that the research behind the creation of the EmWave is evidence based and sound .
 This product was demonstrated by a therapist to whom I was referred for stress-management . After meeting with me , she demonstrated the EMWAVE product and said that while it was n't right for everyone , I would be a good candidate to use it . I have purchased and started using the product . One real plus is the ability to save each session and track progress .
 A Macintosh version of this program is now available . There 's a listing on Amazon , but the product is n't available here yet . More information is available at emwavemac dot com.Tom
 i STARTED USING THESE BAGS WHEN UN STORES and now I go to all extremes to keep them on hand . The handle ties are fabulous . Why are they NOT available in stores , I hope tey are always available . MKH THANK YOU .
 I love these bags ! they 're so much better than the drawstring kind or the tie-flap kind . None of my local stores stock these anymore so I bought a case on Amazon and I 'm so glad I did ! The bags themselves are very sturdy , the handles are long enough to tie in a knot when the bag comes out of the can , and I 've never ever had an occasion when the handles rip off ... I highly recommend these bags !
 I have used this product for over sixteen years and found it the best bag on the market ! The bags come out of the box and open easily -LRB- unlike some others I 've used -RRB- and are very sturdy and easy to pull out of the trash can with the convenient and strong handles . The bags are easy to tie closed with the handles , but still leave a convenient set of handles to carry the bag to the city bin . They can also be used to store things you want to keep clean and dry but need to access occasionally.AMAZON , PLEASE BRING THIS PRODUCT TO YOUR SITE !!!!!
 These bags are exactly what we were looking for . Ca n't find them in the grocery store , and found them on Amazon . Easy to tie neatly , and carry .
 I ca n't find the Handle Tie Gald bags anywhere . They are easy to use since I just hang the handles over my trash can handles . The tie bags do n't work as well for me . So , I just order a large supply from you and I 'm good for a year . Thanks !
 I agree with all the other reviewers . This is the best large trash bag I have ever used . I do n't understand why it is so hard to find . Please make every effort to restock this item !
 This has a light aromatic musky scent . I purchased the Egyptian Oil and thought this would add a lovely scent to any room without being overbearing .
 Love these incense sticks ! Wonderful , seductive aroma . One of the few incenses that do not give me a headache ! Price was good , and shipping was very fast .
 Perfectly acceptable and much less expensive than original part . All paper , and less solid frame than plastic frame of original , but who cares . It 's just a replaceable filter , and no need to be built like a tank .
 Work well in my machine and at a very good price . I smoke and have long haired pets and these work well .
 We ordered the wrong size & returned it to vendor . We 've used the proper size with similar construction for about 2 years . Cardboard frame , but works as well as original .
 I was surprised to find the new replacement filter did not have the same design as the original . The original filters , when I purchased the Air Cleaner , have a rubbery gasket that surround the filter to keep dust from slipping through the outside edge . The new replacement filter is just a cardboard frame that snuggly fits in the unit . I suppose it still seals enough to prevent dust from being blown back into the air.I gave it 5 stars because it does filter the air like it 's designed to . This was one of few places that I was able to find this filter . I was very surprised that Whirlpool themselves do n't stock it any longer under their parts list.I think I paid around $ 35.00 for this filter . That 's a little steep to stock up on them , just in case the unit should stop working . I guess I just have to hope the filter is available again next year !
 I always take `` Under the Weather Plus '' at the first sign of a cold . I never end up with a full fledged cold , and I always make sure I have this product in the house .
 This protein blend tastes great ! I make one big shake and have half with breakfast and half for lunch . As others have stated if you like chocolate , buy the vanilla and then add cocoa power so you can control how much chocolate flavor you want . By one big shake , I mean I use one packet of Met-Rx and then add a banana , peanut butter , dry oats , honey , and baby spinach leaves -LRB- you wo n't even taste the spinach with all that good tasting stuff added in -RRB- . I use it to replenish my carbs as well as protein after a run/workout . Just have to watch the calories when adding additional ingredients .
 I find this to be the best Meal Replacement powder . It has a great smooth taste , and it is thicker than a lot of it 's competetors that I have tried .
 This protein powder makes for a great meal replacement/supplement and has a big advantage over many of its competitors
 I 've had other meal replacement shakes and they 've all left an after-taste in my mouth . I was skeptical about purchasing this one but , with the great overall reviews , I went on and ordered the 18 packets of the new flavor -LRB- cake batter -RRB- . I have to say that this is day 2 of me drinking these shakes and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the flavor and texture -LRB- not too thick , not too watery -RRB- of the shake . It keeps me full even when it 's time for me to eat a snack or meal . I will definitely be trying the chocolate shakes next !
 While they have changed the taste over the years , this remains the best tasting protein shake available . It is a little pricey , but is still marginally worth it .
 I still find Met-Rx to be the best overall formula for a meal replacement . The protein composition is the best for long term digestion , as opposed to the quick - in and out of pure whey .
 I have used this product for over 20 years as a meal replacement . For me , a lot of breakfast foods are heavy or fattening ; bacon , eggs ... plus toast , pancakes , waffles . . on and on ... -LRB- essentially bread -RRB- . Of course butter was usually involved somewhere . When I would eat these breakfast foods -LRB- of course I enjoyed them -RRB- in about an hour I started to feel too full -LRB- bloated -RRB- and felt myself losing energy . Even though I did not `` stuff my face '' at the table , that was always the end result . As an adult , it definitely was not helping my personal weight issue.That 's when I started to look for a substitute for those foods . I use this meal replacement drink mix now instead . I have one shake for breakfast , and I have enough calories and energy to carry me through until my next meal ; plus an excellent source of supplemental protein . I like the vanilla . I often add strawberries or bananas to it . I eat meals for lunch and dinner , but I never have to feel guilty if I have a second shake in one day . When I found this product on Amazon.com , I was very satisfied by the price & the large quantity.Meal Replacement Drink Mix Original Vanilla 40 pckt
 excellent product great taste and not loaded with calories , i would suggest mixing with half lowfat milk and cold water . Shipped fast
 Tastes great , mixes easily , lots of quality protein . Made the switch to this brand about a year ago - very happy .
 This item was received quickly and in perfect condition.I would definitely order similar products like this from Amazon again .
 This is not the first time I 've purchased Met-RX meal replacement powder , and it will not be the last . I have yet to find a meal replacement that tastes better -LRB- I use 2 % milk , personally -RRB- or that fills me up better . I can easily make it several hours on a single packet and not get hungry . I find these especially useful on busy mornings where I know work is going to keep me running all day long and lunch is a `` maybe '' instead of a sure thing.Would highly recommend to anyone that is looking for a good meal replacement or for an easy way to add some additional nutrition in their diet .
 It 's a reasonably convenient , effective and tasty way of supplementing ones protein intake . I 'm a somewhat rigerous fitness-nut and am interested in maintaining a well balanced diet ; one that includes the additional protein my routine requires -LRB- weightlifting , biking , running -RRB- . METRX provides protein from a source other than lean meats such as chicken/turkey breast , top round beef , etc. , all of which I eat enough of . METRX -LRB- vanilla -RRB- tastes fine , not too sweet , at least for me . They keep sugar and total carbs nicely in-check . Personally , I 'd prefer a consistency that 's more like EASs ` Myoplex Deluxe ' -LRB- now discontinued -RRB- ; one that 's more fluid and less shake-like in thickness . Even with 20oz of milk mixed in , its a bit too much ... too each his own .
 $ 61 for 40 packets of Met-RX ? Are you kidding me ? This is a great deal for the original high-protein meal replacement . Amen !
 I never write reviews for any products I purchase online but i felt compelled to sign on and remark on this shake . Best purchase ever and you ca n't beat the price . I 've tested out a lot of different shakes and this one by far blows the others away . Your research stops here . Buy it now .
 I love Met-Rx protein drink . I have been drinking it for about eight years and it is the best thing . I drink it more for all of the nutrients in it rather than to gain muscle and it has really improved the way I feel . Plus it has a great taste !
 I love this stuff . It works well , and does n't upset my stomach . I used this for a three month period regularly and had good gains in muscle mass . I tastes good , especially with a banana added to it . The only downside is that it does n't mix the best .
 In many ways this is an insanely good product . But buyers should be wary because its greatest strength can also be considered its greatest weakness.The question comes down to this
 Really ca n't write too long of a review but I have to say this works as everyone here states . It is great as a meal replacement and makes it convenient for those days where you are running late and you can grab your shaker bottle and pouch . It has a great taste . I do recommend it with a shaker bottle as it can be quite difficult to mix by just stirring . So definitely take this one shaken , not stirred .
 This product is amazing and has helped me to lose some weight without losing too much muscle . There is a great blend of carbohydrates and proteins to leave you feeling full and energized . This product is also full of vitamins and minerals ! You really can not beat the price either , as it is one of the cheapest Meal Replacements on the market . I will continue using this product and reccommend it to anyone trying to build lean muscle or to lose some pounds . You will not only be amazed with your results but how good this stuff actually tastes ! Thank you Met-RX and its suppliers !! Chris From Ohio
 Richest , creamiest , thickest , yummiest stuff out there . Best protein available in a packet ! To do better , you 'd have to eat , soy beans , chicken , eggs , a steak and probably some real yummy tofu.If you like chocolate ... . ADD SOME COCO POWDER TO THIS !!!!
 i was interested in meal replacements to fit in 6 meals a day -LRB- 3 of these come from the shakes -RRB- and I tried Labrada 's Lean Body choc . ice cream ... ugh , maybe its for some people but not for me ! then i tried Met-Rx 's extreme chocolate , now THATS good stuff , literally tastes like cake batter , the best !
 Hands down the best protein mix of all time . Smooth and great tasting , only go with vanilla . Do n't mess with it if it ai n't broke .
 I have used Met-Rx Original Vanilla -LRB- white box 40 's -RRB- MRP since 1996 - every morning ! Love it !! I have purchased it thru Amazon.com since February 2010
 This is one of the best Meal Replacement Shakes ever . They set the standard . I do n't know how they do it but this distributor has the absolute lowest prices . I highly reccomend this product from this distributor.Let me know once you agree.Thanks a ton .
 As a fitness enthusiast for the last 15 or so years I have tried just about everything there is to try in the way of protein supplements and meal replacement drinks . Met-rx not only tastes good but it works . No digestibility problems like many other protein drinks and since its best mixed with water it travels well without spoiling . -LRB- if it thickens up on you , which it will do , just add a bit more water . -RRB- Now that I 'm in my mid thirties I find it increasingly difficult to get the nutrition I need to recover from workouts without getting fat , but with Met-rx it 's not a problem . Most days I drink 2-4 shakes plus a big green salad and eat fruits and whole grains and my body fat and recovery is as good as it was in my twenties . Great product !!
 Used Met Rx on prior occasions to lose weight and it works . Used a a meal replacement it leaves you satisfied if not full . One of the best things is no hunger pangs . Do n't hesitate to use it .
 I searched and searched for a `` meal replacement shake '' in a large jug - NOT the individual packages this comes in . I gave up and bought this . I am very pleased . It tastes good , and fills you up . It gets 4 stars for two reasons
 A friend of mine gave me a few packets of this - 2 chocolate and one orignal vanilla . the consistency is very thick , so I recommend using only half a packet - as it will fill you up . I tried the chocolate at first - mixed it with chocolate soy and it was tasty but as I stated very thick because I used the whole packet . My friend told me that the vanilla tasted like cake batter - I 'm not a true vanilla fan , but this is soooooooooooooooo good ... I mix 1/2 a packet with some vanilla soy and it tasted like pancake batter - but not too sweet . I supplement this as a snack or meal -LRB- lunch -RRB- . I 'm trying to lose 10lbs and using this product with eating fresh fruits and salads will surely get me there . I 'm full , satisfied with no shaky or hungry feeling . Yummy , yum , yum ... You 'll love it !!! Use 1/2 of a packet with 8 oz of soy or skim milk . A Full packet is very thick . I used a shaker bottle for about a minute and it was the perfect consistency .
 This product tastes great . It 's the second time I 've ordered it . Do n't know about any other flavors . Kind of want to try `` cake batter . `` I went to GNC to purchase a similar product and it did not taste as good as the Met-Rx product . This might cost a bit more but the taste compensates for it . I love the individual packets.I add spinach , kale , blueberries , bananas , strawberries , almonds & wheat germ . Very good shake in the morning.Gonna keep buying this stiff until something better comes out ...
 I used this product years ago during college -LRB- ~ 7 years ago -RRB- . I saw major weight loss -LRB- more than 120lbs loss -RRB- and increased muscle mass . It 's important to follow their directions and to work out hard when using a product like this , but my experience was following their instructions and incorporating this responsibly gave me the results I sought . -LRB- If you try to use this alone , without a weight-lifting and exercise routine you can easily GAIN weight due to the nature of protein . -RRB- This product is pricy but I 've found it does work ... I used it for 2 years at which point I had to stop using it due to the price -LRB- my newly `` caught '' wife required a home , figure that :--RRB- -RRB- Note that this is a MEAL REPLACEMENT , unlike other protein powder options which are supplements . There is a difference , and if you are unsure of the difference research before you start using one of these products.Finally , I 'm not a medical doctor nor a health or dietary expert . This is just my observations from my use of the product .
 Just started working out seriously 4 weeks ago . Now that I 'm on a schedule , I decided to concentrate on my diet . I 've been incorporating these in my diet plan . I have one right after the gym in the morning . It tastes great ; far better than any other protein powders I 've had before . The protein content is high and the shake provides plenty of nutrients . At first , I was afraid of the taste and added vanilla extract , but it was n't necessary . I started adding very small amounts of a combination of frozen fruits -LRB- peaches , strawberries , bananas or blueberries -RRB- , frozen spinach , walnuts and carrots to add to the flavor profile , the nutrient factor and also for ruffage . I no longer need to add ice cubes and the combination of flavors is fantastic . It takes me a good 20 minutes to drink the entire thing . Very filling . I could have 3 or 4 of these a day but I enjoy real food , too . The beauty about these shakes is you can have them at anytime of the day and even before bed . It 's the perfect meal . Do n't go overboard adding things to the shake and make sure you have a good blender . Ca n't find frozen fruits ? Buy them fresh , chop them up in portions and freeze them . They 'll last forever . Have n't tried the other flavors , but vanilla mixes well with anything .
 awesome stuff . got here fast and taste great . better than the other flavers by far just make sure that you use at least one entire bottle of water to wash it down .
 I started taking MET-Rx in the early 90 's after taking junk like Hot Stuff etc. . I could not believe what happened to me . In just two weeks I saw results . I started gaining strength and size almost immediately . Started at 165 and ended up at 205 + . My personal records done while taking two MET-Rx a day were 365 bench , 395 squat and 335 x 3 * stiff leg * dead lift . I still use MET-Rx to this day although I admit I only take one a day now . I also took creatine which made me strong and HMB .
 Very filling -- works well with water or milk . Get great strength gains . Only problem the mix is tough to combine with some fruits like bananas -- must stay with a citrus fruit like oranges or straw berries due to the thickness when mixing .
 I have this for breakfast every morning , helps me with weight control . It gives me energy till lunch about 41/2 hrs later and keeps me full as well , oh yes , it tastes like a malted milk shake , delicious .
 I bought this item only a few days ago . I did not expect it for several days . The only problem about that is I have to pretend to be health and start working out sooner . Also , thanks for the additional product sample.This Met-Rx stuff is the only health-thing I like , and Extreme Chocolate is the flavor I like the best . I like it the best because I am a sweet tooth . I like adding some banana in the blender and pig out ; this way I can tell myself that I eat fruit .
 Muy seguro , muy buena compra !!! Magnifico de muy buena calidad , estoy muy contento con la compra muchas Gracias!Excelente Proteina !!! Excelente !!!!
 The Met-Rx extreme chocolate shake tastes really good . I agree with the other reviews that compare it to chocolate cake batter , which to me is tasty . I 've had other protein shakes specifically designed for post-work out that do not taste nearly as good as this . It also leaves me decently full , and I find that it works great for me as a replacement for breakfast or an afternoon snack . It is a bit pricey , but when you consider the cost of food you are saving by replacing it with a shake , it 's really not that bad .
 I won a 40 pack of this stuff in a contest and I thought , what the heck ? Why waste it ? So , even though the flavor -LRB- cake batter -RRB- was n't that great , I enjoyed the shake . After a week or so of having a shake a day -LRB- to which I added a handfull of frozen mixed berries -RRB- I started to feel better ~ kinda ' pumped up . After a couple of weeks my physical therapy began to take off in effectiveness.You see , I have had chronic back problems for the last 10 years or so and had been through surgery , etc. and was continuing a program of phys . therapy to keep trying to get off the pain pills.Well , I could feel the support trunk muscles growing , getting stronger and my back is hurting less and less and the vicadins are getting fewer and fewer . Plus I feel a lot better overall and have lost weight ! Go figure . I 'm not doing any weight lifting , just the physical therapy exercises and isometrics during the day but I can feel the muscle mass and my therapist is really impressed as well.I will add that I am a 58 year old male & I 've read that protein supplements are helpful as we age.I would have never have tried this stuff if I had n't won that first box but , what a stroke of luck that was.Also , the chocolate is WAY BETTER a flavor and goes very well w/the berries I like to add .
 Many folks at my gym are into the `` Shakeology '' program . Found this product , seems just as good , and for a fraction of the price . Very happy with my purchase .
 Service was quick and I received exactly what I ordered . I will order from this seller again .
 my expectation for taste on these type of products is pretty low . the taste is fine and it makes one big shake with just water that holds you for a while -LRB- i am female dieting -RRB- . but the aftertaste is pretty bad - and tough to get rid of !! brushing your teeth is the best bet . but for the calories 240 to protien 40 g - i like it ! it made my stomache pretty unhappy the first week , but i got used to it . i cut out all unecessary snacking , drinking & sweets m thru f , and am eating a whole lot less and I lost 3 lbs in two weeks . sticking with it for sure . yeah , and lifting much harder at the gym .
 I have these shakes every morning and I do n't need to snack before lunch . I would highly recommend this product to my friends .
 I use this about once a week on average , mostly as a meal replacement , and partly for the protein etc. after workouts , and often to take to work . If you make it with milk , it makes a really thick shake , add a banana or peanut butter , or both , and the taste is even better , really great in fact , and the shake is even thicker . I now use about 1/2 milk and 1/2 water , and also add a banana to it . This is a shake to enjoy as a meal replacement , or after a grueling work out in addition to a meal an hour or two later . I 've used it both times . Well worth it for the daily meal replacement , if that is your intent , or an occasional shake for what ever reason you choose .
 Blend this with fruit , cold water , and ice cubes and you have dessert for dinner ! Great base flavor . Good without the added ingredients .
 I like this shake . I do n't like that it is REALLY thick even with .5 liters of water . The taste is better than most , so that 's okay . I think it does the job though . I have seen some results .
 Best price around and came quick . Exactly as expected . Would much rather buy on line than pay more at GNC
 Why pay big bucks or even $ 15-20 for reading glasses . I got these for my husband because he could not find the 2.25 strength anywhere else . We got 3 pairs of these for the price of 1 and they are great . The low-cost superstores have nothing on Amazon . I find what I want to buy , get the price and check here first ; they can usually beat the price .
 I bought the 2.75 Strength , Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these . They are my second pair of readers . The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader , 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two . Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen , reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat . I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable . These seem well-made and long-lasting as well -LRB- although I have had them for less time than the others -RRB- . Appearance-wise , these are the clear winners . The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton . With these , I am more Chuck Yeager . They are regular , full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However , for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage . These weigh 1.25 ounces . The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half ! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while . Granted , this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that , but the others have enough lens to do their job and , as mentioned , I can attest to their ability to take punishment . I do n't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not . Just that the others are * more * comfortable.Price is the last comparison , and the 4Readers win that one handily . They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions . If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them , it 's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $ 30 + Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions . This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand , but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian . I think when I 'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions . When I go out , I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends , family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is .
 After my cataract surgery , I can see perfectly close-up and far away , but my computer monitor was blurry . My doctor told me to get a low-power pair of reading glasses . I tried the drugstore , but all they have is `` half-eyes . '' These are full lenses and I can now see my email just fine .
 I needed an `` intermediate '' strength for computer work , as my current eyeglasses were either for distance -LRB- the top -RRB- or close-up reading -LRB- the bottom -RRB- . I was getting constant headache and neck strain from trying to tilt my head back and getting up close to the computer screen so I could focus through the reading portion of my bifocals . These intermediate strength lens -LRB- intermediate for me , that is -RRB- let me sit a very comfortable 18 inches from the screen and focus with no problem . What a great change !! Thanks for a very economical solution to a widespread problem .
 great glasses for the price which is about 1/3 the store price.i buy 2 different strengths because of the distance i sit at 2 different computers
 I have 12 pairs of readers in my home , one or two in every room . I have bought some from dollar stores -LRB- very cheap -RRB- and most from drugstores . These are superior to all and very well and strudy construction . They are also more stylish , easy to clean and comfortable , highly recommended and I will be buying more soon!Update
 These glasses are of a superior construction and design . I bought 3 pair and messed one up when I tried to bend them for a minimal adjustment . Just be careful when bending them at the hinge area , which was my fault . I am totally satisfied with them especially their optical quality of them being of the aspheric optical material .
 I 've got many pairs of reading glasses scattered all over the house . Have tried so many different styles/brands , I ca n't track them all . My pet peeve is the trend for smaller lenses . I had to have to move my head up or down while reading to keep the page in the field of view . These full-size lenses eliminate that . Some brands are just uncomfortable over time - too small . These fit well , are comfortable for hours of reading and I just like the spring hinges , not sure why.After using these for a couple of months , I just ordered 3 more pair and plan to toss out the others I have laying around . I 'll let my wife keep my pair of mini-readers in a tube in her purse for when we go to a restraunt and I have to read a menue . : -RRB- Gordon
 These do the trick , and they 're inexpensive enough that I can keep several around the house in every location where I may need to do close work .
 These were actually for my husband . He is very pleased with them . Also I should mention , they are quite sturdy . He has purchased glasses in the $ 100s of dallars that are n't as sturdy as these .
 I love these glasses . I ordered them in a 1.00 strength and they 're perfect for anywhere . The frames and lenses are very sturdy . They came very quickly !
 Fantastic , well made with plenty of view and a great look . I got a number of different magnifications to suite every need .
 Nice looking glasses with a quality feel . Better than almost all drug store glasses , and a lot cheaper than most .
 Price is right . This is a good product . Do n't see why I have to write more than I prefer to write .
 I absolutely love this set ! The knife is very easy to use . I mainly use it for chopping up fruits or vegetables , but it 's great to use on fish and other meat as well . The bowl is perfect for the shape of the ulu knife and keeps everything from falling out . I make guacamole in it all of the time and it makes it so easy . Would definitely recommend it to anyone .
 Now I know how it is that the Alaskan Indians for hundreds , perhaps thousands , of years comfortably surviving in that impossible climate . They are smarter than us.As one example , they developed this outrageously splendid kitchen tool that most of us still have not learned to appreciate . My wife bought ours fifteen years ago while we were visiting that fantastic State and I thought she was insane but since a disability prevents her continuing to cook I have learned to treasure it . It has an amazing number of uses and is almost fun to rock back and forth and see things happen . I have kept it diamond sharp with a few strokes on a steel after every use -- that may be excessive , I did not do it the first couple of years I used it -- but after learning to love it I want to make sure to preserve it . And to conclude , I ought a bunch to use as minor gifts and now am living in the loving glow of my kids and friends appreciation . -LRB- P.S. Super superb for people with arthritis -RRB-
 I have a ULU knife set -LRB- not this particular product , however -RRB- and use it almost daily to dice up chicken or fish for our cats in the morning . I like our ULU because it 's particularly useful for this particular task . I do n't have to touch the smelly meat , do n't burn my fingers holding things steady.I bought this particular ULU set for my 87-yr-old Mom . She has bad arthritis in her hands . She says she likes it and uses it often . I had occasion to use her ULU fairly recently and found it actually superior to the one we use at home . Her knife seemed sharper and more well-balanced than mine , and the cutting-bowl that came with her set seemed to accomodate a larger portion than the one we use at our home.If you do n't already have a ULU knife set -LRB- knife and chopping block -RRB- , get one ! You 'll be wondering how you ever managed kitchen-craft without this inexpensive tool .
 This is without a doubt the best and quickest chopping tool I have ever seen . It is very sharp though so be careful . I have given at least 10 of them as gifts . The curved chopping board is a great addition . Chopped items do n't fall off and it 's easy to scoop them out .
 this was a gift for my dad , who is a knife collector . he did not have an ulu . the ulu turned out to be a practical gift as well as filling in a spot in his collection . it turns out that this gift has made some of my fathers chopping and cutting easier in the kitchen . he has bad arthritus and he is a gourmet cook . this knife makes things easier for him too cook and for me too enjoy that cooking
 I received an Ulu knife as a gift and found it to be an essential tool for chopping anything in the kitchen . This knife makes making salsa a snap ! Now , I have purchased many as gifts who share in the joy and ease of using it as well . A must for any wedding gift !
 I gave this as a gift for a new bride . I have one similar to this and use it often rather than pull out a chopper and it works beautifully . Hope she enjoys hers as much as I do mine .
 Why pay big bucks or even $ 15-20 for reading glasses . I got these for my husband because he could not find the 2.25 strength anywhere else . We got 3 pairs of these for the price of 1 and they are great . The low-cost superstores have nothing on Amazon . I find what I want to buy , get the price and check here first ; they can usually beat the price .
 I bought the 2.75 Strength , Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these . They are my second pair of readers . The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader , 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two . Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen , reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat . I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable . These seem well-made and long-lasting as well -LRB- although I have had them for less time than the others -RRB- . Appearance-wise , these are the clear winners . The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton . With these , I am more Chuck Yeager . They are regular , full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However , for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage . These weigh 1.25 ounces . The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half ! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while . Granted , this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that , but the others have enough lens to do their job and , as mentioned , I can attest to their ability to take punishment . I do n't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not . Just that the others are * more * comfortable.Price is the last comparison , and the 4Readers win that one handily . They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions . If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them , it 's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $ 30 + Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions . This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand , but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian . I think when I 'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions . When I go out , I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends , family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is .
 After my cataract surgery , I can see perfectly close-up and far away , but my computer monitor was blurry . My doctor told me to get a low-power pair of reading glasses . I tried the drugstore , but all they have is `` half-eyes . '' These are full lenses and I can now see my email just fine .
 I needed an `` intermediate '' strength for computer work , as my current eyeglasses were either for distance -LRB- the top -RRB- or close-up reading -LRB- the bottom -RRB- . I was getting constant headache and neck strain from trying to tilt my head back and getting up close to the computer screen so I could focus through the reading portion of my bifocals . These intermediate strength lens -LRB- intermediate for me , that is -RRB- let me sit a very comfortable 18 inches from the screen and focus with no problem . What a great change !! Thanks for a very economical solution to a widespread problem .
 great glasses for the price which is about 1/3 the store price.i buy 2 different strengths because of the distance i sit at 2 different computers
 I have 12 pairs of readers in my home , one or two in every room . I have bought some from dollar stores -LRB- very cheap -RRB- and most from drugstores . These are superior to all and very well and strudy construction . They are also more stylish , easy to clean and comfortable , highly recommended and I will be buying more soon!Update
 These glasses are of a superior construction and design . I bought 3 pair and messed one up when I tried to bend them for a minimal adjustment . Just be careful when bending them at the hinge area , which was my fault . I am totally satisfied with them especially their optical quality of them being of the aspheric optical material .
 Got these for my better half who keeps losing/breaking his readers . These last as long as prescription readers and are certainly less expensive to replace !
 I 've got many pairs of reading glasses scattered all over the house . Have tried so many different styles/brands , I ca n't track them all . My pet peeve is the trend for smaller lenses . I had to have to move my head up or down while reading to keep the page in the field of view . These full-size lenses eliminate that . Some brands are just uncomfortable over time - too small . These fit well , are comfortable for hours of reading and I just like the spring hinges , not sure why.After using these for a couple of months , I just ordered 3 more pair and plan to toss out the others I have laying around . I 'll let my wife keep my pair of mini-readers in a tube in her purse for when we go to a restraunt and I have to read a menue . : -RRB- Gordon
 These do the trick , and they 're inexpensive enough that I can keep several around the house in every location where I may need to do close work .
 These were actually for my husband . He is very pleased with them . Also I should mention , they are quite sturdy . He has purchased glasses in the $ 100s of dallars that are n't as sturdy as these .
 I love these glasses . I ordered them in a 1.00 strength and they 're perfect for anywhere . The frames and lenses are very sturdy . They came very quickly !
 Fantastic , well made with plenty of view and a great look . I got a number of different magnifications to suite every need .
 Nice looking glasses with a quality feel . Better than almost all drug store glasses , and a lot cheaper than most .
 Arrived on time and easy to use . Would purchase again . The local vet office uses this as well , so I know I 'm getting a good product .
 This is probably a life-time supply of gel for your ultrasound device ! Great price and works as advertised .
 I love these glasses . I ordered them in a 1.00 strength and they 're perfect for anywhere . The frames and lenses are very sturdy . They came very quickly !
 Fantastic , well made with plenty of view and a great look . I got a number of different magnifications to suite every need .
 Nice looking glasses with a quality feel . Better than almost all drug store glasses , and a lot cheaper than most .
 Why pay big bucks or even $ 15-20 for reading glasses . I got these for my husband because he could not find the 2.25 strength anywhere else . We got 3 pairs of these for the price of 1 and they are great . The low-cost superstores have nothing on Amazon . I find what I want to buy , get the price and check here first ; they can usually beat the price .
 I bought the 2.75 Strength , Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these . They are my second pair of readers . The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader , 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two . Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen , reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat . I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable . These seem well-made and long-lasting as well -LRB- although I have had them for less time than the others -RRB- . Appearance-wise , these are the clear winners . The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton . With these , I am more Chuck Yeager . They are regular , full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However , for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage . These weigh 1.25 ounces . The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half ! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while . Granted , this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that , but the others have enough lens to do their job and , as mentioned , I can attest to their ability to take punishment . I do n't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not . Just that the others are * more * comfortable.Price is the last comparison , and the 4Readers win that one handily . They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions . If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them , it 's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $ 30 + Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions . This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand , but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian . I think when I 'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions . When I go out , I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends , family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is .
 After my cataract surgery , I can see perfectly close-up and far away , but my computer monitor was blurry . My doctor told me to get a low-power pair of reading glasses . I tried the drugstore , but all they have is `` half-eyes . '' These are full lenses and I can now see my email just fine .
 I needed an `` intermediate '' strength for computer work , as my current eyeglasses were either for distance -LRB- the top -RRB- or close-up reading -LRB- the bottom -RRB- . I was getting constant headache and neck strain from trying to tilt my head back and getting up close to the computer screen so I could focus through the reading portion of my bifocals . These intermediate strength lens -LRB- intermediate for me , that is -RRB- let me sit a very comfortable 18 inches from the screen and focus with no problem . What a great change !! Thanks for a very economical solution to a widespread problem .
 great glasses for the price which is about 1/3 the store price.i buy 2 different strengths because of the distance i sit at 2 different computers
 I have 12 pairs of readers in my home , one or two in every room . I have bought some from dollar stores -LRB- very cheap -RRB- and most from drugstores . These are superior to all and very well and strudy construction . They are also more stylish , easy to clean and comfortable , highly recommended and I will be buying more soon!Update
 These glasses are of a superior construction and design . I bought 3 pair and messed one up when I tried to bend them for a minimal adjustment . Just be careful when bending them at the hinge area , which was my fault . I am totally satisfied with them especially their optical quality of them being of the aspheric optical material .
 I 've got many pairs of reading glasses scattered all over the house . Have tried so many different styles/brands , I ca n't track them all . My pet peeve is the trend for smaller lenses . I had to have to move my head up or down while reading to keep the page in the field of view . These full-size lenses eliminate that . Some brands are just uncomfortable over time - too small . These fit well , are comfortable for hours of reading and I just like the spring hinges , not sure why.After using these for a couple of months , I just ordered 3 more pair and plan to toss out the others I have laying around . I 'll let my wife keep my pair of mini-readers in a tube in her purse for when we go to a restraunt and I have to read a menue . : -RRB- Gordon
 These do the trick , and they 're inexpensive enough that I can keep several around the house in every location where I may need to do close work .
 These were actually for my husband . He is very pleased with them . Also I should mention , they are quite sturdy . He has purchased glasses in the $ 100s of dallars that are n't as sturdy as these .
 I 've used my Trigger Wheel for a few weeks now , and I love it . It can really get into the smaller muscle groups . It 's great for getting pinpoint pressure that other tools do n't provide.For larger muscle groups , I use `` The Stick '' -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I use both , depending on the need .
 I tend toward high-intensity workouts -LRB- bjj , muay thai , olympics , sprint work , & heavy plyo -RRB- . I have a series of knots on my neck that pop up after really good workouts or if I get into an awkward position . It 's probably a pinched nerve . Small knots on the right side of my upper back , bigger ones through my right trap towards my shoulder blade , then serious knots that work its way up my neck towards the base of my skull.The trigger wheel is the first device that I 've used that has helped this spot . The wheel is n't magic . The knots do n't disappear immediately , but there is a noticeable decrease in pain and recovery time . The ` pinch ' goes away almost immediately after using it ... I get that nice warm feeling on the pain points that tells me the blood is flowing and that I have range of motion back.If you have muscle pain in awkward spots that you ca n't get to with the stick or foam roller this is a nice little addition to your recovery arsenal . For the amount of relief , I think twenty-five bucks is plenty fair .
 This thing is a great addition for any athlete or anyone with muscles . The head itself is nice and firm but has a rubber coating that makes it just the right hardness , and the thickness is really perfect . But there 's lots of massage tools on Amazon . The difference with this one is the rolling head . The other simple plastic nubs can only either hold direct pressure on one point . Dragging it will just yank your skin and if you oil up you might be able to move them around for deep strokes but they will probably slip too much . This one is perfect because you can grab it any time and roll it on your skin deep into muscles . But you can also get that ` static ' pressure massage if you pinch the base of the roller holding the wheel steady , or dragging perpendicular to the wheel if you want to glide some skin and upper fascia around . So it 's almost like two tools in one that you can switch simply by pinching your thumb.I go deep into muscle knots like this , but another really useful thing to do is to ` carve ' along muscle lines to break up adhesions . A good example is if you can feel the edges of your IT band , run this guy along those grooves like a pizza cutter to really free up that band . It 's great for small corners like around the knee cap , between your metatarsals , forearm muscles , and jaw . I love this thing , I might get a second one . You 'll still want something for broader massage and to hit your back . I like lying on a lacrosse ball the best . I have the stick , too , which is good for behind the legs , but it 's not at ` surgical ' as this or the lacrosse ball .
 It works , helps get into smaller places . Though I wonder how long the outer grommet on the wheel will last .
 So far , I like my Stick better , and my roller . Perhaps I will learn to use this better and like it too .
 WOW what a wonderful tool , received it in a timely manner , priced right , was well wrapped , would buy again from this seller , thank you for the trigger
 The Trigger Wheel is a good way for athletes and active people to deactivate trigger points that often cause pain and interfere with muscle performance .
 As spirulina goes , Earthrise tastes fine . I 've compared different brands , and this is DEFINITELY one of the better ones , in terms of flavor . And it is one of the safest . Earthrise is grown in California , apparently is monitored very carefully to screen out pollutants , and is far away from Japan . I used to use spirulina grown in Hawaiian ocean water , but since the nuclear accident , anything grown in the Pacific ocean might not be safe . Earthrise is grown inland , and 6,000 miles away from Japan .
 Tastes great and gives you a burst of energy . Six of the small tablets give you 7,000 IU of vitamin A as beta-carotene and 2 grams of protein . This is by far the best brand of Spirulina that I have ever taken.Keep up the good work Earthrise.Michael
 Earthrise Californian Spirulina has a great fresh taste , it 's super dark green-blue color makes it feels it 's 100 % pure . I have it every morning mixed with rice milk , and it keeps me energized the entire day . I recomend , for $ 33.00 is a great deal for this amazing food!Earthrise Spirulina Natural , 454 Grams Powder
 Yes , I agree . These little green -LRB- chewable -RRB- tablets are a great supplement and Amazon beats all the competition on cost AND delivery ! -LRB- Subscribe and Save is your best deal.NOTE ADDED on 2-5-12
 Our local health food store called the Spirulina ` brain food ' . Shortly after taking the recommended amount , I can tell that I have an edge in alertness and concentration . All this without any side effects . I am happy with this supplement . Really good stuff!I checked all over the place on price , and Amazon has the best deal and the speediest service .
 I take these to work with me if I forget to bring some snacks and suck on them like candy lozenges . I 'd advise not chewing them as they stick to your teeth like cement.This is the ONLY brand of spirulina I 've ever found to be palatable . Not only palatable , but GOOD !
 I 'm taking them to detoxify my body of harmful toxins . They work very well . I feel more energized in the mornings .
 Nothing gives me more confidence that I 'm eating well on the road than Earthrise Spirulina tabs - they are the best !
 The powder form of Earthrise spirulina is much cheaper per serving than their tablets but , as with all pure spirulina , it tastes quite bad .
 Been taking this for years just one tablet per day . It will perk your interest in being productive which will last for quite a while.To purchase at the local stores it is over fourteen dollars a pop , that is a bit on the steep side . With the online store it is nice to find a price and service that wo n't let you down that also has free shipping included . &#9788; Natural Balance Extra Strength Guarana , 60-Count
 This pill as a regular healthy coffee drinker -LRB- 2 cups day -RRB- is kinda like two red bulls . . long lasting , but keep inmind , EAT something , it can burn your tummy , its high acid.I also HIGHLY refer you not to take this , if yourANXIETY prone , from anything from PMS to high stress . . itcauses some wild bouts of anxiety , so take 1/2 and see howyou like it.its not even close to a coffee buzz . . its totallya body buzz ... great for work outs , long trips . . long nights . . oh and what comes up , must come down . . head achy , can happen , next day .
 Ettore squeegees are the only kind I will purchase now . Their rubber inserts are excellent and stand up to years of use . I use it to squeegee the glass and other surfaces after showering to prevent hard water buildups -LRB- we have exceptionally hard water in my city -RRB- .
 I started taking this vitamin for my nails and it works great ... they have stopped splitting and my nails have never been so strong . I have not really noticed my hair getting any stonger but it does grow faster . The only downside is the terrible smell ... I have to hold my breath when taking the vitamin but for me it 's worth it . I wouild recommend as a daily multi-vitamin .
 I started taking Futurebiotics Hair Skin & Nails Vitamins last year , following a life-threatening bout of septicemia , after which my hair started falling out at an alarming rate . Within three weeks of starting the vitamins I had thousands of small new hairs growing in all over my scalp . And my nails are beautiful and strong , healthly and natural . Even my dry , flaky skin has greatly improved . No more embarrassing flakes everywhere . And as an added benefit , this multi-vitamin compares favorably to the best brands on the market , and Amazon offers them at the lowest price .
 I 've taken this product 2 weeks ago , under nutritional prescription . My skin turned soft and velvet ; my nails grew stronger , and my hair is shining like never did !
 Some of the reviews here are unfair . With vitamins of this type , it usually takes a few months -LRB- plural -RRB- to see results with you hair . This is a supplement , meaning that it is meant to supplement deficiencies in your diet . If someone is experiencing increased hair-shedding , hair loss , or slower than usual growth , then they need to consult a doctor because it could be something else -LRB- i.e. birth control , stress , a weight loss diet ... -RRB- contributing to the hair problems . Honestly , if something is affecting your hair there is probably more going on , on your inside so get checked out.This vitamin works very well for me . I switched to another brand for 6 months and really wish that I had n't . I only switched brands because the competitor was offering a buy an X-month supply , get X months free deal -LRB- and yes , I still wish I stayed loyal to Futurebiotics -RRB- . I am not an expert on vitamins by any means , but I really feel when compared to all others I have tried , my body ABSORBS this blend of vitamins better -LRB- a vitamin is not any good if your body does not absorb it . Prior to this , I would only take powdered supplements but those tend to include excess calories -RRB- . I feel that this vitamin helped contribute to my hair growth from a short pixie cut to shoulder length in less than one year . It also helped combat the post-partum shedding I experienced after I stopped nursing . Unfortunately , in the last few months , my growth rate has slowed -LRB- uncommon for me in the summer -RRB- . I discussed my growth rate with my doctor at my annual physical/labs last month . My labs revealed in an iron and vitamin D deficiency -LRB- both in this supplement , not 100 % though -RRB- . My doctor encouraged me to switch back to my previous supplement -LRB- this -RRB- and add an additional supplement of vitamin D.This supplement includes horsetail , which is great for growth . The B group - which is great for not only growth but energy metabolism as well . Vitamin D -LRB- helps support bone health , mood -RRB- . This is a quality hair vitamin , that also works as a multi-vitamin . This is only my opinion , and yes I really feel people should consult their doctor first ... but I feel these vitamins work very well and I will continue taking these for as long as they are made .
 this worked wonders for my nails ; got them very hard that i sometimes even hurt myself with them lol they are my own personal weapons.as for my hair and skin i didnt really notice a difference . its been like 2 months
 These vitamins are wonderful . If you take the recommended three pills a day , the results are terrific . While my hair seemed shinier , the more noticeable results were my nails growth and strength and the vibrancy in my skin . I would take these for the effects to my skin alone .
 I just recieved my product yesterday today is my first day on them I will be taking 3x daily on empty stomach as directed by my physician . I will update my review within the next couple of weeks stay tuned .
 Great product that really does make nails longer , hair healthier and skin brighter . While I have seem small improvements in my hair and nails , I have noticed the most improvement in my skin . My face seems brighter with a more even skin tone . It makes me reconsider wearing makeup . While I do n't enjoy having to take three a day , there a great nutrients packed in the vitamins and I feel good about what I 'm putting in my body and what I 'm getting out of it .
 I took this tablets for 2 months exactly . Did n't see any difference in my nails , but they always were strong and fast growing . Did n't have any problems with the skin , so again did not notice anything new . But my hair , oh well . . I have long hair , and after pregnancy 2 years ago it was n't growing at all almost and i 'm trying to grow back my natural color . After this tablets my hair grew twice as fast as before if not more ! I 'm very happy with that and i 'm buying more now ! Wow , that is impressive !
 I love these supplements so much ... My new growth is out of this world with such short time ... The only reason I have it 4 stars instead of five because it did nothing for my mails ails maybe because I had on acrylic but it still did n't stop the nail breakage before that ... Also I think it made me breakout which I 'm acne prone
 these are some really good vitamins and they do really help.i would recommend these to any one who needs a little help with their vitamin intake .
 this product work so good i would recommend this product ... i seen my hair growing in two weeks i seen the different
 I just received them , i will be taking them 3x per along with biotin 2x per day . I wash and condition my hair once a week . Today is my 1st day taking them and my scalp has this tingling feeling to it , so i hope that means it 's working i will be taking them with food since there pretty big and hard for me to swallow . I 'll update my review in two weeks with results if any.Ok , these definitely work , it 's been two weeks and my hair has grown half an inch , i never had a problem with my skill so i have n't noticed a difference , and my nails have grown . I only took this for my hair , I 've just ordered my second bottle . So far so good , I 'll update this again when my first bottles done .
 Love those vitamins.They may be a bit difficult to swallow and they have a weird smell , but they work for me.My hair stoped falling and my nails are starting to grow.The only side effect is the color of the urine , it 's almost green , but it does n't really matter to me.I will recommend these vitamins .
 These vitamins are really amazing ! This is my third bottle and my hair has become thicker and grows much faster . My nails are much stronger as well . Highly recommended .
 a friend of mines told me about these pills shes told me that they make her hair grow 4 inches in one month i could n't believe it . so i went to gnc where she buys them and they were like $ 40 !!! i was n't going to buy them at that price going by one persons reaction to them so i checked on here . . GREAT PRICE . worth the risk . THEY ARE AMAZING !!!! they have made my nails 100x stronger -LRB- i have brittle weak nails -RRB- and my hair has grown very fast i usually get a hair cut every month and its been 2 weeks since my last cut and i already need one . . well worth that risk i took !!!
 This is the only vitamin I can honestly say has done for me what the bottle said it would.I started using this to help with breakouts . Shortly after taking it my acne went away , now I only breakout once a month and it disappears shortly afterward . My hair and nails also grow noticeably faster -LRB- as one reviewer has stated , that is unfortunately ALL of your hair lol -RRB- . Recently I ran out and did n't purchase any right away , big mistake . I broke out in three places shortly afterward and my skin has been horribly dry . A testament to the product : -RRB-
 I have been using multiple different brands of Hair , skin and nails and I can truly say that `` FutureBiotics '' gave instant results . The instructions are to take 3 tabs a day but I only took two a day . In june I got a hair cut and by July I needed another hair cut . As for my nails , Awesome !! I usually wear my nails short but with FB I allowed my nails to grow and they maintained their length.I went to shop for some at `` PennHerb Co. '' and they were sold out . I called today and they are still out of stock . They say a lot of folks love `` FutureBiotics '' and it does it 's job . I love that it has multiple vitamins so that way I do n't have to buy 2 or more bottles of bottles to go along with FB . Everyone is different but it worked for me . Nature 's Bounty brand is out the door Future Biotics is in .
 These tablets really work for me . I have thin slightly curly hair that is hard to grow out , as well as having difficult with growing out my nails , but using this I can visably see the difference in my hair and nail growth .
 This multivitamin is fantastic . After taking the three tablets daily , I saw my fingernails and hair grow more quickly and strongly as well as a radiance in my skin .
 Like all vitamins you ca n't just take it for a week and have everything grow like weeds . It take closer to six weeks to really kick in . Often one of the first things I notice is the feeling of new hair growth at the scalp when I run my fingers through my hair .
 I 've been using these vitamins for over a month and they seem to be working pretty well . Both my hair and my nails are growing back faster than ever . Ladies if you have a lot body hair prepare to shave at least twice a week .
 Bought this on the dr 's recommendation . It has Biotin in it which is good for the hair which I also take in addition . Too soon to see any results .
 I 've been using this product for several months now . I 'm not sure I see any results of my hair growing as I would like . My skin surely benefits from using this product . I will continue to use it for my acne prone skin .
 It really helps the hair grow fast and helps keeps it from breakage.and lustrous and healthy i love this prouduct and will alwayz order it i like skin vita mins especially for the skin to.keeP it looking younger
 I have struggled my whole life with soft nails which crack and split as soon as they begin to grow ; consequently , I 've always looked like a nail-biter though I do n't bite my nails . My daughter suggested I try a hair , skin and nails vitamin so I halfheartedly agreed and began taking Futurebiotics Hair , Skin and Nails . In less than a month I was thrilled to notice that my nails were all growing with not a split or crack in sight ; in fact , they were quite hard . It 's been two months now and I have pretty , strong nails that I can polish and feel proud of , instead of being embarrassed about . My skin seems better , too ... when my sister saw me at a family reunion last week she said my skin looks like that of person in her 30 's -LRB- I 'm almost 60 -RRB- . I highly recommend this product and will continue taking it . I do n't have any problem with the smell , as do some other reviewers .
 Great Product and also a great buy as well.The use of biotin is recommended in my e-book . Biotin is an essential natural nutrient forboth skin and hair . This product is a wonderfulproduct to use for a good biotin supplement.A good solid well-known brand as well.-Diana Neiderhiser -LRB- Author -RRB-
 Great product . I 've been getting it and will continue to order it . It works great and always arrives on time
 Whenever my nails become brittle and can no longer grow correctly I take this product or any other product like this , ... There all the same just different prices . This one seems to be the best deal . My nails start growing great and my hair grows like a weed . Love it
 I have been taking them religiously , and it seems to make my hair look nicer and strong . Seems they are working well .
 This stuff works it has helped me lose weight . I havnt been able to lose weight for two years . I saw this in eat right for your blood type diet for type o so I tried it and it works .
 I saw bladderwrack listed in the blood type diet book for Type O and have been taking it for years ever since then . I have n't noticed any weight loss -LRB- like some of the other reviewers -RRB- but I 've got a small frame and do n't really need that . What I do need it for is to keep my PMS symptoms at bay . Whenever I stop taking it I get a killer 2-day headache related to my menstrual cycle.I 've tried other brands over the years but this one seems to work the best . The Eclectic Institute bladderwrack seems to be getting harder to find in the stores -LRB- and it never did seem like a common item in health food stores -RRB- . So glad Amazon carries it .
 I have been using this product for the last two years and I still use it . I really can see an improvementswith my weight lost , but it did not happened overnight . It has taken three years and I highly recommend this if you want to lose weight along with a change in your diet and exercising .
 The scent is very pleasing , since it smells like a certain perfume , that I ca n't remember right now .
 You get quite a lot for the price , and the smell is quite pleasing . I have burned much incense , and for the price you can not beat this .
 Truly a great deal on awesome Opium Incense . I like all things made by Auric Blends .
 I started taking this first , then the red . This does n't taste bad , but I like the taste of the red better . I use both , they both make me feel better . I have more energy . I know when I miss a day .
 Why pay big bucks or even $ 15-20 for reading glasses . I got these for my husband because he could not find the 2.25 strength anywhere else . We got 3 pairs of these for the price of 1 and they are great . The low-cost superstores have nothing on Amazon . I find what I want to buy , get the price and check here first ; they can usually beat the price .
 I bought the 2.75 Strength , Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these . They are my second pair of readers . The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader , 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two . Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen , reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat . I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable . These seem well-made and long-lasting as well -LRB- although I have had them for less time than the others -RRB- . Appearance-wise , these are the clear winners . The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton . With these , I am more Chuck Yeager . They are regular , full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However , for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage . These weigh 1.25 ounces . The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half ! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while . Granted , this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that , but the others have enough lens to do their job and , as mentioned , I can attest to their ability to take punishment . I do n't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not . Just that the others are * more * comfortable.Price is the last comparison , and the 4Readers win that one handily . They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions . If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them , it 's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $ 30 + Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions . This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand , but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian . I think when I 'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions . When I go out , I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends , family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is .
 After my cataract surgery , I can see perfectly close-up and far away , but my computer monitor was blurry . My doctor told me to get a low-power pair of reading glasses . I tried the drugstore , but all they have is `` half-eyes . '' These are full lenses and I can now see my email just fine .
 I needed an `` intermediate '' strength for computer work , as my current eyeglasses were either for distance -LRB- the top -RRB- or close-up reading -LRB- the bottom -RRB- . I was getting constant headache and neck strain from trying to tilt my head back and getting up close to the computer screen so I could focus through the reading portion of my bifocals . These intermediate strength lens -LRB- intermediate for me , that is -RRB- let me sit a very comfortable 18 inches from the screen and focus with no problem . What a great change !! Thanks for a very economical solution to a widespread problem .
 great glasses for the price which is about 1/3 the store price.i buy 2 different strengths because of the distance i sit at 2 different computers
 I have 12 pairs of readers in my home , one or two in every room . I have bought some from dollar stores -LRB- very cheap -RRB- and most from drugstores . These are superior to all and very well and strudy construction . They are also more stylish , easy to clean and comfortable , highly recommended and I will be buying more soon!Update
 These glasses are of a superior construction and design . I bought 3 pair and messed one up when I tried to bend them for a minimal adjustment . Just be careful when bending them at the hinge area , which was my fault . I am totally satisfied with them especially their optical quality of them being of the aspheric optical material .
 Got these for my better half who keeps losing/breaking his readers . These last as long as prescription readers and are certainly less expensive to replace !
 I 've got many pairs of reading glasses scattered all over the house . Have tried so many different styles/brands , I ca n't track them all . My pet peeve is the trend for smaller lenses . I had to have to move my head up or down while reading to keep the page in the field of view . These full-size lenses eliminate that . Some brands are just uncomfortable over time - too small . These fit well , are comfortable for hours of reading and I just like the spring hinges , not sure why.After using these for a couple of months , I just ordered 3 more pair and plan to toss out the others I have laying around . I 'll let my wife keep my pair of mini-readers in a tube in her purse for when we go to a restraunt and I have to read a menue . : -RRB- Gordon
 These do the trick , and they 're inexpensive enough that I can keep several around the house in every location where I may need to do close work .
 These were actually for my husband . He is very pleased with them . Also I should mention , they are quite sturdy . He has purchased glasses in the $ 100s of dallars that are n't as sturdy as these .
 I love these glasses . I ordered them in a 1.00 strength and they 're perfect for anywhere . The frames and lenses are very sturdy . They came very quickly !
 Fantastic , well made with plenty of view and a great look . I got a number of different magnifications to suite every need .
 Nice looking glasses with a quality feel . Better than almost all drug store glasses , and a lot cheaper than most .
 If you want to stop smoking this works well . I continued using these patches for MANY months -LRB- about 7months -RRB- after the directions told me I should get off of them . I believe this is what made the product work for me . I initially followed the recommended timetable but strongly felt the urge to start smoking again during the stepdowns to the weaker patches . I decided that going back to smoking was much worse for my health than continuing the use of these nicotine patches until I was good and ready to give them up . I figured the patches only have transdermal nicotine ... whereas cigarette smoke has even more nicotine as well as hundreds of chemicals which are inhaled.I saved a lot of money over the months by cutting the 21mg patches down as I very slowly stepped down to the lower doses ... first into halves and then into quarters for as long as I needed to . -LRB- You can also save a bundle of dough by purchasing the generic patches made by Safeway grocery stores ... they are identical to these and even somewhat more comfortable to wear as the plastic is softer on the skin . -RRB- I always got a slight ache and some redness when I put the patches on my arms or legs ... I discovered the best place to wear them is your back ... alternating sides each day you use them.One fine day I did n't need a patch anymore !!! I have n't smoked for over a year and smokers and cigarette smoke now give me serious nausea . It is hard for me to believe I ever smoked ! -LRB- I smoked 1.5 packs a day for 30 years ! -RRB- It is real pleasure to breathe and taste and smell again as well as to wear gorgeous perfumes which I buy with the money I save from being addiction-free ! It is a self-esteem booster to kick this habit too ! So many benefits!Good luck , make your own timetable and persevere for as long as it takes you to no longer need nicotine ... it is 100 % worth it !
 I have been using the patch for about a month now and I love these !! I was hesitant about trying a lesser-known brand but I wanted to save money , considering I did not know if they would even work . The best part is they DO . If you are serious about quitting smoking then you should have no problem doing so on these . I started with the step 1 and stepped down sooner than prescribed -- I would recommend doing it exactly as directed because it was a struggle . As an added note
 These are great . These are the first patches I have tried . I tried lozenges but they hurt my stomach and I tried gum , but found it kind of gross . A constant flow of nicotine is great ! Way better than cigarettes for sure ! These stay on great , no itching and I have had very little withdrawal symptoms . After showering the patches kind of start to come loose , but I just keep patting it down on my skin , eventually it dries out and sticks again . I bought mine from my local drugstore though , they were a little cheaper , sometimes were on sale and I had coupons.After smoking for 8 years , and in the past couple years , a pack a day , I put my patch on March 1st . I have not had a single puff since . -LRB- 36 days . -RRB- After a month , I cut the patch in half and just wore 10.5 mg . They still stay on perfectly fine ! I bought medical tape thinking I 'd need it to hold it on , but have n't needed it yet . I plan to cut down to a 1/4th of patch when I feel ready . The say you should n't cut them down , but I do n't see why you ca n't . It 's working for me!Once they are on your body though , they can not be peeled off and restuck on . I did n't realize this and ended up throwing one away . But if you had medical tape you could just tape it on I would assume.Also what really helped me is a free online pdf book called `` Never Take Another Puff '' . I STRONGLY suggest it .
 I smoke 1.5 to 2 pack a day for 14 years . -LRB- since i was 16 - now I am 30 . -RRB- Im a cheap and got 4 free patches from a buddy -LRB- 2 of my buddies quit using these patches too -RRB- - Transdermal brand . So instead of going on the 6 week program I went on my own 4 day program with these patches . I had 1 - 21mg and 3-14mg patches.It really works . what I did was for the first 2 weeks I hid from everyone i knew who smoked . I know that sounds drastic , but its true and it worked for me . I told myself , do not replace this habit with any other habits -LRB- ie . chew gum or eat candy -RRB- . So I just stayed home and became a hermit for a couple weeks . after the 3rd week the urges have subsided and it has gotten alot easier . i am in the end of 6th week and to be honest I dont have a urge for a cig anymore . In fact I can even watch other my buddies smoke and its no biggie.These patches do work , but it also has to do with will power ! Just remember it gets easier after week 3 + + . About the patches it self , the bad thing is that it does not stick onto your body for a full 24 hour period . i used tape to hold it down after the 10th to 12 hour.Good luck !
 Bought these for my Mom , she 's 50 and smoked since she was 14 ; with the application of the first patch my Mom has been smoke free . I never thought this would be possible . Please , if you are thinking about quitting smoking do so ; whether you purchase these or nor quit , however I can tell you that these will make it easier .
 I bought the Step 1 twice because it was very effective for my husband . Now , he almost stops smoking.He thinks this one is better than other brands ` smoking aid he used before . Great product ! Thanks a lot !
 I have used both the Habitrol prescription patches and the over the counter patches . The prescription seem to be more effective . With the prescription patches , all `` cravings '' ceased with the application of the first patch .
 This is an aid , you still have to change habits associated with smoking and really want to Quit . It wo n't make you quit but certainly will help if you have additional support and commitment . GOOD LUCK
 I smoked and chewed for 17 years . I tried cold turkey and the gum . The gum helped me limit my intake , but I could n't quit altogether . The patches work , and if you 're a heavy user the $ 65/month saves $ $ as well .
 As long as you use a shaved area , where the skin does n't fold -LRB- i.e. upper arm , upper back -RRB- you 'll be good . It does leave a red mark , but it only lasts a day or so . Been smoke-free for 1 week , 4 days thanks to these patches .
 goodgoodgoodvgoodgoodgoodgoodgooddfgrefewfewf ...
 These helped me get through the pardon the pun rough patches . White knuckeling did n't work But these got me where i needed to be .
 At first I was n't sure about the whole patch thing but now i 'm glad i did . i did notice that the patch works better on my upper arms / shoulder . I do n't smell funky anymore & I did n't get bronchitis this winter . I used the patch longer than recomended . But I made sure my doctor was aware . The long run it 's cheaper than cigs , your lungs are much happier & people wo n't smell you before walking into a room
 Worked very good but was very irritating to my skin no matter where I placed the patch . I have sensitive skin so it might just be me but it did make my skin itchy and red .
 i got this for my husband back in Jan. 2012 and now , almost 10 months later , not only does he not smoke anymore , even being around cigarettes makes him feel nauseated
 The Product is fantastic just as described and is a fantastic steal at this price . However I cant `` really '' complain about the packaging because the product is virtually unbreakable and I got free shipping however it would be nice to get the box intact and not completely squished . However product is just as described . A + + + + + + on value and product quality especially versus competitors like Nicoderm . Highly recommend to anybody looking for that extra edge to help you quit !!!! And Congrats on the amazing decision to change your life and well-being !!!!
 Flea Relief works well as a natural alternative to the drugs now on the market . For pet owners who want to keep their pets flea-free without using harsh chemical products .
 I have used this product before after a beach trip and the rotties came home with fles . It worked great !!!!! I needed it again this year and was so happy after not finding in the stores to see it on amazon . It works , but not over night but there is no harmful chemicals like the commercial ones that effect nerves of the flees so what does it do to my dog ? Try it ! I also tried the out door power/spray and it work great
 Why pay big bucks or even $ 15-20 for reading glasses . I got these for my husband because he could not find the 2.25 strength anywhere else . We got 3 pairs of these for the price of 1 and they are great . The low-cost superstores have nothing on Amazon . I find what I want to buy , get the price and check here first ; they can usually beat the price .
 I bought the 2.75 Strength , Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these . They are my second pair of readers . The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader , 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two . Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen , reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat . I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable . These seem well-made and long-lasting as well -LRB- although I have had them for less time than the others -RRB- . Appearance-wise , these are the clear winners . The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton . With these , I am more Chuck Yeager . They are regular , full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However , for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage . These weigh 1.25 ounces . The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half ! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while . Granted , this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that , but the others have enough lens to do their job and , as mentioned , I can attest to their ability to take punishment . I do n't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not . Just that the others are * more * comfortable.Price is the last comparison , and the 4Readers win that one handily . They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions . If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them , it 's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $ 30 + Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions . This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand , but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian . I think when I 'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions . When I go out , I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends , family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is .
 After my cataract surgery , I can see perfectly close-up and far away , but my computer monitor was blurry . My doctor told me to get a low-power pair of reading glasses . I tried the drugstore , but all they have is `` half-eyes . '' These are full lenses and I can now see my email just fine .
 I needed an `` intermediate '' strength for computer work , as my current eyeglasses were either for distance -LRB- the top -RRB- or close-up reading -LRB- the bottom -RRB- . I was getting constant headache and neck strain from trying to tilt my head back and getting up close to the computer screen so I could focus through the reading portion of my bifocals . These intermediate strength lens -LRB- intermediate for me , that is -RRB- let me sit a very comfortable 18 inches from the screen and focus with no problem . What a great change !! Thanks for a very economical solution to a widespread problem .
 great glasses for the price which is about 1/3 the store price.i buy 2 different strengths because of the distance i sit at 2 different computers
 I have 12 pairs of readers in my home , one or two in every room . I have bought some from dollar stores -LRB- very cheap -RRB- and most from drugstores . These are superior to all and very well and strudy construction . They are also more stylish , easy to clean and comfortable , highly recommended and I will be buying more soon!Update
 These glasses are of a superior construction and design . I bought 3 pair and messed one up when I tried to bend them for a minimal adjustment . Just be careful when bending them at the hinge area , which was my fault . I am totally satisfied with them especially their optical quality of them being of the aspheric optical material .
 Got these for my better half who keeps losing/breaking his readers . These last as long as prescription readers and are certainly less expensive to replace !
 I 've got many pairs of reading glasses scattered all over the house . Have tried so many different styles/brands , I ca n't track them all . My pet peeve is the trend for smaller lenses . I had to have to move my head up or down while reading to keep the page in the field of view . These full-size lenses eliminate that . Some brands are just uncomfortable over time - too small . These fit well , are comfortable for hours of reading and I just like the spring hinges , not sure why.After using these for a couple of months , I just ordered 3 more pair and plan to toss out the others I have laying around . I 'll let my wife keep my pair of mini-readers in a tube in her purse for when we go to a restraunt and I have to read a menue . : -RRB- Gordon
 These do the trick , and they 're inexpensive enough that I can keep several around the house in every location where I may need to do close work .
 These were actually for my husband . He is very pleased with them . Also I should mention , they are quite sturdy . He has purchased glasses in the $ 100s of dallars that are n't as sturdy as these .
 I love these glasses . I ordered them in a 1.00 strength and they 're perfect for anywhere . The frames and lenses are very sturdy . They came very quickly !
 Fantastic , well made with plenty of view and a great look . I got a number of different magnifications to suite every need .
 Nice looking glasses with a quality feel . Better than almost all drug store glasses , and a lot cheaper than most .
 Good quality as expected . On time delivery as expected . Until it was suggested to me by a health care professional I had no idea that I could acquire surgical dressings at Amazon . I now believe that almost anything a person needs can be acquired at or through Amazon . I am please that one of your partners could provide me with top quality name brand medical products . From this point forward I will check Amazon FIRST . Thank you .
 Price was right on and the pads were sterile and thick . Perfect for hospital use or packing into first aid kits .
 I have been using this product for over a year now and it has cleared up my cataract problem in my left eye . The doctors were quick to recommend the operation but I wanted to find a natural way . I checked and rechecked the ingredients and the safety aspect of this product . Please give it a chance and see if it works for you.If you check around , you can get it cheaper than Amazon .
 6 months ago the eye doctor told me that the cataract in my left eye -LRB- first diagnosed about 20 years ago -RRB- was not operable for several reasons , the main being the high risk of retinal detachment because of my progressive myopia , even though it had begun to cause problems with my vision to the extent that I wanted to do something about it . At that time they refrected me and my vision in that eye was about 20/50 and 20/25 in my right eye -LRB- which has the start of a cateract -RRB- . I started using these drops the same week , two drops twice a day in my left eye since i felt that the only thing I had to lose was money and if they worked -LRB- about which I was a bit skeptical -RRB- it was the only option I really had.I just returned from the eye doctor and my vision in my left eye has improved to 20/30 . This is in 6 months time I was amazed and so was the doctor . His response was `` Your eyes are getting younger . '' He had never heard of N-acetyl carnosine eye drops but said to continue them since the drops appeard to be working . He said that the cataract had not gotten any worse since the last visit.I though that my vision had improved but did not want to review the drops until I had some type of confirmation from the doctor.They really do work ! I do n't know just how much more improvement I will get -LRB- I still have problems with glare and ghost images in my left eye but not as bad -RRB- but I will continue to use themas long as I continue to see improvement in my vision!I am also starting them in my right eye to see if that new cateract can be stopped in it 's tracks before it gets as bad as the one in my other eye.I do notice that the Brite Eyes III drops do cause occasional stinging but I think that is because I keep them in the refrigerator . If I let then stand and warm up to room temperature they do not sting .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- After having had one cataract removed , and that was over four years ago , I attribute the lack of a secondary `` residual '' growth of the cataract , and the absence of anything in the other eye , to a combination of daily use of the N acetyl Carnosine eyedrops with other supplements and good diet . The Life Extension Brite Eyes III product seems to be consistent , well dated , and the bottle is now well enough designed -LRB- follow the instructions carefully -RRB- so that the drops are dispensed accurately . Interesting that the idiotic FDA regs force the manufacturers to label the most important ingredient as among the `` inactive '' ingredients !
 I have been using this product for about 5 weeks now and have started to notice improvement in both eyes . My right eye was much worse than the left one and the yellowish/browinish tint I used to see is starting to go away . I hope it will continue to improve but some is better than nothing . The left eye did n't have the yellowish/brownish tint so am not using as many drops in it but have noticed an improvement in color perception . Some web sites I have been viewing say that is takes about 3 to 6 months before improvement is noticed so I might be doing a little better than normal . The only complaint I have so far is a little stinging sometimes when I use it . It is most noticeable if I use the drops right after taking out my contact lenses , but it is not too severe .
 My wife and I have been using these since June , 2011 . I did a lot of reading online before buying Life Extension brand . I had to spend weeks to convince her to use them , printing out articles for her , but then she noticed that working at a computer , her eyes did not get tired when using the drops . Now if I forget , she demands I bring the eyedrops . That is quite an endorsement , coming from a skeptic .
 Brite Eyes was perscribed by my Family Physician for cataract treatment . It also helps moisten my dry itchy eyes . I am pleased so far with my results .
 thanks i enjoy doing business with you all , keep up the good work.the iitem was in good shap , every thing was on time
 I use this product 3 times/day for my blind min pin . I tried a different product but stopped . I have since read good reviews online and bought this product . I believe it is helping her . After 2-3 months , the cloudiness is slightly reduced and she blinks sometimes when I put my hand near her left eye . I pray she continues to improve . I also use an herb that I bought at the vitamin store for her eyesight . Keeping your dog in good health is also critical . Every dog is different and results may vary . I am doing whatever I can to keep up her quality of life . Good luck to us all .
 I 've been using the drops for about 6 weeks now . Bought them to try and get rid of my eye floaters . Not really noticing any improvement , but may be too early to tell.I put them in twice a day -LRB- morning and night -RRB- I will stay with them a couple more months and give an update then .
 Thought I would give these eye drops a try . I have been using them for 2 months now and not only do my eyes feel revived , but my vision seems clearer and more acute . I will continue to use them !
 Not dramatic results like others , but my minor cataracts seem to be improving , with more visible area , and sharper overall vision .
 I 've been using this eye drop for at least two years , and have had no recurrence of cataract in the one eye that had had a cataract removed , and no new cataract formation in my un-operated eye . I was always impressed by the original research , and have seen no &#34; blowback &#34; from the scientific community or general public . In fact , my ophthalmologist approved of my use of the drops well after I 'd started taking them . She seemed to be familiar with the data and claims.At first , the dispenser design seemed a bit flawed , but now I think they 've got the tolerances down to a more precise measurement . You have to be very careful with this , keeping it in the dark , and preferably refrigerated , and when you screw down the cap to create the tiny hole that dispenses the drop , it now seems to work better.RE the dating on the box , they seem to manufacture a very large run , so that when you reorder , for a few orders -LRB- a few months -RRB- the batch date remains the same , even though it is usually about a year ahead . But , sooner or later , your re-order comes in with a newer date . The variable I 'm not happy about is that there are many suppliers , and you ca n't be sure that your product will always be handled or stored ideally . And , the prices do vary as well .
 this product works !!! for people who does not have access to surgery may use this as an alternative . I bought for my mother-in = law and she uses for two months now . She said the cloudiness gone by 90 % . She continues to use it thought until we can afford surgery .
 I 've been using this product for about a month . I put about 3-4 drops in each eye 2-3 times a day . My reason for getting the product was for eye floaters . What I 've noticed is that my eyes feel good and the floaters diminish slightly . I have also noticed that large floaters have changed shape , changing to a slightly smaller or more dispersed configuration . Overall , I agree with other reviewers that this product can make a difference , but you have to give it time . I 'm going to continue to take these drops for awhile longer , maybe even a year . I 'll repost with updated info . when I get it.The research is thin . Supposedly Russian researchers discovered that the antioxidant in this product -LRB- I forget the name -RRB- reduced cataracts symptoms/conditions and improved overall eye health . I 'm a skeptic of any research , especially Russian research , but anything is worth a shot if the eye doctors ca n't do anything.I 've looked into laser surgery for my floaters . I even flew all the way out to D.C. to get some laser treatment only to be told my floaters were too small and too close to my retina . I refuse to get the tubes in the eye thing , whatever that surgery is called . My floaters are n't that bad -- yet.These drops are a nice alternative where traditional medicine falls flat on its face.By the way , as an additional aside , you might look into purchasing red laser goggles if you have floaters . I 've discovered that they too make the floaters less bothersome , especially while using a computer or reading a book . Even red bulbs for your lamp can diminish the number of noticeable floaters in the eyes . Try it . If you have small floaters , the red light can even make all the floaters disappear.I 'm not sure why exactly it works , but my theory is that red light does n't create as brilliant a reflection off the retina like other lights , especially sunlight.UPDATESo I 've been using the drops for several months now . What I 've noticed is that my eyes do feel better overall after using the drops , but the floaters remain about the same . If I use the drops before viewing television or driving , the floaters might be a little less noticeable , but that 's about it.Verdict ? If you have the money every month , go ahead and use them . I do n't see how these drops are really that much better than other drops , but it might depend on your condition . Anything is worth a shot if nothing else seems to be working for you . Every person responds differently . Personally , I do n't see a justification to keep taking these drops .
 I have using Bright Eyes III for years now and they help your eyes feel better and help reduce free radicals around them .
 This stimulates all her different zones at once ! She loves this device more than me.Real Sex for Real Women
 this product is very intense ! the size is not too big not too small . has many settings and is switchable between areas . very very loud ! did i say it was loud ! works great !
 I LOVE patchouli -LRB- or patchouly as they spell it -RRB- , so when I saw this incense at my health food store , I decided to try it . I just got done buring it less than an hour ago . It 's a great incense . Each stick burns for about an hour , and the scent is pleasant and very strong -LRB- take the advice on the package and make sure you open a window if you are in a small room ! -RRB- . Patchouli is a very relaxing scent , and I found that this incense combined with relaxing music really helped to clear my mind . As a vegetarian , I also like the fact that this incense contains no animal byproducts . I 'll definately be buying more of this incense in the future .
 First of all , let me say that I adore going to the dentist because of how great my mouth feels afterwards . However , I realize that lots of people out there do n't feel the same way . This toothbrush gives you exactly the same feeling of the post dentist visit , without any of the discomfort.Oh and it will make your teeth whiter , which is something we all want ... is n't it.This is the best new item in my house ~ I totally love it . Who would 've thought that you could actually love something like a toothbrush . But its totally true .
 You know right away your teeth feel different , much like how they feel after a dentist cleaning.The dual action -LRB- larger -RRB- head is gentler and feels more like a normal toothbrush but it certainly is n't as aggressive as the smaller one in it 's ability to clean . If you can handle the smaller heads they certainly do a better job . The flossing attachment was also very effective .
 This was bought as a replacement for one I 've had for three years . As someone who hates my biannual dental cleaniing , I can say that this brush has made an amazing difference . It 's easy and pleasant to use , and the results are fantastic . Highly recommended .
 My dentist had recommended this to me and it works great . I can feel it working and my teeth feel the difference as well in comparison to my old way of brushing.Even my gums seem to thrive on it . I love it and highly recommend it !
 I actually purchased replacement heads on Amazon after having bought this brush at Target . But I love the product so much that I wanted to add my review here . First of all , the dentist loves my teeth . Apparently I am one of the top patients in the office for oral hygiene -LRB- and this was with an OLD FASHIONED toothbrush -RRB- . I have no cavaties but I do have `` staining '' in the grooves in the tops of my molars . The dentist explained that it 's hard for a toothbrush to get those grooves clean . I then asked him for a toothbrush recommendation and he said Oral B with the `` circular '' motion . I tried Sonicare in the past but the design was such that water and toothpaste got in a lot of the `` parts '' and I really had to make sure it was cleaned out after each use -LRB- plus ... this did not use the motion my dentist recommended -RRB- . Apparently power toothbrushes have come a long way because this model is a breeze to keep clean and there are n't a bunch of nooks and crannies to rinse out . After about a month , I was inspecting my teeth and noticed ... `` wait a minute , it 's gotten rid of probably 90 % of the stains in my molars ! '' I am completely shocked and impressed . I have not yet been back to the dentist but I ca n't wait to show him ! This is a great product!P.S . I found I actually prefer the smaller head that comes with the toothbrush rather than the larger one . You have much more control with the smaller heads .
 Braun Oral-B Professional ToothbrushI bought this brush to replace an older one and , wow , what a difference!This model 's two-speed pulsating system lets you know when you 've targeted an area sufficiently , also lets you know when you 're over-brushing . Bristles change color when replacement is needed . Batteries last 11 days between charges so it 's great for travel , too.I love the way my mouth and teeth feel between dental visits and my cleanings last longer with less plaque buildup.Highly recommended .
 I love these glasses . I ordered them in a 1.00 strength and they 're perfect for anywhere . The frames and lenses are very sturdy . They came very quickly !
 Fantastic , well made with plenty of view and a great look . I got a number of different magnifications to suite every need .
 Nice looking glasses with a quality feel . Better than almost all drug store glasses , and a lot cheaper than most .
 Why pay big bucks or even $ 15-20 for reading glasses . I got these for my husband because he could not find the 2.25 strength anywhere else . We got 3 pairs of these for the price of 1 and they are great . The low-cost superstores have nothing on Amazon . I find what I want to buy , get the price and check here first ; they can usually beat the price .
 I bought the 2.75 Strength , Tortoise Gold/Antique Gold version of these . They are my second pair of readers . The first wereMagnivision Titanium Reader , 2.75 Strength.I find no optical difference between the two . Both are clear and sharp whether reading the computer screen , reading printed material or performing small-scale tasks like cutting a pill in half or setting the thermostat . I know from having dropped the Magnivisions many times on all types of surfaces that they are very durable . These seem well-made and long-lasting as well -LRB- although I have had them for less time than the others -RRB- . Appearance-wise , these are the clear winners . The Magnivisions make me look a bit like Grandpa Walton . With these , I am more Chuck Yeager . They are regular , full-size aviator-style frames like you often see as sunglasses on State Troopers.However , for comfort the Magnivisions have the advantage . These weigh 1.25 ounces . The Magnivisions are 0.65 ounces - about half ! And you absolutely do notice that weight difference when you have worn each for a while . Granted , this is at least partly due to the fact that the 4Readers have a larger lens and a more robust frame and there is value in that , but the others have enough lens to do their job and , as mentioned , I can attest to their ability to take punishment . I do n't mean to say that these are uncomfortable - they are not . Just that the others are * more * comfortable.Price is the last comparison , and the 4Readers win that one handily . They are about 1/4 of the cost of the Magnivisions . If you lose them or sit on them or find a way to break them , it 's a lesser trauma than it would be with the $ 30 + Magnivisions.I have attached lanyards/croakiesEyesave Croakies & Cords - Nylon Cordto the Magnivisions . This makes them even more convenient and always close at hand , but now I look like Grandpa Walton working as a part-time librarian . I think when I 'm home alone I will use the Magnivisions . When I go out , I will leave those and take these 4Readers with me so friends , family and the world at large will think I am a cool guy and will not be wondering where John-Boy is .
 After my cataract surgery , I can see perfectly close-up and far away , but my computer monitor was blurry . My doctor told me to get a low-power pair of reading glasses . I tried the drugstore , but all they have is `` half-eyes . '' These are full lenses and I can now see my email just fine .
 I needed an `` intermediate '' strength for computer work , as my current eyeglasses were either for distance -LRB- the top -RRB- or close-up reading -LRB- the bottom -RRB- . I was getting constant headache and neck strain from trying to tilt my head back and getting up close to the computer screen so I could focus through the reading portion of my bifocals . These intermediate strength lens -LRB- intermediate for me , that is -RRB- let me sit a very comfortable 18 inches from the screen and focus with no problem . What a great change !! Thanks for a very economical solution to a widespread problem .
 great glasses for the price which is about 1/3 the store price.i buy 2 different strengths because of the distance i sit at 2 different computers
 I have 12 pairs of readers in my home , one or two in every room . I have bought some from dollar stores -LRB- very cheap -RRB- and most from drugstores . These are superior to all and very well and strudy construction . They are also more stylish , easy to clean and comfortable , highly recommended and I will be buying more soon!Update
 These glasses are of a superior construction and design . I bought 3 pair and messed one up when I tried to bend them for a minimal adjustment . Just be careful when bending them at the hinge area , which was my fault . I am totally satisfied with them especially their optical quality of them being of the aspheric optical material .
 I 've got many pairs of reading glasses scattered all over the house . Have tried so many different styles/brands , I ca n't track them all . My pet peeve is the trend for smaller lenses . I had to have to move my head up or down while reading to keep the page in the field of view . These full-size lenses eliminate that . Some brands are just uncomfortable over time - too small . These fit well , are comfortable for hours of reading and I just like the spring hinges , not sure why.After using these for a couple of months , I just ordered 3 more pair and plan to toss out the others I have laying around . I 'll let my wife keep my pair of mini-readers in a tube in her purse for when we go to a restraunt and I have to read a menue . : -RRB- Gordon
 These do the trick , and they 're inexpensive enough that I can keep several around the house in every location where I may need to do close work .
 These were actually for my husband . He is very pleased with them . Also I should mention , they are quite sturdy . He has purchased glasses in the $ 100s of dallars that are n't as sturdy as these .
 I was n't so sure that I 'd like this product , and may not have liked it after trying only one , but an almost empty box is proof that my husband and I really enjoyed them . You need to eat only one to satisfy your hunger for quite a few hours . This is different from a number of granola-type bars that I have tried that still leave you hungry . My husband also thought they were great -- a quick bite for people who do n't have time to eat breakfast . We will definitely be buying these in the future .
 The flavor of the chocolate Balance nutrition bars was good . They 're quite dry , but with a tall glass of water they 're okay . The bars give me a good boost of energy when I need a quick pick-me-up in the late afternoon and they also satisfy my hunger .
 I 'd never had a Balance Bar before and was n't sure what to expect , but I was pleasantly surprised at the taste . It was chocolatey and wonderful . I think the Balance Bars are great to have for breakfast on the run and to grab a quick snack before or after working out . I would highly recommend the Balance Bars .
 What a great surprise these bars were ! I 'm a hiker and have used other brands of energy bars -- most of which do the trick but taste like sawdust . The Balance Bar is moist and tasty with the added bonus of a yogurt coating . I had one for breakfast and it lasted me well into lunch with no hunger cravings . I love that they are nutritionally balanced and I will certainly take them along on my next hiking trip .
 I was really surprised with the taste of the bars . I thought for sure they were going to be chalky and not taste good , but in actuality they were great ! I would recommend this product to anyone who 's always on the run and just needs to eat something .
 I 'd very much recommend this product . Where most products of this nature are typically very sweet , this one was not overly sugary . It 's a pretty good in-between snack and great to take on the go . I took them to work and had them in the late afternoon when I usually have my cravings for sweets from the snack machines .
 Compared to other High Protein Balance Bars and other brands of protein bars , this flavor is very good . The coffee undertones complement the standard chocolate flavor well . There is no doubt about it as you 're eating
 Compared to other High Protein Balance Bars and other brands of protein bars , this flavor is very good . The coffee undertones complement the standard chocolate flavor well . There is no doubt about it as you 're eating
 Compared to other High Protein Balance Bars and other brands of protein bars , this flavor is very good . The coffee undertones complement the standard chocolate flavor well . There is no doubt about it as you 're eating
 I have tried a lot of energy bars and I have to say , Balance cookie dough is the best I have ever tasted . -LRB- I 'm not saying all the Balance flavors are as good as this one - I have tried and not liked other Balance bars . -RRB- But the cookie dough flavored one is awsome . It is covered in chocolate so it 's like eating a chocolate bar , except with a lot more nutritional content ! Try this bar if you really want a great tasting energy bar .
 Of the countless power or meal replacement bars on the market -LRB- I 've tried most everything -RRB- , the honey peanut Balance Bars are among the best taste wise . I 'm trying to watch my weight and especially what I have for breakfast or lunch . These are tasty , convenient , and better for me than other choices I could make . They are especially good for calorie counters like me also . They are moist , and the chocolate coating on the bar really does taste like chocolate .
 Hi , I finally found something that my kid loves and is good for him.He is a very picky eater and this Balance Bar in the cookie dough flavor is something he will eat everyday . It also gives him the protein and vitamins his growing body needs . We have tried other flavors , but the cookie dough is the best!Thanks , Tony
 I avoided protein bars for years after a few unpleasant tries . This is the bar for people who do n't like protein bars . It is truly tasty and satisfies my hunger for hours . I can substitute one of these for a meal when I 'm on the go , and not even think about food until I get home . Great to keep in the car for emergencies , for backpacking , for a high protein snack anytime . Find a flavor you like and try them .
 This is one of the few nutrition bars that my whole family likes , including my 13 year old son . We do n't let him have ` real ' candy bars often , but he eats one of these Cookie Dough bars daily and is quite happy , while we know that he 's getting lots of nutrition from it . Probably the best flavor from Balance Bars .
 This is a very sweet tasting bar . Really it is like eating cookie dough . it 's delicious and nutritious . .
 This Cookie Dough flavor is fantastic ! I carry these with me everywhere , they are truly a lifesaver to stave off hunger , and to help maintain my weight . Not to mention the sweet tooth is satisfied with this yummy health bar . Take a chance and try it , if you know the agony of finding a decent health bar you can live with , this one you will not want to live without !
 Good price on a good food bar . Only tried one flavor so far , but I want more of it .
 I have a hard time getting my 9 year old son to eat healthy food while he 's at school.He loves these , so I can pack one in his lunch box and at least I know he 's had some nutrition to get through the day .
 I am very satisfied with these Balance Bars . They are a good meal replacement and are very filling . I would recommend these to any one watching their weight and their protein intake .
 These bars were delicious . I did find them for 99 cents a bar at Trader Joes , though it is very convenient to have the Amazon shipments come right to my door .
 bars were fresh and it was nice to have them shipped rather than buying bulk from the grocery store .
 I have been eating the Balance Mocha Chip bar for several years now -LRB- it is my afternoon snack in the office -RRB- . Now , there is a `` Best By '' date on the box . However , the fact is that even within the sealed packaging the bar starts to dry off well before the `` Best By '' date.The ideal condition for the bar is that it should be soft and chewy and not dry and hard.When I buy these from a store , I test it by pressing one of the bars . If it can be pressed using slight pressure , it is good.The problem is that not many stores carry this flavor.I joined the subscription program with Amazon thinking it is a hassle free way to get these.However , they shipped me a box in March 2009 that had a Best By date of July 2009 . Whereas , I had bought a box in Feb 2009 from the local store that had a Best By date of December 2009 . Needless to say , the bars from Amazon were hard and dry.I cancelled my subscription and am going back to buying these from the local ACME store .
 Sometimes in my busy day , I do n't have time to stop for a meal . There I 've said it . I know it 's not healthy and I should . But sometimes it 's impossible . Between work and the gym and commuting and everything else . There 's just not time.Enter the Cookie Dough Balance Bar , the bestest of all high protein energy bars . It 's smooth with little chunks of cookie dough goodness mixed in .
 these things are delicious . I only really like the chocolate raspberry fudge , the rest are good , but have more of that typical energy bar taste , where as the raspberry fudge are like a candy bar . I eat one of these about an hour before i work out and it gives me a great energy boost . Also very filling , great for breakfast on the go . Drink with a full glass of water , and you will be satisfied for hours .
 I love these bars . I do n't like nuts , so this is my favorite flavor . Unlike a lot of nutrition bars , it does n't make your jaw ache trying to chew it down . It 's small but filling , and has a very high amount of protein . The taste is very good , not chalky or pasty.However , you can get these cheaper at Target - a box of six is only $ 4.99 , which is 83 cents , compared to over a dollar here -LRB- before shipping -RRB- .
 Watch the Sales & Special Offers for $ 10 off purchase to save extra $ $ . Ca n't beat free shipping right to your doorstep , either !
 This is a good snack or break food . After my afternoon workout , it filled me up and gave me energy . It satisfied my craving for a sweet chocolate taste too . It had a good chewy texture and it gave my mouth a good workout , flavor , and chew . It was a bit high on the calorie range , but had all the nutrients to keep it healthy .
 Everyone in my family loved these bars . They were the consistency of the store-bought single-wrapped brownies , and equally as tasty , though twice as thick ! My daughter and I both thought that they stuck to the back of our throats a little , but it just reminded me of the '' `` Got Milk '' '' commercials . They were delicious and satisfying and if I were looking for a quick and nutritious snack to grab , I would definitely buy this product -- and a carton of milk to go with it .
 This is a tasty bar , not too heavy on the chocolate . It is n't a '' `` candy bar '' '' or '' `` brownie '' '' sort of texture -LRB- it 's lots drier -RRB- but for heavens sake , this is a nutritional bar . If I wanted a brownie 's moisture and flavor , I 'd eat a brownie . For what it is -- a nutritional bar -- it 's quite good . And I like the fact that the protein and fat are balanced in a way that helps me absorb the nutritional benefits . Overall , it 's tasty snack that 's good for me .
 I thought this product was great because it tasted good and the nutritional value is very high . I would really recommend this product to others -- especially those who may be in a program like Weight Watchers . I am in the Weight Watchers program and this brownie is only a 6-point item in the program . So it 's wonderful to use as a snack . It tastes just like a regular brownie with nuts in it . I heated them up to enjoy them even more , so they were nice and warm and chewy .
 I was really pleasantly surprised when I tried this product . For all the nutrients it contained I expected it to taste a bit like chocolate-flavored paneling or something comparable . It was actually great . Had a dense , yet rather moist consistency , with a very good flavor . The size is such that it 's easy to carry with me on the go and could easily be slipped into a shirt or jacket pocket . I really liked to have one after a workout to give me a very nutritious boost . I imagine if one is looking for a quick , nutrition bar that in NO way skimps on flavor , this one is worth the money . I would definitely recommend this to family and friends .
 I really enjoyed the Balance Bar 40-30-30 , Naturally , Yogurt Honey Peanut flavor . They were better than I expected and I will definitely buy them again . I especially enjoyed the fact that much of the protein was from soy , which has many health benefits . It was an easy , delicious , and quick way for me to integrate more soy into my diet . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a quick , healthy snack .
 I was really impressed by the Balance Bars . I have tasted other '' `` nutrition bars '' '' before and they do n't taste anywhere near as good as the Balance Bars . The flavor was subtle and not too over-powerful . Just be sure to have a glass of water nearby , as these bars will make you thirsty !
 This is a great product . Unlike other nutritional or supplement bars -LRB- i.e. , Power Bar -RRB- , it 's not chewy-gooey and bland . It actually has a great taste . It does not make you feel bloated or stuffed , yet does fill you up and aids in energy . I really enjoyed this product and highly recommend it .
 The Balance Bar seemed better than other nutrition/breakfast bars I have had in the past . The flavor was n't over-powering and it did n't leave an aftertaste . The bar had 14 grams of protein and did seem to stave off my late afternoon hunger pains . There 's not anything that I did n't like about the bar . I would probably pick this bar over others now that I have tried it .
 Balance Bars had a good taste without any chemical after taste . For someone on the run this product may be ideal in order to get some of their daily RDA -LRB- recommended daily allowance of vitamins and minerals -RRB- instead of skipping meals or getting fast food . However the cost was a little on the high side -LRB- about $ 1.50 per bar plus shipping -RRB- . For less than that , one could find similar products on sale at a local grocer , i.e. Boost Bars , Power Bars , Ensure Bars . But a solid product
 Im so glad I found these bars . The double chocolate brownie tastes like an actual brownie . You wouldnt know you are eating a protein bar . Also its not so thick and dry like some others . This is the best tasting bar ive ever tried . Its a little smaller then some others which I like because you dont have to cram in a huge bar to get your protein . This is better vs. the chocolate craze . . they are both basically the same but the brownie one has a nice drizzle on top . Smores is also great . HIGHLY recommended .
 This was the first flavor of Balance Bar I ever tried and it 's still the family favorite . It 's not too peanut-buttery and not too sugary - it 's more like a dense cereal bar with a bit of pb and choc flavor . As a snack for my son these are healthy and worthwhile and it 's so easy to store a box in the pantry and grab one when needed . Very filling , and very tasty !
 I agree - I have tried soooooooooo many energy bars and this has got to be the best ! A little chalky -LRB- they all are -RRB- , but has a good taste ... it 's actually edible and so good for you ! I genuinely like these bars !!!
 I do n't know about the other varieties of this bar , but the Chocolate Raspberry Fudge bar is great for a meal-on-the-go or a quick lunch . If there is any problem with them it 's that they are so good , I could become adicted to them .
 This is the first Balance product I ever tried , years ago.I love it . I used to be able to purchase Honey Peanut at my local discount store , they stopped carrying this quite a while ago and I missed Honey Peanut substituting Caramel Nut Blast but it just was n't the same ... p.s. My local store started carrying the yogurt peanut bar -LRB- ick -RRB- . BTW , Balance recently reformulated Caramel Nut Blast , very nasty.Anyway , I am delighted to be able to order Honey Peanut from Amazon .
 These were the first energy bars I tried and always come back to them after trying others.My staples are honey peanut and gold caramel nut blast but also love chocolate raspberry fudge , it 's sort of like chocolate mousse in bar form without the guilt.It 's just good .
 This is a very nutricious bar . Save by buying it through amazon . It keeps me full for about 2 hours , then it 's time for another meal . Has a little crunchy bits from the cookies . Delicious overall .
 I got a great deal on those from Amazon . They taste really rich , and chocholatey.They are my all-time favorite . They satisfy me for at least 2-3 hours , and they have a great deal of nutrition in them . Also they are based on the 30/30/40 diet -LRB- protien/fat/carbs -RRB- respectively , which is the most successful diet there is if followed sensibly .
 After trying this product I think it 's everything it 's said to be and I 'd recommend it whole-heartily to anyone . It tastes wonderful . I ate one every morning and am delighted with the results .
 I love this bar good taste and protein , i try many others this is the best flavor chocolate brownie , 200 cal great !!!!!
 I love these bars . Very tasty and filling at a reasonable price.I have had them on auto shipment for about 9 months and will continue .
 love these bars . eat them for lunch everyday . filling + nutritious . they help if you are trying to lose or maintain weight .
 Thesse bars are great in general - the cookie dough is my favorite because it tastes great and also because the texture is a lot like actual cookie dough . So it 's like chocolate covered cookie dough.One of these will tide me over for at least a few hours . I make sure I have a few in my briefcase for long seminar/meeting days and other times when I do n't control the meal schedule and want to avoid vending machines . I also do n't travel without them . They are a perfect holdover for most plane trips and allow me to avoid airport food or fast food . I also eat one about 10 minutes before working out in the morning before breakfast.The only drawback is that they are sensitive to heat . Once the chocolate coating starts melting - even just a little - it never re-hardens and you end up with a bit of a sticky mess to try to eat it . So I do n't carry them through airports in pockets of a light coat that would be close to body heat or leave them in a sunny spot on the counter . This is a bit of a bummer , because what would make this product absolutely perfect would be the ability to throw a few in my center console and always have a few with me . But this is impossible in the summer because they would melt and never re-harden . But overall , these are a lifesaver for keeping me away from fast food and vending machines .
 The Cookie Dough one is the BEST ! Does n't taste like you are eating something , somewhat healthy . Easy to eat , easy to digest !
 I really like to eat breakfast on my way to work so I usually grab a protein bar and banana . It is hard to find a protein bar that is easy to eat in the morning because most of them contain chocolate and that 's not what I like in the morning . The bars taste just like real peanut butter and has a peanut butter consistency as well . I would def recommend !
 I love Balance bars especially the mocha chip and cookie dough , Yum ! However , if it is hot weather do n't order any just yet as it comes with the chocolate melted somewhat sticking to the wrapper . Then it spoils the taste a little . But otherwise they are great .
 Balance has a new recipe for their almond brownie flavor and it rocks ! It no longer has a fake protein flavor . I 'm hooked ! Perfect chocolatey flavor gives me the fix I need without the guilt of a real brownie .
 I 've reviewed a lot of these products , and most have some common flaws
 This is my all time favorite flavor from Balance Bars ! Totally peanut with a delicious peanut flavored coating - no chocolate ! These bars were the freshest I have ever bought , even fresher than many health food stores !! You 'll love them !
 My whole family loves balance bars as a quick way to get a breakfast start when there is n't a lot of time . We used to get them at Trader Joes . My youngest son and myself love the mocha chip the best . My other two like them too but I can get them a couple of other flavors . They stopped carrying any of our favorite flavors at Trader Joes . I decided to try a find them directly - online . When I did they came up on your site which we consider reliable and trust worthy and you had a good price and shipping deal . So we ca n't miss . Just do n't buy too many at once so we do n't get them too stale . The first shipment seemed like they may have been on the truck awhile . But we love them and have orded on 3 occassions and plan to again.Thanks.Lisa
 This is one of my favorite `` fall back '' flavors of protein bar , among all brands . Why ? 1 . They do n't melt . I can leave one in my car for quick and efficient calories after a workout .2 . Nice chocolate fix . If you eat many energy bars , you know that if the flavor includes the word `` brownie '' that its really not going to taste like a brownie , it will approximate the flavor as best as it can . Fortunately for Balance , their Almond Brownie flavor actually does pretty well in that regard . It is dense and fudge-like in its consistency with small almond chunks . You could let your mind wander for a minute and possibly think that you are eating a heavy brownie.The ingredients are not great , what with the sugar and artificial junk that 's in it , but I do n't eat them every day and neither should most people . They really are a candy bar with protein and vitamins , not a substitute for real food.For reference , my other favorite protein bar varieties in the non-melty category are
 Great taste for something that has 200 calorues & 15g protein ! I just wish it had more fiber . I guess you ca n't always have it all !
 I travel a lot and these are great to toss in your suitcase and not have to worry about them . They make a great breakfast or snack . They taste good and are satisfying , since they have carbs , protein and fat . The chocolate peanut butter is my favorite flavor , although you do need to have them with water .
 I love peanut butter so I might be bias , but these are the best Balance Bars available . They are soft , chewable and have great flavor . The bars I received 9/15/2008 expire 06/2009 . So there is no issue here with expired bars . Great product ! Use Subscribe & Save and do exactly that . I love Amazon.com .
 I 'm not a big fan of candy bars , cake , chocolate , or anything thats sweet so I was kinda having second thoughts on buying it at target -LRB- $ 1 for brownie with nuts -RRB- . This was my first energy bar that I ate and I have to say It tasted great , not sweet at all . . just pure good , I just took a drink of water and I was ready to go running .
 This is a great product . Can be used on the 40/30/30 diet plan . I ca n't eat chocolate and 99 % of these type of products are chocolate flavor . This is a great option and has the best taste of all the non-chocolate nutrition bars out there .
 This product is great tasting and healthy at the same time . It is hard to find , but I am grateful for Amazon 's subscrition service that allows me to purchase at a reduced amount and have it automatically sent to me on a regular basis . Great product and great service !
 Pros : - Small-Great stats -LRB- high in protein and calories relative in size -RRB- - The Chocolate and Mocha Chip tastes Great-No chalky tasteCons : - Fiance thinks they taste awefulBefore I bought this product I always thought Balance bars were low in protein and just a womans meal supplement . Well , now they are my main protein bars and eat them all the time between meals when I am hungry.I would give these a 5 star , best nutritional/protein bars I have ever tried . No chalky taste , very smooth texture -LRB- overly smooth compared to others -RRB- however , the fiance hated them . Not sure why , but she could not even eat them , however , she loves the Cliff bar brand .
 I really like this flavor and have been eating it for breakfast for about 3 years . Amazon is great to get it from , especially if you subscribe .
 First I want to say I 'm not a big fan of protein bars in general , I find most of them dry and tasteless . However these are moist and flavorful . Unlike some posters I did n't find them to be chalky at all . I love chocolate and find these to be a terrific and satisfying replacement for candy bars and with the protein I can feel good about this product as either a meal replacement or a snack .
 You like peanut butter but hate all the fat that goes with ot ? then this is the bar for you . Its like eating a bar of peanut butter with no guilt . Sweet & Salty . I only wish there was more texture such as actual full peanuts inside . But I digress this is the most accurate representation of any flavor for a nutrition bar . It 's a must-buy !
 I 've tried almost EVERY bar there is out there ! Learned the hard way not to JUST look at the protein to carb , to fat ratios!Watch out for the myriad of bars with sucrolose & other `` BAD '' sweetners ! If you are n't up on them , do a google search & read the negative side effects instead of the advertising hype put out by the manufacturers!The balance bars have NO SUCROLOSE or artificial sweetners !! YAY !! Even though I PREFER the protein to be from ANYTHING other than soy ... . which sadly these are ... I can not help but buy cases of these that I `` rotate '' with my ` healthier '' non-soy '' bars WHY ?? You might ask ... it 's because they taste so GOOD ! I absolutely LOVE the latest line up of `` Bare Bars '' so do my kids , we take out 4 different bars EVERY morning & cut them up so everyone gets some of each flavor , YUMMM !! then somedays we can not help ourselves & have to open up 4 more !! LOL : - -RRB- This is what we refer to as our 1st breakfast VERY eary in the morning when we all gather for a cup of tea or milk , & have family devotions , then after household chores are completed & our school day begins the kids have their second breakfast , I go off to do my workout , usually weights for 1/2 an hour to 45 minutes , then I get my second `` breakfast `` of a Bare bar , currently LOVING chocolate almond or a mix of pieces of Balance bars & others like the Cliff Builders bars -LRB- the Vanilla Almond is my fav there -RRB- or a thinkthin chunky Peanut , to keep my muscles refueled to rebuild & keep my metabolism boosted!It works well for me , I am 50 years old 5 ' 5 ' -LRB- about -RRB- & weigh 110 to 115 , & a size 4 ! There are other foods that can do the same thing , but they do n't satisfy a sweet craving like these babies do ! I just have to hide my fav 's from the kids !!
 We eat these in different flavors daily . And @ $ 15.82 with Super Saver Shipping they 're about the same price as Wal-Mart , when Wal-Mart has them .
 We have a different flavor for breakfast everyday . They 're great ! And a good deal if you get them with Super Saver Shipping .
 I just think they 're yummy . And portable . And they satisfy my chocolate craving .
 This was a very good diet bar , however , the taste was a little bland . I used it for breakfast and was very pleased with how well it satisfied my hunger . I did n't get as hungry for lunch when I usually do . -LRB- Previously , I would normally eat a bowl of cereal for breakfast . -RRB- The taste could use some improving upon . The nuts did create a better taste . I 've used Slim Fast before and this seemed to satisfy better than the Slim Fast products . I 'd recommend this to anyone trying to lose weight or to someone who does n't have time for breakfast and/or lunch . This makes a great meal substitute and is quick and easy .
 There 's no way these are good for you , but they are yummy and filling for about an hour or so . Mocha is definitely the best flavored Balance bar ever . sometimes they just get it right .
 These are great . I have eaten them for several years . Sometimes for a quick breakfast or for a snack in between meals . Now I am trying to lose a few pounds and I find them to be a great snack to have when you want something a little sweet . They really curb your appetite . They are good . The honey yogurt is my all time favorite !
 That is what the answer is BALANCE . So many people throughout the United States are not that balanced in their diet or what they eat . They do fast food diets that deprive them of essential nutritents that their body needs . This society wants a fast solution . It is really learning what to eat and at what time of the day . This bar does that it is balanced nutritrion that your body needs . It is about being healthy inside and not just outside .
 I love these Balance Bars . The honey yogurt peanut flavor is the best I 've tried , and they are great with a glass of cold , skim milk for breakfast or a snack . Without the milk , they are n't very filling , it 's true , but they are still very tasty and better for you than candy . However , it 's also true that since they are made with HFCS they are n't as healthy as some of the other bars available . They probably have a fairly high glycemic index.Still , if that 's not an issue for you , and you want to soothe a sweet tooth , or find a fairly healthy fast breakfast or snack for on the go , give 'em a try . Btw , some people have complained about the price - here in NYC they go for nearly $ 2 per bar , making Amazon 's prices amazing !
 This product is really good . It 's filling and has nice flavor . Only problem with it is that it 's too dry . Other bad part it is it 's expensive . But it 's worth trying .
 I really like this nutrition bar . I 've tried many nutrition bars over the years and I rate this one right in the top two or three . It 's very tasty -- much like a cross between a chocolate/raspberry truffle and a 3-Musketeers bar . My kids like them too .
 The taste was slightly chalky but altogether pleasing . After all , it 's NOT a candy bar ! Also , it would be a great idea to place a set of instructions for use in with the product . I ate one bar for breakfast and one for lunch , but I had no idea if that was a reasonable use of the product . Finally , the bars are easy to open and easy to carry in a purse or a backpack . I 'll be buying more Balance Bars for my meals of the future !
 The Balance Bars that I received were very good ! I really liked the flavor -LRB- naturally , chocolate raspberry fudge -RRB- . They 're good for people on the go or for someone who does n't have time for a meal . Very nutritious and very filling . I 'm very satisfied with these bars .
 I 've tried numerous '' `` power '' '' type bars , but the Balance Bar is by far the best I 've had . They were moist and had a wonderful flavor to them . They arrived during a very stressful week for me . I felt I had more energy while eating them and they helped me to maintain my alertness during this time . I would highly recommend them to my family and friends . They 're fairly inexpensive compared to many of the bars on the market .
 I thought these nutrition bars were quite good . I 've tried nutrition bars in the past and have always been disappointed . These bars not only tasted good , but they actually filled me up . I 'm a college student and a lot of times I do n't have time to stop and eat a full meal between classes . These bars were perfect for an on-the-go burst of energy . I 've already recommended them to my fellow roommates and they all enjoyed these bars as well .
 I really liked the flavor of the bars . They were a little sticky however . You need your beverage near by . The ingredients were about the same as other bars , but I felt the flavor was better ! I would definitely recommend this product to people who are health minded . I hope the other flavors are as good .
 I have tried many Balance Bar flavors , and Mocha Chip is one of my favorites . It has a great chocolatey taste which satisfies my sweet tooth while still being healthier than a chocolate bar . Keeps me full , too.Amazon shipped it quickly , and the item arrived fresh and undamaged .
 This is by far my favorite Balance bar flavor - and hard to find in the stores . Chocolately . Nice chewy texture , with some nuts . Just the right amount of sweetness . And for you nutrition buffs - this flavor has no fractionated palm or kernel oils in it - usually a component of the candy like coating of most other flavors . . Yumm ! Another bonus for people who need to avoid gluten - this is one of the few bars that does not have a `` candy coating , is high protein , and is also gluten free - many of the coating free `` trail bars '' bats contain oats or barley , which contain gluten , or rely on nuts , and are high in fat and low in protein .
 These are very good . They are not available in many stores , so we order them and they come right away ~
 Over the years , I 've sampled probably 50 varieties of energy bars , and the Balance cookie dough flavor top the list . The provide the variety of nutrition I want in terms of the combination of protient , fiber , fats , and vitamins . Best of all they do n't have lingering artificial taste I get from most other energy bars . Moreover , these do n't require gnawing to chew and swallow . The only aspect I would improve upon would be the sugar content , which though not bad by energy bar standards , could probably be a few grams lower without sacrificing taste .
 At first I did n't care for this flavor , but by the end of the box I was ordering another box of the same flavor . This ` Mocha Chip ' , and ` Triple Chocolate Chaos ' are my favorites !
 Almond Fudge is my favorite Balance Bar and keeps me going on the run . I have special needs
 I 've been eating Almond Brownie Balance Bars since roughly the year 2000 . I used to eat another Balance Bar flavor -LRB- Honey Peanut -RRB- , but found that I quickly tired of that taste . For some reason , I never get tired of Almond Brownie , perhaps because of the sweet chocolate fix it provides plus the suprise of the almond nuts.I prefer to eat the bar cold with some ice cold milk . This way , it tastes like a real brownie . Well , maybe that 's a stretch , but after eating about 2000 -LRB- yes indeed -RRB- of these bars over the years , my taste buds have adjusted to the taste.Almond Brownie is my favorite Balance Bar flavor by far . In addiion to eating it cold , I can also eat it warm -LRB- if it 's been siting in my car -- I live in Florida -RRB- along with water.Looks like Amazon Grocery has the lowest price by about 10 % , which could save me up to $ 100 per year.By the way , I think the review dates for this Amazon Grocery item -LRB- and perhaps all reviews of Amazon Grocery items -RRB- are incorrect since all reviews appear to be from January 2000 . This review was written on July 31 , 2006 .
 I love this bsar . tastes just like a brownie but healthy . very hard to find in my area .
 I love Balance Bars and yogurt honey peanut is one of my favorite flavors . These are great . They make a perfect snack because they give your body exactly what it needs , 40 % carbs , 30 % protein and 30 % fat . I eat one three hours before I run and it gives me the energy that I need . Balance Bars are not only good for you , but they taste great too !
 The Balance Almond Brownie Bar provides a nutritious alternative for when you need a chocolate fix . Unlike other nutritional food bars I 've tried , this one pays close attention to providing not only the vitamins you need but also the minerals . Without sacrificing taste , it provides a good balance of carbohydrates , fats , and proteins . While it did taste rather good -LRB- especially compared to some of the other brands of bars I 've tried that resembled flavored cardboard in taste and texture -RRB- the Almond Brownie Balance Bar is somewhat dry , though consuming it with a tall , cold glass of milk resolves this issue .
 The first thing that impressed me was the taste ! Yummy ! I 've tasted protein/energy bars before and been disappointed with the taste . This was really like eating a chocolate brownie ! Even my husband , who does n't like nuts , enjoyed the bar . As far as the '' `` energy '' '' from the bar , I was again impressed . As an ER nurse , there are times I do n't get a chance to eat on time . This energy bar really helped me with that ! I was also impressed with the nutritional value of the bar and the fact that the fat content was not high . This is a product I 'd definitely buy again !
 I loved the Balance Bar Complete Nutrition Food Bar . The flavor was really good ; it was better than the other similar type of bars . It gets a little bit dry when chewing it . If any one asked me about it I 'd definitely recommend this product .
 I really enjoyed the product , and my kids loved it as well , -LRB- an easy way to get some nutrition in them without them even knowing . -RRB- The bars were satisfying and tasted good . I liked the fact that they provided high quantities of the recommended daily allowances of many vitamins and minerals .
 Very tasty , my kids loved them . They 're kind of messy though -- my three year old got the other layer of yogurt covering all over himself and everything else he touched . These bars are great if you do n't have time in the morning to fix a big breakfast -- just eat one of these and you 're good to go 'til lunchtime .
 We had always used Clif Bars when we wanted a nutritious snack or meal replacement . For some reason , the Clif Bars looked more delicious -- with their packaging ! The Balance Bars look more adult -LRB- maybe too adult ... maybe for old people ! -RRB- But , in fact , my family prefers the Balance Bars . They tasted much , much better , and nutritionally , they appear to be of higher quality .
 I 'm a college student and I found this bar to be extremely convenient . The day after I received them I woke up ten minutes before class began . I jumped out of bed , grabbed a bar , and raced towards class . The bar was incredible -- it had a sweet peanut flavor that was n't too sweet . It had a pleasant aftertaste , unlike other bars . The bar was light but satisfying . Usually I end up eating too much and falling asleep in class . Whether it was the nutrition or the ginseng , this product was great for energy . I 'd use it again and again .
 The taste was a little disappointing but I do n't like peanuts anyway . The bars were very filling and gave me a little boost . I 'd say these are all that they promise , although , they 're a little pricey for my wallet . I 'd recommend them to anyone who likes peanuts and is looking for a bit of a pick-me-up during the day .
 The Balance Bar has a very good taste with none of the vitamin taste that I sometimes get in these bars . It has all the vitamins , minerals , and even Ginseng for the energy I need . I usually have a bar for breakfast - the calorie count is reasonable and you get your day 's supply of vitamins . The consistency is the only thing that some people might not like , as it 's a little pasty ; but overall , I thought it was excellent .
 I love the Honey Peanut plus Ginseng Balance Bars . They tasted the most like a candy bar of all the energy bars I 've tasted . Chocolate coated with a creamy inside and a few peanut chunks , it reminds me of a peanut butter cup . This was definitely something I looked forward to eating , which I ca n't say about all the energy bars I 've tried . I 'd actually buy these .
 These bars were excellent ! The texture and flavor were great . The ingredients are good for you and you do n't have to feel guilty like you do when eating a candy bar . I would recommend this product for a quick , filling , pick-me-up snack . You need to have a beverage with it , however . This was much creamier than other products like this .
 This nutrition bar is really good . I eat low-carb foods five out of seven days a week and this really helped when the urge to have something sweet hit last week . The taste of the berries really came through and the yogurt coating is a nice addition to the flavor . The texture was like a granola bar and it was n't dry in my mouth like some other low-carb bars I have tried . I was sad to see the last of the bars devoured by my family and will definitely buy this bar and recommend it to friends and family .
 This product has very satisfying texture and I found it quite filling . Not everyone I shared it with liked it immediately , as it has a slightly unusual taste at first . The sweetness of the bar comes out as you chew it , however . The pleasant fruit flavor reminded me alternately of raisins and strawberries . I particularly enjoyed the creamy yogurt coating . The balance of nutrients is excellent for a healthy snack or even a small meal when time is short . I was unaware of this type of product and I 'm glad to find out about it .
 I was really excited to try the Balance Bars . I 'm always looking for a snack that I can keep in my purse . The Balance Bar was good for the purse because it did n't crumble . The flavor was n't too bad . I do n't usually care for chocolate/fruit combos , but this one was pretty good . This snack could also double as a quick lunch ; it was pretty filling . I 'll definitely buy this item again .
 I have tried so many protein bars out there by far this is one of the best tasting bars on the market if you like peanut butter so give it a try !
 I had tried a bunch of different flavors of different brands . These are among the best tasting tasting energy bars out there . I also compared the nutrition facts of many . Again , these are among the best . I highly recommend them . I use them as a snack in between meals . I try my best to stick with eating every 3 hours to keep my metabolism working at full speed throughout the day . These have a low enough calorie count to work for that purpose . I do n't use them as a meal replacement.They arrived in a very timely manner . The only flavor that tops this one is the s'mores by balance bars as well .
 Cookie Dough Balance Bars are the best protein/nutrition bars I 've ever had -LRB- and I 've tried a lot -RRB- ! They are similar in consistency to a candy bar and taste like one , too . I eat them as a mid-afternoon snack and they keep me satiated until dinner . I recommend these to all my friends .
 Balance bars are great for on the go nutrition . Just keep one in your purse and does n't matter how crazy the day gets , you can eat on the run . This flavor is my favorite because it does n't melt . Even in the heat , it only gets soft , but never sticks to the wrapper in a gooey mess .
 I have been purchasing the Balance Bar Yogurt Honey Peanut bars for over three years . I have tried other products but these taste the best . They contain 15 grams of protein . They are a great tool for maintaining weight or loosing weight . I use them in place of a meal or for a healthy snack . They are nutritional and satisfying .
 Ca n't usually stand protein bars . Too thick , hard to chew , and soy flavored . Crave these bars ! They are n't like homemade , but they are as good as prepackaged brownies that are all junk . Big chunks of almond -LRB- not slivers -RRB- and moist and chocolaty . Enjoy and get those needed protein grams for vegetarians out there .
 The `` Yummy Bars '' are Balance Bars sold on Amazon . I purchased Peanut Butter Bars which are yummy indeed . I eat one every day !! So good for the tummy !
 I ordered from AllStarHealth for the first time and am very pleased . It arrived on time and they were not melted despite the heat lately in LA. . Perfect and delicious .
 I 've tried A LOT of different bars over the years . Many serve a specific function like `` high protein '' for after resistance training or `` 150 calories or less '' for a light snack . In the general , `` meal replacement '' category , I always seem to come back to Balance Bars , and Peanut Butter in particular . It 's not overly sweet like many of bars that try to be more like candy bars and at 200 calories , it satisfies perfectly . I am a Peanut Butter fan and this bar tastes really good . You 're not going to think you are eating a spoonful of PB , but the taste , consistency and chewiness all make you feel like you 've eaten something . Sometimes bars just disappear and you wonder if you ever ate anything at all ! As the name says - this is a nice nutritionally BALANCED bar that will fill in as a nice snack .
 I usually do n't buy chocolate-flavored protein bars because 1 -RRB- I tend to eat them for breakfast , so I prefer more fruit-type flavors , and 2 -RRB- I find that the chocolate bars tend to be more artificial tasting . However , I saw one of these bars on sale , and because I absolutely love mocha , I decided to give it a try.Taste-wise , this bar is excellent . It is rich , chocolate-y , and has a very good , distinct mocha flavor too . It was pleasantly chewy without having the overly nougat-like consistency that some protein bars have . Overall , I definitely enjoyed this bar , and from a flavor perspective , I would not hesitate to buy it again.The reason I gave this bar 4 stars instead of 5 was due to the nutritional profile . At 200 calories , it is about what you would expect from a protein bar ; I was fine with that . But both the fat content -LRB- 7 grams , including 3.5 grams saturated -RRB- and the sugar content -LRB- 17 grams , or over 3 teaspoons -RRB- were a little on the high side to me . Some bars include fiber ; this one has < 1 gram . It does have 15 grams of protein , which was a big plus.So , in the end , I probably will buy this bar again , but I will limit myself to using it occasionally rather than as a more regular , healthy part of my diet .
 This is my all-time favorite energy bar , and I 've tried them all . It 's almost too good - watch out , you may soon find yourself eating these not only for that quick meal-on-the-go , but also grabbing two for you evening meal as well , just because you are craving that yummy yogurt coating over the honey peanut center . And very filling , as well . Not a weight-loss plan , but will keep your appetite in check .
 I enjoyed the Almond Brownie Balance Bar . The taste was much richer than other nutrition bars I 've used previously . They kept well in my pocket and were n't too crumbly or excessively chewy . I used them as an alternative to breakfast several times when I was running late -LRB- a normal occurrence -RRB- . I also brought them along on several day hikes as a quick pick-me-up snack . I would recommend this product , especially if you like rich chocolately tastes .
 I loved the flavor of the bars !!! I really did n't expect them to be as good as they are !!! I have had other nutritional bars that tasted really nasty . I 'd buy the Balance Bars again , and plan on doing so . Even my children liked them ! The bars gave me energy when I ate them in the late afternoon . They were a real pick-me-up ! I 'd recommend this product to a friend in a heartbeat . It 's nice to know you can buy a nutritional bar that tastes good and seems more like a snack !
 I have tried many protein bars -LRB- except for peanut flavors -RRB- , and this is my favorite . It 's better-tasting than most candybars , and none of the BalanceBars have spiked my blood pressure -LRB- not an energy bar ; those they call their `` gold '' line -RRB- . Also the nutritional `` balance '' is at least on par with others -- bear in mind this qualifies as a meal -LRB- by the numbers if not for real -RRB- , not just a snack.CONS -- It will melt in heat -LRB- as in shipping -RRB- ; there has been some batch-to-batch variation for whatever reason , maybe the shipping , but they 're still tasty ; and as with other of these fairly dense protein bars , I prefer eating them with fluids , for better digestion . If I 'm going to grab one heading out the door , for a breakfast , better get a drink too , or just eat half . 16g of protein is a big breakfast .
 Love it . I could live on these if I alternate with the smores . Both taste fantastic and very high in protein .
 Surprisingly tasty , especially if refrigerated . Quick , easy way to satisfy hunger ! I have n't tried any other flavors but I find this one to be pretty delicious and Amazon 's prices are hard to beat .
 This is my go-to bar when I need a quick meal . They are gluten free , do n't upset my stomach like other protein bars , and taste great ! I will always keep these on hand .
 My bars arrived today 10/06/2008 with an expiration date of July 2nd , 2009 . Whatever issues Amazon was having with stale product has been taken care of , I will be buying again .
 I started buying this product for my cats after reading about how the body is less able to digest food and obtain health benefits from it due to age -LRB- most of my cats are 8 years plus -RRB- and the effects of cooked food in general -LRB- cooking destroys natural enzymes -RRB- . I am happy to say that my cats are all very healthy at their ages and those who had a tendency to yak up hair balls and undigested food are doing so MUCH less frequently -LRB- every once in a while versus daily -RRB- . This has also decreased my use of paper towels and laundry soap . : -RRB-
 My vet prescribed digestive enzymes for my 8-year-old cat Bert , who suffers from irritable bowel disease . We tried many different feline enzymes -LRB- and spent a lot of money on them -RRB- before finding one Bert would actually eat mixed in with his food . The white powder is completely odorless and apparently tasteless , and it is the only enzyme product I am able to get into him . It has helped him a great deal . He 's slowly started gaining back some weight , and his digestive upset episodes are much less frequent . There are other quality cat enzymes available , but I highly recommend Dr. Goodpet Feline Enzymes if you are having trouble getting your taste-sensitive cat to eat his enzymes . I should also mention that all 3 of my cats will eat it in their food , a true testament to its being pallitable !
 I use this powder in addition to the grain-free dry food to help my cat digest his food . I just add it to the dry food and the white powder lightly coats the kibble . There really is no odor or smell to it , my cats could definitely see there was a difference , but have n't stopped eating their food because of it . No more diarrhea or gas issues with my IBS cat , I highly recommed this product over the forti flora packets .
 My cat has a nodular pancreas , and at her advanced age we are going with palliative care . This product supports better digestion function .
 I have been using this product for a while and although IMHO it is very good , it was n't the magic bullet I had hoped for with and IBS cat . I still use this product with every feeding -LRB- and I just ordered more -RRB- along with pro and pre biotics . After pulling my hair out with this little guy for so long , with vomiting , and loose stools and not wanting to eat , I found a combination of things that are working . We 're still on the journey , but he is eating , not vomiting and diarrhea seems to be gone . I 've started a blog about this journey if anyone is interested . Living with a Cat with Inflammable Bowel Disease , Bloggy Stuff .
 My cats are very picky and I did ` nt think they would eat their food with this on it , but they absoulutly love it , and I feel better knowing I 'm heallpoin with their health .
 I buy it allll the time for my kitties . It is so helpful for their digestion i hope all cat people search google and read about the digestive enzymes .
 Excellent product to help keep your cat 's digestive system working well . Helps with problems like Intestinal Bowel Disease and even helps pass hairballs !
 This is an old fashioned way to strengthen fingernails . I have been using it for several months and my nails have stopped splitting and peeling .
 I 'm not one into strong perfumes or smells - just walking by someone who has too much perfume on can induce a sinus infection in me and I do n't like most `` floral '' scents . I do enjoy a mild , natural aroma , however , and vanilla is about as mild as they come . The incense sticks burn for about 30 minutes or longer ... if you have a ceiling fan going , it will burn up quicker , but the scent will disperse further in your home . Burning sticks are held in a holder that I then place on my brick hearth - incense sticks rarely spark , but I 'm not one to take chances - and I never leave the house with incense burning . The scent of incense is soothing and can really help to cover the odors of burnt food , pets , etc. .
 Ever fill you Zippo too full and have it leak in your pants ? This little helper will stop that . Go a head and fill her up and never get leg burn again . I use it everyday . Plus it 's made in the USA !
 Got this for my Husband and he loves it and was so excited that I bought it for him . He heard good things about it .
 Love the simplicity . Great design and easy to open . I have a clip on compass over the front and works out great for me . I ended up getting another for a friend that a loves his as well .
 Bought this as a gift for my girl friend in the hopes it would preserve the lighter through continual use since she is a smoker . Fast forward two months she stopped smoking and has n't found a use for the lighter . The pouch actually helps to prevent deterioration of the etchings that I customized on the light . After sitting on the shelf it seems alot of weathering has affected the pouch but has n't damaged it so if you are looking for a product that can shield the lighter from regular use I highly recommend this product . The clip also helps if you wear a belt and need to sling it as you go .
 Hi Folks , Just wanted to let everyone know this a `` High Quality '' `` American Made '' Official Licensed Zippo Case . Very well stitched , Thick high quality leather . Lighter fits perfect in Pouch !! for under $ 10 bucks a must have for all Zippo owners !!
 This full-grained leather , very sturdy and looks good ! One thing I 'm wondering , it had a little silver necklace enclosed , anybody know about this ? Anyway great product , good price !
 I purchased this holder and was very surprised at the excellent quality and workmanship of this case . It 's made of sturdy leather and fits my standard size zippo perfectly . Keeps your lighter safe . I do n't wear it on my belt but the loop hooks easily to my purse strap . Very handy !! Love this case !!
 Words are unnecessary ! Quality speaks for itself ! -LRB- Sorry for my bad English . -RRB-
 I love this cream . It 's so nourishing and pampering . The texture is perfect and smooth and it smells very light and fresh -LRB- I do n't know where the other person got that its sickening sweet and too strong , they must be extremely sensitive to scents -RRB- but overall I love this product . I have bad acne and acne scars and this does n't break me out and has seemed to help fade my scars . My face always feels really soft and plump in the morning after putting this on at bed time : -RRB-
 I have been using this product for about two weeks now . I love it and the only downside is that I have no idea what to do with the other moisturizers I own . I am sold on this product!It is very creamy and a little goes a long way . I start off by dabbing a tiny amount all over my cleansed face and then work it into my skin using circular motions . It blends well and feels really good . The smell is pleasant and does n't bother me a bit.Overall , I have found that my complexion has evened out and my face has a nice glow to it . I highly recommend this product . It will not work miracles but if you are looking for a bit of a boost and want to avoid harsh chemicals than give this product a try !
 I 've been using this and their psorzema cream . Within two weeks my skin stopped flaking and the intense itching was gone . The swelling has almost disappeared and I feel so much better I can hardly believe it .
 I love the Derma E skincare line . I 've been using this product for two months of my pregnancy to prevent stretch marks . Approaching the eighth month and not a single sign of a stretch mark - highly recommend ! Not to mention a little goes a long way , so the jar lasts a long time . Good price for a great product .
 This is a thick creamy lotion that goes on smooth and really works well for dry skin , leaving a moisturized or ` dewey ' look after application.I think it is awesome for the dry , winter months , but slightly too heavy for the hot humid summertime.It also works very well at diminishing pervious acne scars , and worked in no time to heal a really dry patch of skin I had around my chin . Does not clog my pores or cause breakouts.The scent is very pleasant , like an aloe-ey mild flower type , but dissapears quickly .
 This is one of the richest , most hydrating moisturizers I have ever used . I have been using it for about a year now and in the summer I use it at night 2-3 nights a week . During the winter I can use it during the day since the elements are so much more harsh . The combination of oils and vitamins in this cream make it a winner . I actually like the smell , it smells like candy and fades away fast . I notice how plump my face is the morning after I use this . A must try . Plus it is not tested on animals or made with any animal ingredients .
 I bought this as a replacement for my Jason 25000U Vit E cream , and was very pleasantly surprised . The smell can be strong at first , but it fades quickly and I find it very fresh , reminiscent of cucumbers . The cream is full bodied , but soaks into my skin well rather than staying on the surface as a greasy coating like so many other creams do . I 've only been using it a few days , but my skin does n't feel tight or dry anymore and my fine lines are starting to plump in again . Great product !
 I bought these for my 85 year old father . He wears hearing aids but still had to turn up the volume on the TV to uncomfortable levels for other people in the house . These headphones work very well for him . He said the reception is very clear and he can walk anywhere in the house and still receive the signal . This does bring up a problem , however . When he is using these in his bedroom I can not use the on-demand feature on my cable box in the living room . I get an error message concerning a transmission problem . I can still receive all cable channels but I can not order any pay-per-view movies . Other than this I feel they are a great product . The battery life has consistently been 6 hours even though the manufacturer claimed 4 hours .
 I had tried the 2 inch version -LRB- largest -RRB- of this ring and found it a little loose to receive the full benefit of the desired effect -LRB- working with a 6 - 7 inch penis -RRB- . This 13/4 inch ring is the smallest of the 3 versions offered by Tantus . It provides a TIGHT fit . With a little patience the testicles can be pushed through but it is tight getting the ring on ! The ejaculation is definitely slowed and the feeling is heightened . Works great ! Good addition the toys used by my wife and me ; definitely recommend it . However , for larger penises one may want to try the mid-sized ring first - the small ring will be a challenge to put on ...
 I have tried and own several including Levenger and others . This is a nice sort of heavy pen that floats across the paper . I have arthritus and have to write a lot . This pen makes it posible for me to write neater and longer than any other writing divice . Of course I ca n't spell with a damn and my grammer is below C average but it is nice to be retired because I can tell you now that if you do n't like what I write you do n't have to read it.I also like the fine point .
 Love , Love , Love this face cleanser - nothing else makes my face feel so clean as this one . Very fine grit does not feel rough on the skin - other brands I have tried feel like sand paper - this one is very gentle .
 The high alcohol content in mouthwash made me stop using it altogether . The pain during and after I felt in my cheeks and tongue just was n't worth it . I suffer from sensitive teeth , as well as geographic tongue Geographic Tongue -LRB- Russian Edition -RRB- and took a chance and tried Firefly MouthSwoosh because I liked the facts about it . It is sugar-free , it is alcohol-free , it has fluoride to aid in preventing cavities -LRB- which is the products only active ingredient -RRB- , and has a pleasant bubble gum taste . Another nice thing it offers is a built-in 30 second timer on the top of the lid . Just press it down and pretty lights flash inside the cap for 30 seconds . When it 's done flashing , you 're done swooshing . Pretty cool , and yes it 's made for kids , but this adult can highly recommend it because it gives me no pain during or after use .
 I just moved to the wild-fire prone desert southwest , and after a big fire in March , I knew as a smoker , it was not good enough to stub out my ciggies on the sole of my shoe and put the butt in the cigarette package . The chance of sparks flying from putting them out on my shoes is just too great . So , I went to good old amazon.com and found this ashtray , made by Zippo . I 'm very pleased with it ; it 's come in quite handy . No complaints . More people should have them . The price was low , shipping was reasonable , and I received it quickly . Great !
 There still are smokers in the world , and a number of my clients are among them -LRB- as am I -RRB- ! I have used a Zippo Pocket Ashtry for years and everyone who sees it thinks it 's fantastic . You still have to hide around a corner somewhere when you smoke , but wherever you smoke , the Zippo makes sure you do n't leave the evidence behind . That 's why I ordered a lot of these little wonders to use as closing or listing gifts to clients . Ace Mart Stores was great - rapid shipping , items in brand-new , still-packaged condition - and I 'm going to order more of these !
 As with all Zippo products its fantastic . Small enough to be pocketed but big enough to store half a dozen butts . . Its well made a slinky design make it a talked about item . Its subtle in appearance does not draw attention to its undesirable contents.All-in all and great accessory .
 The Zippo pocket ashtray is very useful . Take it with you to friends houses and enjoy not having to get up every time you need to ash . The whole thing even splits in two for easy emptying . The size is the smallest it can be while being very ergonomic . A butt can jam into the sliding mechanism sometimes and make it harder to close , but so far it 's never actually gotten stuck . It 's a great buy . Very recommended .
 Carry around in your purse or pocket , dispose of ashes and/or butts in a politically correct manner . Well made , no leaking .
 I used one of these Zippo pocket ashtrays for about two years . It is well designed , worked great , and was very convenient . My only complaint was that it was made out of cheap pot-metal and looked really beat up in a very short time . One made of aluminum or , better yet , stainless steel , would be a much better deal.Maybe they listened to me , because this product is now made of , I believe , aluminum , and does n't look shabby in a short time , like my last one did . Now , it not only works great , but looks great as well . Five stars this time .
 i really should have gotten one of these a long time ago . i 've always had a sort of grudge against smokers that like to flick their cigarette butts when they 're done smoking , and to be honest , i 'm one of those people sometimes . but ever since owning this Zippo Pocket Ashtray , i 've eliminated the chances of me littering the environment with cigarette butts , plus it 's a snazzy little device , too . it feels good in my hand , and it 's easy to clean , so there is absolutely no excuse for me not to recommend this . it 's also a great gifting item in my opinion .
 I 've had this for about a year and it does what I need it to . It holds about 5-6 cigarette butts so I do n't have to flick them into the street when I ca n't find a trashcan . It only looses a star because it is very hard to disassemble to empty it and clean it , I usually just open it up and shake it . It 's also hard to tell which part is the top in the dark , the top and bottom look exactly the same aside from the Zippo imprint.All in all I recommend it to all my smoker friends .
 I bought this after I started to feel guilty for leaving my butts on the ground . The construction 's pretty solid and I like the fact that it snaps closed . The latching method is a bit of an oddity as the spring is n't actually a spring ; more like a bent metal strip on the locking side . It was a bit of a struggle to empty it on my first attempt as it takes a bit of leverage against the sliding piece to accomplish . After a few times it 's become second nature and emptying is much easier . The case sometimes emits a slight odor when full , so I try to keep it empty more often than not . Even so , I have yet to hear a complaint and I do n't smell it unless I 'm concentrating on it . It stores quite a few butts , provided you are n't ashing into it as well . If this one ever breaks , I 'll grab another one , for sure .
 Nice product . Full metal construction . Have n't actually used it yet , but looks like it 'll work as intended . Able to be fully disassembled for easy cleaning .
 I thought every zippo brand goods are made in the U.S , but this one had a sticker that said made in china . Kinda disappointed because I thought zippo was the only brand that took pride making their goods in the zippo factories in the U.S. . In addition I do n't trust things made in China because of their poor quality and the fact that they make counterfeits and claim it to be their own thing -LRB- for instance the iphone counterfeit in china is called the hiphone which is the same thing visually but with a slower processor and a bad touch screen . I also read an article about how a Chinese made office chair 's part that does the declining function exploded and took away the guy 's leg , he ended up dying from blood loss -RRB- . But enough with criticism towards china , the ash tray is a very simple design which slides out and the tray would be located on the smaller half when pulled out -LRB- you 'll see when you get the product -RRB- . A small manual came with the package and another thing I 'm disappointed at , the ashtray does not come with the famous zippo guarantee.Pros : - simple design-light weight-pretty sturdyCons : - made in China-doesn ' t some with `` famous zippo guarantee '' - Try not to pack it too much with cigarette butts because taking it out might be a difficulty from the trayBut overall a functional ash tray with a decent price , I only bought this because zippo is a brand I can trust .
 I do n't smoke , so I do not use this as an ashtray.Instead I use it to carry various medicinal pills in my pocket ... and have been carrying it for several months now.Works great ... IF you add some cotton to the end near the opening so you can get the pills out easily.The problem with this is trying to easily identify the top so the contents do n't spill out when you open it should you hold it horizontally ... so I marked the horizontal top with bright orange nail polish.I usually keep this along with a small pen , pocket knife , and lip balm in a small zippered leather case that fits easily in my pocket .
 Zippo has done it again they have the best lighters that last forever now they have a ashtray that fits in your pocket a take along where ever you go great Idea Zippo keep up the good work !!!
 This ashtray appears to be sturdy , so there 's no chance that it will break immediately . I also like the minimalistic design of it.Update
 Love it , works great . It has a profile sorta like a BIC so it fits well in one 's pocket . Easy to use , easy to empty , no smell of butts . I 've had it over a month and it shows very little pocket wear , same as a Zippo lighter .
 I have bought several pocket ashtrays for different reasons -LRB- 1 looks like a dice -RRB- . This has to be the best one . You can fit about 3 butts in it -LRB- 4 if you squish it in -RRB- and the others seem to be smaller . Just put the butt in and close it ! Put it back in your pocket or purse and empty it next time you can . I would recommend this one over the rest . Zippo makes good products !
 I travel a lot and many cities have restrictive smoking laws.Smoking outside is bad enough and I hate to throw the cigarette butt in the street so this is perfect . It is small , works well by just pulling and using the capsule-like device . It has a big enough inner surface -LRB- I think it is aluminum and sturdy enough . Once done smoking just crush the cigarette out and the butt goes down to the chamber . This is a very useful and handy product .
 This is another great product made in the USA by the great designers at Zippo , from a company that has produces the worlds most imitated lighter design , Zippo is the standard in the industry for quality and first rate customer service , most people dont know that every item purchased from Zippo has a lifetime warranty and they will fix whatever it is for you . The Ashtray is a great little item , its hard to find a place to smoke in public these days , but this little device will have its own place in my mobile rolling/smoking kit . Dont think about it , JUST BUY IT , you WILL NOT be dissappointed !!!
 I love my pocket ashtray . My friends love my pocket ashtray . Now they dont find cigarette butts in their garbage can .
 The product was as advertised , a quality product at a reasonable price . Delivery was prompt , and the packaging was very good to guarantee the integrity of the product .
 In my opinion No flush Niacin , when taken properly , is just as effective as rx valium or xanax , no kidding ! There are so many benefits for your mind & body when taking this product . I really like that I can get pure Niacin from a trusted company w/o the worry of my system being flushed . The vegetarian capsules are perfect for me as I avoid gelatin , -LRB- made from cow hooves -RRB- , as much as possible . : -RRB-
 I purchased the Coco Mango incense some time ago and should have left a review by now . I 'm sure if the seller is still listing on Amazon but Auric Blends had the best price along with shipping . The incense themselves burn within 45 minutes to one hour . The smell is quite nice , not too strong and you can easily burn multiplies one after another as the smell keeps bringing you back . I recommend Coco Mango , but if it is n't from Auric Blends , that could potentially alter the scent since oils do n't always come from the same buyer . They may put diluted to extend the oil , thus weakening the scent in the process . Be sure to ask this question before buying . Thank you .
 This massager is a very good product . My son is paralyzed , so I use this to relax his tight muscles , which really helps make him more comfortable . The infrared heat is a plus . It is large in size , but easy to handle , with 3 different settings . Just wish it had a slower speed than is provided on unit .
 This is an amazing massager ! I have to walk a lot everyday and with a myriad of foot problems , I end up with very tired and achy feet by the end of the day . And it is then that this massager comes into play ! I use it mostly on the soles of the feet and I can feel the vibrations all the way up to my shoulders . It is extremely relaxing and soothes my foot aches a lot . A lot of times I am in so much pain that I ca n't go to sleep and this massager calms me so nice that I drift off to sleep in a few minutes . I also love the little tingly feeling that lasts for a while after you actually stop the massager , makes my feet feel light and floaty and it relaxes my entire body . I have used it on my back and arms as well , but that does n't feel quite as good as on the feet , because for one thing , the back and arms have a lot more bones that the footsoles and the massaging head hurts when it hits against my bones . I like to put it mostly against more muscular spots like the calves or thighs . So if you 're a bony person like me , you might want to keep the metallic head away from your bones . The best way to find out what works best for you is to try it and see what works best . But all in all , I definitely recommend this product for its muscle-relaxing and foot-soothing capacities !
 It just arrived tonight and I 've already got an opinion on the cover - and I 'd rather have my $ 90 back -LRB- I think the price was $ 160 w/o vs. $ 250 w / -RRB- . -LRB- For sanitation , I will of course be using clean sheets for each client anyway . -RRB- I was n't sure that I wanted it , but also I did n't want to need it and not be able to order the cover separately.As a licensed massage therapist , I have taken more than 32 hours of Thai massage training and this is exactly what I was looking for in a mat - I did n't want to make do with a futon or replica -LRB- 60x80 `` queen size '' bed toppers -RRB- . I got the 66 x 80 and I feel like it will definitely be enough space for both client and practitioner . It 's very comfortable . So far I 'm very happy .
 Since learning Thai massage , I was searching for an affordable/comfortable mat . I was glad I found one with the Shiatsu/Thai mat . It 's light enough for me to carry , thick enough to feel comfortable on any floor and well under 200.00 dollars . Thanks a lot guys . Keep up the good job . Namaste .
 I have not bought this but just wanted to note that one can find this elsewhere for as low as 120 $ without the cover .
 When I heard about the flu out break , I wanted to work on prevention . So I have been taking this product for the past 15 days , to build my immune system . While everyone else around me , has been getting sick . My body has been feeling good.I take one softgel per day with a meal .
 The reason that everything was better back when everything was worse is that when everything was worse , it was actually possible for people to have experiences that were a pleasant surprise . Nowadays , the world we live in -- we affluent , industrialized citizens , with perfection the expectation -- the best you can ever hope for is that stuff is as good as you expect it to be . You will never be pleasantly surprised because your expectations , my expectations , have gone through the roof . The secret to happiness -- this is what you all came for -- the secret to happiness is low expectations .
 Oregano ; most Americans acknowledge it strictly as a flavoring herb . You might think of it as `` the pizza herb , '' but do n't overlook the many health benefits of oregano!Traditional historical use of oregano can go as far as the ancient Chinese and Greek cultures , where it was used for the relief of fevers , diarrhea , and sore muscles . Today , modern research tells us oregano possesses antibiotic , antifungal , as well as antiviral qualities . Lab testing has shown oregano to destroy harmful Staph , E. Coli , and other bacteria . Oil of Oregano may act as an immune stimulant , making you less susceptible to cold and flu viruses.Benefits : Immune stimulantAntibacterialGums and teethBronchial healthSolaray 's capsules delivers 150 milligrams of Oil of Oregano in a base of extra virgin olive oil so you can experience the many benefits of Oil of Oregano.The best way to take this product is for 15 days , then stop for 15 days.Repeat the process .
 Im hooked on these things . I 'm a slamm woman but pretty fit and I find they are helping with my thumb arthritis .
 My husband has severe degenerative arthritis . Has had both knees replaced , and a new shoulder put in due to all theyears of hard and heavy produce work at the market . His body has taken its toll while working , especially pronouncedduring his retirement years . Was lucky enough to research this out online ; and has been taking it for over 5 years now.This has been helping him . Continually takes this , because surgeon recommends to have the other shoulder replaced too.Very happy with product , and will continue to take since it helps him .
 My aging Scottish Deerhound has improved on Cetyl Myristoleate.He moves smoother and is in an all over better `` mood '' . Recommended!This is the best deal I 've found for both quality and cost .
 This is a great product that has helped me immensely with arthritic joints . I feel better and have a greater range of motion while taking CetylPure .
 Absolutely wonderful product . Has helped with arthritis pain . Take it daily and no more pain.Highly recommend to any arthritis suffers
 I absolutely love this product as it does n't contain any of my allergic triggers , mainly glucosamine , and yet it still works just as good if not better . CMO really does &#34; nourish &#34; cartilage ! I will be purchasing these for as long as my budget allows .
 do not know if it is just because of joint lubrication but pain in finger joints all but eliminated -
 Cetyl myristoleate was mentioned to me by several agility competitors , as a joint supplement worth considering for older but still competitively active working dogs . I 'm happy to report it seems to be very helpful for my 9 year old Australian Shepherd ; we can warm up , work hard , enjoy both the running and jumping in our favorite sports , and show no signs of stiffness or pain later .
 Works for me!Why else would I be a repeat buyer?Let me see I need 9 more words ...
 I should start by saying that I was primarily looking for a healthier caffeine alternative that would serve 2 needs :1 -RRB- provide the boost I had been getting from diet soda2 -RRB- Not have all of the sodium and artificial flavorings that are in soda3 -RRB- Costs a lot less than soda per mg of caffeineWhen I found this product , I was pleased to find that not only did it meet those needs , but also included green tea extract - a great added bonus to have the anti-oxidants in addition to not having all of the bad stuff I was drinking in the diet soda . I currently take one of these with a can of Mountain Zevia -LRB- an alternative diet soda with no sodium , and flavored with stevia , a natural leaf -RRB- . The two together provide about 110mg of caffeine , which is about perfect for me to feel alert . 2-3 a day keeps me feeling sharp and awake all day , without any jittery feeling or crash one might get from coffee.I can not speak in any way about the purported weight loss/maintenance claims of this product , as I was n't really looking for it to fulfill that purpose . If I end up losing some fat , that would be very welcome , but it is n't really the reason I bought the product .
 I love Metabolife Stage 2 . Have experienced no side effects ! Experienced weight loss when I ADDEDthe exercise you need ; Metabolife gave me the energy to do it .
 It seems to give me more energy that I need and that is what I wanted . I mainly bought it for that reason . I wanted the extra boost in my day and it seems to be working with out any uncomfortable side affects . I am satisfied .
 Instead of scouring through ingredient lists to find tea tree oil in health and beauty products , and then searching -LRB- usually without results -RRB- for the amount of tea tree oil , I suggest just buying the stuff and adding it to whatever -- shampoo , cream rinse , lotions.Known mainly for its antiseptic qualities , the tea tree is most famously grown in Australia . The 100 % pure oil here -LRB- you just have to trust them -RRB- is , not surprisingly , slightly oily , with a sort of oily , eucalyptus-like scent . I suggest using it sparingly , or else rinsing thoroughly if you 've added it to shampoo . Because you do n't need a lot , the one ounce lasts several months or more , and the per annum price is a lot more palatable .
 This is one oil that i am really comfortable incorporating into my hair regimen . I was using Hesh Brahmi amla and shikaiki oils , but really did n't seem to attain much growth . there are reviews that claim that it makes their hair grow , more powere to them.But when someone posted about the mineral oil , i really started doing my research . It seems that as long as i used the Hesh oils , i was not attaining my goals , and after quite a few bottles -LRB- and in about 6 months to a year -RRB- started experiencing breakage . You know , those little short hairs that show up in the basin ? Or on your light colored clothes ? That 's breakage . Not a hair phase . I did n't want to admit it was the Hesh oils because i had stock piled quite a few bottles of this stuff.I changed my regimen , and began weaning away from the Hesh Oils . I started using the Bhringarj oil and pills , noticed a difference right away . My scalp tingles most of the time , my hair is healthier - not greasier , and i am finally attaining my hair goal.If you look at the ingredients on the hesh oils brahmi and shikaki , you 'll notice this long list . 4 other oils -LRB- including Vegetable and Mineral oil -RRB- - before you even see the word `` Brahma '' and another long list of ingredients before you see `` Amli '' ... But if when i looked at the Bhringaraj bottle there were only two
 This oil has made my hair shiny and healthy immediately with the first use . I have been using it for about a week , and my hair has stayed healthy and shiny . It takes away all kinks due to its moisturizing properties . I love this product , and in my personal opinion this is the best oil for my hair . I have tried Vatika and other Ayurveda oils . I have also tried Moroccan oil and Argan oil . This product provided the results I was trying to achieve with those other products . I will keep using it , and firmly believe that it provides the right environment for my hair to thrive in and will promote growth . My hair grows really slow naturally , but with this oil , I just know it will grow out much quicker .
 So far I honestly believe incorporating this oil into my haircare regimen has promoted my hair growth
 Amazing oil.The smell is not ovehelming like other indian oils.It has no added fragrance.It keeps my hair soft shiny and moisturised.My hair is also strong and healthy and growing.I wish they sold it in a bigger bottle .
 I have been gradually losing hair in last 5 years . I was n't using any hair oil or gel . One of my friends suggested that i should look into Bhringaraj Oil for hair falling and hair weakness . I have been using this product for almost a year now and notice stronger hair . This however does n't do any miracle and grow new hair , but it does help with strengthening existing hair . One other thing i like about this oil is that it does n't leave any bad smell .
 I did something kind of interesting with the oil - I added it to my shampoo so that every day I wash my hair , the oil smell is n't even something I worry about . It turned the shampoo a green tint but it works . One of the girls I work with just mentioned how long my hair is getting , and I 've only bee using it for 3 weeks . It dried out my hair a little bit but just throwing conditioner over it worked perfectly and my hair is soft , strong and long . :-RRB- I like it .
 I use this oil after I do tea rinses with my amla and shikakai . It leaves the scalp feeling cool , and it does relax me .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- The Products does what it says . Just be careful not to put too much or it will run down all day.Still it is very good for massaging your scalp and can be used in a bath for moisturizing your skin.Thank You Seller !
 I did a google search and found this to be the cheapest and . . it was organic ! you ca n't beat that .
 It seems to reverse hair loss , and I have found virtually no downside to this product . I ca n't imagine using anything else .
 This product is a very natural one and really works . I am using this more than a month now , and I see the results
 My hair was very damaged from bleaching , the dryer , and flat iron . After using this shampoo for about 6 weeks , my hair dresser says my hair is in great shape and has remained so with regular use for about six months now.Trouble is this shampoo has been discontinued . So you must purchase from amazon or else where if you want it .
 Maca by Natrol is excellent and works to stop hot flashes when take two caps three times per day .
 I was getting badly bitten by something in my home and I suspected fleas from my cat . I tried a number of spray products but I hated breathing the stuff and it seemed like the spray went all over the bathroom . These herbal wipes worked perfectly and stopped the bites completely . They are not greasy , and I do n't feel like I am breathing the stuff . One added bonus - the wipes seem to stop the itching of existing bites . I recommend this .
 When I was in Ecuador , I was slathering myself with these every morning before I left the house . I had to compete with weird mites and other critters flying out of dry dirt , tropical insects and , of course , potentially more-than-irritating mosquitoes.I received one bite over the course of a few weeks . It was early in the morning , while I was in bed . A spider decided that the palm of my hand -LRB- free from any blocker -RRB- looked darn tasty.I continue to use bite blocker wipes -LRB- carry-on friendly -RRB- and really can not remember the last time I did get a bug bite . It 's pretty cool , especially given how awesome these wipes smell compared to the toxic alternatives .
 Look , if you want your repellent to smell good , this one is n't for you . It does , in fact , smell a slight bit like vomit . That aside , it is herbal and you are n't rubbing chemicals all over you or your kids skin . We used this on our 1 year old when we went on a camping trip in the Amazon . A true testament is that he did not come back with bug bites . The wipe ons are very convenient for children as well . Although I do admit , it smelled a little like vomit , it works , and it is herbal and natural for children . Recommend .
 I used to have a big cardboard box full of foot products for my smelly feet . My feet were not only horrible smelling , they perspired and were almost unbearably uncomfortable and itchy especially in nylons . I also used to have to throw away perfectly good shoes because I could n't get the odor out of them . NO MORE ! Lavilin Foot Deoderant has solved years/decades of this problem . It 's so easy to use and after a while , you do n't need to apply it and your feet are still dry and odor free . Worth every penny and more .
 My daughter used to have abominable foot odor which was cured by application of lavalin . In the summer she controls it by barefooting , but in winter lavalin saves us from noxious smells .
 It is great to not smell my husbands feet as I walk through the door after work each day . No need to use those messy powders either . I have reccommended to whoever I hear has anyone with smelly feet !
 This cream really does eliminate foot odor . It rubbed off on my summer shoes that used to smell and even those do n't smell much anymore . I recommmend this product .
 I had gastric bypass surgery over 10 years ago and must take good vitamins every day . I have tried a dozen different vitamins over the year but finally found the Nature 's Plus , Source of Life , Mini Tabs . They are amazing . I feel better taking them than any others I 've every tried . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I have used Source of Life vitamins for about 10 years . I know they work well , and you wo n't be disappointed . The smaller size of the Mini-Tabs is easier to swallow for most people , like my wife . The Vitamin Shoppe via Amazon makes it easy to purchase . I live in a remote rural area , and there is no place I could even order these within two hours drive . With Amazon , I point , click , and they show up at my front door . With magic like that , 300 years ago I 'd have been burned as a witch !
 My nutritionist recommended this product . My doctor said I am in very good health and very active for a 70 year old person . I have been taking this company 's vitamins for 15 years . The proof is me .
 Wonderful product . My husband and I swear by these . And using Amazon saves us half the cost from purchasing from the health food store . And that included shipping ! And the smaller size is easier to swallow . It 's a bargain both ways ... health and money .
 My 12 year old has never willingly eaten a vegetable and only occasionally will eat fruit . I was very concerned about his nutrition and since he is able to swallow pills , decided to start him on these mini-tabs . We have seen a definite increase in his energy level and the dark circles he once had under his eyes are gone ! The tablets are not small -LRB- I 'd hate to see the regular sized ones ! -RRB- but they are packed with vitamins and minerals and even if he takes half the adult dose -LRB- which is 6 tabs per day -RRB- I know it 's an improvement.We feel that Source of Life is worth every penny .
 Whenever I 'm dragging during the day , I 'm reminded I have n't taken my vitamins . These bounce me right back ! Their great !
 I have used these vitamins for years and now my husband is also using them . I have had several experts -LRB- who want to recommend vitamins to me -RRB- look at the ingredients on the label and tell me that these are really good .
 I love these vitamins . I started taking the larger-pill version which worked great but were sometimes hard for me to swallow . So I found this smaller-pill version and have had no problems at all . They make me feel great , too . I am taking prenatals right now and therefore am on hiatus with these , but my Husband is taking them and he loves them -LRB- this is a man who never took vitamins before and never liked to -RRB- . This is a nice vitamin and I recommend it !
 The first few times I bought this product it would n't stay lit . But thankfully they adapted and over came and changed the product and it is great now . I will continue to order in the future .
 I have been using cascade complete for quite some time . It works really well with my machine - I really like it , BUT ordering it online was a BIG mistake . Both the boxes broke and the detergent got everywhere which made opening the packaging a big mess and lost me about 1/4th of the detergent . I would recommend getting Cascade , but get it at your local store - NOT on Amazon .
 I would expect that this All-in-1 Cascade detergent would work equally well in most all dishwashers but , with the Miele dishwasher , it is imperative that you use only a powder detergent.Do not use liquid or any lemon scented products or you will need the repairman to visit you just after the Miele warranty expires .
 I 've had dishwashers for years and years and at my age , nearing 60 , the last thing I want to do is stand there examining the forks to see if there is crud on them ! And with EVERY SINGLE OTHER DISHWASHER DETERGENT , that is exactly what I have to do . I tried the economy , the Earth-friendly , the packets and the sparkly finish crap , but nothing works like Csscade , nothing will EVER work like Cascade , and I frankly do n't care if it is harsh because it WORKS . Also , if you ever spill your bong water onto a white carpet , let it be known that a little Cascade rubbed into the black will take it out when nothing else will , even bleach . It 's more expensive because of one thing - IT FRICKIN WORKS ! Every time .
 This product works . It cuts through grease and dishes come out clean . The only issue I have is that the powder occasionally gets hard and stuck in the dispenser . I usually re run the cycle after scraping out the stuck detergent . Other than that , its good
 This product works well for your cleaning your dishes in the dishwasher . I have used it for years without any issues .
 My good friend was diagnosed with osteopenia , where the density in bones is lower than they should be -LRB- a precursor to osteoporosis -RRB- . After two years of taking this product along with vitamin D , her bones are back to normal.Diagnosed with osteoporosis earlier this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , I started taking Ionic Mineral Calcium about 4 months ago . I have not had a subsequent bone density test , so I can not speak to its effectiveness personally yet -LRB- it takes a while to rebuild bone density -RRB- . I can , however , say that it is the easiest way I have found to take calcium supplements that are 100 % absorbable -LRB- hence the seemingly small amount of calcium -RRB- without overloading my system with hard to process calcium pills or powders.I take it along with Vitamin D AND Vitamin K -LRB- which helps bones to stay flexible -- a great hedge against breaks -RRB- . It has virtually no taste , goes down like water .
 The extra length of this 34 '' pad is most appreciated by by 17month old . Perfect length ! It is durable and has a strap that you can attach to the changing table .
 I had a changing table top , but no pad to go with it . This fit perfectly and is nice because it 's oversized compared to the others out there . Nice cushioning , seems quite sturdy and plastic covered in case of tinkles on the pad.Highly recommend .
 Have the Emily changing table and the included pad cracked after one week of use . Bought this to replace and fits the Davinci Emily changing table perfectly . good choice but little expensive .
 This pad is perfect , waterproof for when she pees , and the soft cover thingy I got from another manufacturer fits like a glove . And she has n't rolled off of it yet , but I do n't turn my back on her , she wiggles too much .
 I have the Davinci products for their crib and changing table this was a gerat pad it even came with the belts attached . Easy to clean and perfect size .
 I have researched a lot of changing pads and even visited several stores to find the best changing pad for our nursery . We ordered this DaVinci pad sight unseen and my husband and I were very pleased with the quality as well as the size . My husband built a changing pad tray for it to fit down in and place on top of her dresser and it fits perfect . The extra few inches in length seem to make a big difference !
 This pad fits the Davinci changing table/dresser with just a small gap around it . It 's thick and does n't seem like it will tear easily . The original thin pad that came with the changing table ripped almost immediately . Although this was a little pricey , I would recommend it . Altogether , I 've been happy with this changer pad .
 Length :
 Lost 3 fingers in construction accident and were re-attached but lost the knuckles on all three . The therapist recommended the tan color.I liked it so much went and ordered all of them so I would know how much I had progressed in finger strength by the level of firmness I was able to use . Excellent product but must be supervised with kids as you do not want it around cloth or anything porous . The 4oz is the best for hand .
 We have used this product for many years with my son to increase hand strength and to help manage his stress levels-it is very theraputic and relaxing !!! I would however caution that it can be tricky to get out of carpet and other fabrics especially if it is allowed to sit .
 this stuff is great ... make sure you get the least resistant stuff if you are just starting rehab -- you will know if you have gotten the wrong resistance because your hands will ACHE about an hr after u finish ... the proper resistance feels good immediately as you use it . It takes the ache out of my hands and wrists ... and my hands can open better now than they have in ages .
 I love the putty I purchased . I am using it in home therapy after being diagnosed with RSD after surgery . It has helped me move my fingers again . I would recommend this for anyone who needs exercise putty .
 This theraputty is great for hand therapy and the progressive resistances makes it even better . Highly recommended if you have any type of hand or wrist injury , but be careful and do n't let it come in contact with anything except your hands or the containers as it will attach itself to everything and is a bear to get off . It was delivered promptly .
 Theraputty is great for forearm exercise . There are 6 levels of resistance , you can start from the softest one and slowly move up . It 's a great product .
 Great stuff ! we use this with our children who need to increase hand strength , their OT recommended it and they enjoy it so much . Its like silly putty but in different thicknesses . We like to hide marbles or beads inside the putty and have the kids find them . A great way to have fun , increase fine motor skills , and strengthen little fingers all at the same time : -RRB-
 I noticed weakness in my hands at the gun range . I was told by my gun instructor to purchase hand exercisers to help build the strength in my hands . I purchased this item and it has helped immensely . Great and inexpensive way to accomplished my goals .
 Great for kids with sensory needs !! Does n't dry out at all , and great for kids and teenagers ! The different firmness , soft to extra hard helps for kids with different needs .
 Our occupational therapist had this putty , so I went to find some of our own . It 's perfect for the fidgets and it builds hand strength ; my son 's handwriting has improved visibly . I 'd recommend for anyone of any age who wants to strengthen hand muscles , work out fidgets , or just wants to create .
 I have found theraputty to be a great reinforcing activity for preschool and elementary age children and it also strengthens their fine motor skills at the same time . Everyone gets excited when it is `` putty time '' ! I like to hide tiny beans or other small objects inside that they have to dig out with their fingers . They love it !
 My son 's occupational therapist recommended this as a stocking stuffer for him since he had enjoyed using it in OT . It 's not cheap , but it never dries out , so it is long lasting . It 's relaxing to play with -LRB- for me , too -RRB- , and fairly easy to clean up -- the only thing it was impossible to remove it from was a rubber bracelet my son was wearing . It seemed to bond with it permanently .
 Pulled a ligament in MMA training , had therapy and they used this stuff . I bought some at home for self rehabilitation . I still use it when I get injured . Best stuff out there .
 Today they do not teach anything in school , I bought this as a gift for my niece . It contains the classics that deal with childhood fears .
 I got the green -LRB- medium texture -RRB- theraputty for my 5-yr old son who has some sensory issues . He loves playing with it , and I think the consistency is good for the `` work '' he needs to do with his joints in order to calm his nervous system , i.e. when I put beads in it and he has to fish them out . He usually will work with it for 30 minutes or more . But sometimes he wants to play with it like you would silly putty . My only concern is that it warms up easily and becomes very pliable after a few minutes of playing with it , then it 's very gooey . I think I will order the blue -LRB- firm texture -RRB- next time . And it does n't stick to most surfaces , but found that it 's extremely hard to peel it off of rubber surfaces . Hard , smooth plastic seems to work best if you 're hiding things in it .
 Items as described . I used something like this while in rehab for a knee replacement . They also had you do hand strengthening exercises . We put marbles into the putty and then put it in the box when through , and the next day we would knead the putty and get the marbles out , and then replace them into the putty and put back into the box . This is a good excercise , especially when you get into the stronger putty . I could tell the difference after a couple of weeks with my finger and hand strength .
 I 'm not using these putties for therapeutic purposes , I just use it for something to handle while watching TV or playing on the computer . It seems to be excellent quality , and works very well as a de-stressor .
 Purchased for my wife who is recovering from a stroke . It 's perfect for small motor work and eye hand coodination
 We got this for my mom . Her therapist had her using it , so now she can use it at home . Quality stuff .
 Love this stuff ! Would recommend to anyone who has hand problems ! Some say silly putty will work , but believe me , this is so much better !
 if your looking to strengthen your hand grip and wrist , this is the way to go . different colors for different strengths simple container to keep it in to carry around , there are other different companies , but I suggest to try this one . You 'll be happy with the results .
 No issues here . My husband 's therepist told him to get some black level putty so I ordered this for him . It is basically a single serving of the putty that can be used over and over again .
 not only am I building fine motor skills but my sons doesnt find it work at all and actually enjoys the task .
 These clippers are of the highest quality possible . This time Panasonic used their powerful linear motor in this product . It is built and performs like a 250.00-300 .00 trimmer . For some reason Panasonic has always made some of their finer products harder to acquire - for now it is available - in the past mostly sold through very scarce professional channels . It is the perfect product . This time it comes with blade attachments up to 15mm . The USA model even comes with a charging stand whereas the direct import has less attachments and no stand . The way it is packaged it is a bargain . Made in Japan - very high quality . I use it as beard trimmer . The cheaper models have always barely worked - this is a professional grade product .
 Outstanding clippers and super speedy delivery . Had the product in my hands 4 days after ordering , and best of all , shipping was FREE . Thanks Amazon !!!
 reliable battery and strong machine . Very useful and worth the money.Two things i didnt like about the machine :1 -RRB- It doesnt matter how careful i am , it throws the cut hair all over the place . so it is kind of messy2 -RRB- i have to change the head for different length settings . and i am afraid that i will loose those little pieces some day .
 Not only are these batteries a super deal , they also are great batteries.They are just as good as Duracell , but soooo much cheeper :-RRB- :-RRB- : -RRB-
 I use these batteries when I need power immediately and I do n't have a set of rechargeables ready to go . I also use them as backups - so I do n't get caught without power and have to pay $ 1 a battery at supermarkets and convenience stores.Unfortunately , my kids keep stealing them instead of recharging their own set .
 Purchased this item when it qualified for free shipping so it was a fantastic deal to get 50 Alkaline batteries for such a price . Am waiting for same deal and will make purchase again .
 What a deal ! All these batteries for such a low price ! I bought them for all of my daughters ' numerous toys that require AA 's . And so far so good , no problems at all .
 I bought these at 9.99 -- and they had free super saver shipping . We got 2 packs of batteries and a filler item -- bubble bath - well stocked up on batteries for my daughters toys.great batteries at a great price
 50 batteries for $ 10 seems like just too good of a deal , but everything seems to be in working order . I 've been using them for weeks now and they 're holding up really well . Plus , they are n't near expiration either ! -LRB- Mar 2010 -RRB- This was a really great buy for me because my wireless keyboard/mouse eats up batteries .
 This is a great deal for batteries for all those toys your kids got for Christmas that seem like they each take 20 batteries each!I know that my kids got a Step 2 kitchen for Christmas and it takes 14 AA batteries!This package of 50 batteries is exactly what we needed and they really last . I have n't had to change any batteries yet , which is a miracle in this household !
 my kids go thru alot of batteries and this deal was a blessing.they last as long or longer then expensive name brands.they work very well.i 'll do it againg if they have this deal again.it works out to be about $ .05 each .
 No complaints , awesome duration . Grt and handy ones for all the devices at home .
 not much to say , there AA batteries . But they are great for free shipping and they were only $ 5 . What a buy . If you are worried that they are bad and old . They are new , and good quality , work fine , maybe better then regular ones too ! Great buy
 What do you expect of the batteries?By now , all the batteries I have used have done a good job . The duration of their working time maybe a little shorter , but still good enough.Good products at this price
 Batteries made in China , good for everyday use ... For $ 10 a good buy
 Its really works fine for my items as well as my son 's toys . We both are happy with this .
 Wow , 50 batteries for 9 bux is a DEAL ! And of course , it lasts as long as a name brand battery if your going to use it for small devices -LRB- cd player , clock , etc. . . -RRB- Get sumthing else if your going to use these for a camera .
 Excellent price for AA 's and these were shipped in a timely manner . I would purchase these again .
 I really can not find this good everlasting deal in local stores -LRB- also I should mention tax -RRB- . I use this battery for my logitech optical mouse and toothbrush , and it works for months . However I do not suggest you use this battery for some certain cameras which will drive you mad to the anger of changing batteries . But it 's not the fault of this battery . I will give a 4 for this battery .
 These batteries are excellent.They perform just as well as the major brands.A 5 star rating . The price vs performance ratio can not be beat.If you are tired of buying batteries every other week try these Please note the package i received was opened , and was cut , by scissors , all the bateries flew out of the shipping box when opened it . I guess someone thought this was funny.thanks guys !!!!!!!!!!!!! I thank you Stewart L.
 Unbelievable price for a package of 50 high-quality AA batteries ! Bought two ... they 're good until 2010 , so I should be in good shape .
 These batteries last as long as the name brands . We use these in pager , book lights , and a few different types of medical diagnostic equipment , without any problems.Consumer reports did a study on alkaline batteries and found them all to be pretty much the same , no matter where they were made , or how much they cost.So save your self some money .
 At 30 cents a piece -LRB- = 60 cents a pair -RRB- , these Memorex batteries are good alkaline batteries . However , do n't expect to use them in digital cameras , as they wo n't last long . For digital cameras that take AA you should use NiMH rechargeable batteries . The Memorex is great for other electronics such as CD players , MP3 players , portable radios , etc. .
 Great deal , now at 20 each.When thinking about rechargeable batteries , be aware that many -LRB- if not all -RRB- have a fullcharge voltage of 1.25 V , while the alkalineshave 1.5 V -- some equipment , like the flashattachment on my digital camera , will NOT workwith 4 rechargeable batteries -LRB- 5V -RRB- but WILL WORKwith 4 alkalines -LRB- 6V -RRB- . Test before making majorpurchases ...
 In response to Sina Neshatian -LRB- 1/16/05 -RRB-
 How can you beat the price ??? I bought this at Amazon.com from an Awesome Deal I found on DailyTool.com .
 usually when i buy batteries in bulk , i store them in a cool place or even the fridge ... i used these batteries in my digi cam that just ate batteries like crazy ... worked out very well but i ended up switching to rechargables on the digi cam and used the rest of these for my remot controls ...
 These batteries actually last a good amount . not like those cheap heavy duty ones . The price for this quality is unmatched . I highly recommended everyone to buy a pack . note
 This is the second time that I have purchased this product . I am very pleased with the value and the life of the batteries . I bought them for $ 9.99 and free shipping.I am an avid shopper and this is the best deal I have found . I would highly recommend this product .
 I bought these batteries three weeks ago from Amazon -- they were a pretty good deal for the price , and I 'm happy with my purchase . If Amazon still offered them , I 'd buy more now . Unfortunately , -LRB- at least as of today -RRB- they 're no longer available from Amazon ; the price is the same as I paid earlier this month , but the seller is now J&R Music rather than Amazon , so the additional shipping charges have nearly doubled the effective cost . Look for other batteries from Amazon instead . -LRB- A reasonable price is twenty to twenty-five cents per battery . -RRB-
 Get them on sale . They work just as well as the bigger name brands for a lot less money .
 While these batteries are certainly not as good as the better known brands , and are probably not best used in high-power devices , for smaller electrical devices they will probably last 70 % of the life while being 20 % of the price .
 My kids have lots of toys that need AA batteries they only use 1 or 2 sets of batteries before they quit playing with them so why would I buy rechargeable batteries for them
 I just received this yesterday and have already burned several sticks . I do n't know everything there is to know about incense , but I have been using it for 13 years . During that time I have burned many different brands and scents . Auric Blends is definitely one of the better brands I 've used . The scent is wonderful and they burn slowly . I ca n't say I 've timed it , but I can guess somewhere between 30-60 minutes . Just how long incense should burn.I was pretty hesitant before this . I had ordered Dragon 's Blood incense from another seller on Amazon and Night Queen from Auric Blends . -LRB- I had never used either sellers before -RRB- The Dragon 's Blood arrived first and I was very disappointed after burning the first stick . It smelled horrible ! Then 2 days later , the Night Queen I ordered from Auric Blends arrived ... . I will be buying my incense from Auric Blends from now on .
 This bottle of Tung Hai Chlorella works well as always . It gives me the energy I need to get my morning off to a good start .
 I 've ordered Opium incense many times . Much more convenient and safer than candles . I 've tried other scents and always come back to this one . Fastest delivery too . Very impressive . It 's at my door it seems right after I order it . Highly recommend this product and the company .
 Great product and great service . The incense smells great and lasts a long time . I will definitely be ordering again .
 I am an incense fanatic & thus far , these are my favorite scent . They arrive quickly & well packaged . Once lit , they last a long time & have a wonderful smell that will please most any nose . No matter how often I try out new scents locally , I always come back to these . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Great service , received it as promised and no problem with anything . I will purchase my next order of hearing aid batteries from them .
 Why buy batteries a few at a time and pay too much ? These hearing aid batteries will last a long time , and cut overall costs . Great deal !
 It is the best type of battery he has used in the last 5 years . The length of use is better than others he has tried .
 We were in need of batteries for our daughter &#8217; s hearing aids and chose iCellTech as the supplier.The order was placed and notification was received . The shipping was quick , the order arrived on time and the product is good for the price paid . In short , the product is what they said it was , their service is fast . We will surely look to them for future needs and recommend them to those we know who wear hearing aids .
 I use these in my hearing aids and I have been comparing how often I had been changing my other batteries and these last longer . Why ? I do not know but I got more usage out of them . That is important when you buy in bulk . Very quick shipping and no problems at all .
 The only problem was I got shorted by 6 batteries . The 54 i did get will last for years , unless they lose power before then .
 These are the same size 13 batteries I used to purchase at the store but a lot cheaper . They last just as long as the more expensive ones . With 2 hearing aids , I use a lot of these so this is a good buy . This was my second order .
 Daughter uses a lot of batteries for her hearing aids . It is crucial we find a good value for her .
 This is my 2nd order of these batteries . All of the ones in the first order worked great . You do need to wait about 30 seconds after you remove the seal before turning on the hearing aid . It takes time for the battery to start up .
 They work well in my new hearing aids . Long life ! Lower cost than local stores . Packaging is much like competition .
 I am 100 % pleased with these batteries . They are a great value and work just fine . I use my hearing aid about 16-17 hours a day and I would say I average about five days on a battery . I do not hesitate to recommend them .
 These batteries function very well in my MDHearing Aids . The 60 batteries last well over a year for me , and at the price they are a good value . The large number means I always have a replacement battery available if I should need one.I recommend them to other hearing aid users .
 This purchase was great because it gave you a large number of batteries at a very reasonable price . They also came in packages of 6 batteries which are easy to carry with you . I will be trying to get some more of these ICellTech Batteries as I need replacements .
 This is my second time ordering these batteries . The first set of 60 lasted 9 months ! I will definitely continue to order these !
 These batteries so far have proved to be an excellent purchase . I still have plenty of packs to go and am able to carry extras so I do n't run out . Thanks to the low cost .
 These batteries are a fantastic value for the price , I purchased them for my 83 year old mother -LRB- 2 hearing aids -RRB- they last as long as the name brand ones that go for about $ 10-12 bucks for a pack of 6 0r 8 . Will definately buy more !!
 Batteries arrived very fast . Good quality . My onyl grudge is they should have included a printed invoice with the shipment . I need it to claim on my health-care spendign account .
 I got hearing aids recently and have been appalled at how much batteries cost and how short a time they last . This package of 60 batteries was very inexpensive , and the batteries seem to work as well as any others I have tried .
 Seller was very fast with the delivery . The batteries seem to last as well as can be expected -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- . We are new to hearing aid use and the batteries that came with the devices lasted the same amount of time .
 Batteries were purchased for elderly mother . Cost savings for her wereover 50 % with same quality and same usage time . Will purchase again .
 Last nearly as long as the name brand for much less money . Will buy again when these run out .
 These were shipped super fast , quality product , lasts longer than Energizer batteries for less than half the cost of buying them in-store !! Would highly reccommend !! Thanks !
 The process of ordering was somewhat cumbersome , specially old people who are not computer savvy . Even so , I am very happy that I got the product so cheap . Excellent . I will always check Amazon first for any future purchase .
 I use two to four of these batteries per week . The last time I ran low I decided to buy these from Amazon because of the price . Now that I have used them for a while I will buy them again because of the service I receive from them . They last just as long as name brand batteries that cost twice as much .
 Cheap , and they last a good long time in my behind the ear hearing aids . Product shipped fast . I am using less batteries.I highly recommend these batteries and the seller I got them from Good value
 These iCellTech # 13 batteries work just as well as the more expensive name brand batteries I originally received with my hearing aids . Best value for your money with the 10-pack bundle !
 I have used a couple of these batteries and so far they last as long or longer than name brands
 Armstrong Once 'n Done Spray is a quick and easy way to keep my Armstrong resilient floor clean and looking good .
 I received this product on a timely basis . The outside of the bottle had a plastic seal but the inside had a broken seal . Not sure why this is but hope it does n't happen in the future .
 This product is amazing.It was originally produced in Israel and works so well . Even after bathing , it lasts for days ... a `` miracle '' produced by people known for ingenuity !
 This product works well no problems with odori believe this is a great convenient product that works well with my active lifestylea bonus is it does n't rub off on clothing . i wear mostly black and had no marks
 I have used this product for years . It is The Best ! One application easily lasts for 2 weeks . I love it and recommend it to everyone .
 A good product , often lasts 4-6 days , no irritation , no aluminum . What is in it to do this , not certain but really like it .
 I have used this product for over twenty years and think it 's the best ! I can only believe that the few negative reviews are from people who do not use it correctly . Often I can go for weeks between applications . And I recommend it to all my friends .
 this is the best stuff ever ! Use every few days and forget about deodorant - it takes care of odor and perspiration . And it contains natural ingredients . I have used it for several years , as do many of my friends now and even an adolescent young man -LRB- and they have real odor issues ! -RRB- . Works !
 have been using lavilin deodorant for many years . i really liked the old formula best , as it seemed to last a little longer . however , i use it once a week and remain stink free . as to the reviewer who said it did not work , be persistent . it did not work very well for me either when i began using it . i had to wash my underarms during the day or i would start getting odor . as the weeks went by , it began to last a week or longer with regular bathing . would n't want to be without it !
 After using this deodorant for about a month now I am amazed at the longevity of Lavilin in stopping odor . One particular application lasted for over 5 days and could probably have lasted longer . I am a person who used regular deodorant and had to apply maybe two to three times per day . Another one of my concerns was not getting yet another synthetically chemical infested deodorant . I have terrible allergic reactions to the dyes and what not in normal products . This was really a lifesaver for me . The only real qualm I have with the product is the price per ounce . It comes in at over $ 20 per ounce -LRB- that is more than the price of silver -RRB- and you only get 0.44 ounces . Mine only lasted a month without any real strenuous physical activity . And even if it lasts 2 months it would still be double the price of a stick of regular deodorant . My real problem with the deodorant is you ca n't find it at regular stores . I 'm not going to buy a month 's worth of deodorant and pay $ 5 in shipping costs everytime I run out of the miniscule amount that is given .
 At first , I was apprehensive about following the directions for uisng Lavilin.I probably would n't have , except I had cousins who had been using it . They kept describing Lavilin as `` nicer '' than other deodorants . They did n't smell bad , and he worked out a lot at the time . They explained that you used it at night and washed it in the morning . The worker in the shop where I first bought it explained the procedure in more detail . Still , no one had warned me about the three day waiting period . Well , that 's all history now.I 've been using Lavilin for more than 15 years , and I would n't go back to daily deodorant . It is much more convenient , and as someone else mentioned , it works by killing bacteria that cause odors , not by covering up odors.By the way , Lavilin seems to work longer the longer you use it .
 No other deodorant I 've tried actually works the way this does , they just try to cover up the smell . This one really kills the smell , for days at a time . Depending on how much I 'm sweating it works from 5 days to almost 2 weeks with one application . You must follow the directions
 I have been using this for many years now and will use nothing else . One review here said they only got 1 day out of it . I can not imagine how . I 'm a hairy guy so I 've found a few tricks to making it last longer . Trim the under arm hair as short as you are willing to tolerate . I buzz mine very short . Bacteria lives in the hair and on the skin . That is why it is so malodorous -LRB- fancy for stinky Jim -RRB- . The fewer surfaces for the bacteria to live on , the easier this product will work . The more hair the harder it is for lavilin to be distributed evenly . I found that as the hair grows , so does the odor . I have also found that activity and diet play a roll in how long it lasts . I can get as much as 14 days out of it but in summer I 've gotten as few as 4 days .
 I 've used this for 15 years or more , and wondered if it had changed with the new packaging , but after using the new package , it seems to be the same quality . Good stuff , and even in Florida heat in the summertime , it will last weeks with a single application . -LRB- at least for me , and I sweat a lot ! -RRB- It 's not an antiperspirant , so it does n't clog your pores , but simply prevents bacteria from forming and creating the smell associated with underarms .
 I became allergic to deodorants with aluminum chlorate , out of desperation I tried Lavilin because I was on vacation and needed something . I thought it was too expensive . Now I love it and think it may even be cheaper than others.My reasons why I 'm a fan -LRB- and am writing my 1st ever product endorsement :1 For me , it does the job , no underarm odor . -LRB- Including no perfumy smell -RRB- 2 I only need to apply it 1/week at the most -LRB- good for travel , backpacking -RRB- 3 No rashes , irritability
 I would be happy to find a natural deodorant that worked for one day . This one works for days ! I even work out and sweat but no smell ! I have tried just about every other brand . Anti-perspirants leave cysts under my arms and the crystals have the same effect .
 I do yoga and when I use this product , I do not have to reapply for 7 days . I kid you not ! No smells , and even if I forget my odor does not come back in full force . It 's low keyed and I 'll remember that last week was the last time I applied . Perfect !
 I purchased this item after having used it before . I have found that it takes very little and works over several days while it does not work for seven days as the box says . I have found that the little jar lasts a very long time .
 I have a rather odd problem under my arms . I get an irritation that nothing seems to help , a painful itching internal pain . Oddly enough this under arm cream changes the ph and relieves the pain.As for odor control , it works pretty well , I find myself applying a small amount every few days if I am working hard . Or right before important events I apply some as a safe guard . At some periods in my life I would only apply it once a week.Overall I would recommend trying this deodorant as their is nothing like it and I have been very happy with it .
 After getting fed up with rashy armpits , I wanted to look for something different . I was a bit skeptical of the claims , but thought it was worth a try . It took a couple of weeks of use before it became really effective , but I 'm VERY pleased with the results . When I first started using it , I did notice the `` skunky '' smell that some others have described . After some experimentation , I discovered I was applying too much . Once I backed off on the amount , it really made a difference . During the winter , I can go a week or ten days before reapplication . I 've found in the summer , it 's more like 3-4 days . That just might be how my body chemistry works , though . Overall , QUITE pleased and no more skin irritation.One tip I have is using a rubber glove for application . That keeps the pasty stickiness from staying on your fingers after application . Hope this works as well for you !
 My son introduced Lavilin me . Paste or roll-on , you ca n't dress until dry ! Put on before bed , get up , shower & get dressed ! How often depends on the person a & weather . My sister said , I do n't need deodorant unless outside working , but when I did , it did n't work . They say it may take a few uses for your body to become adjusted . This was the first product I ordered on line . About 2 years ago , I looked the company up on Google . Fortunately , I read more then their listing . I found the company was taking money & not sending products . What was I to do ? I went to Amazon & did a search . THANKS AMAZON.COM MLWS
 I have used this deodorant for about 3 years , and it is the best . The rock crystal did not work for me . This lasts for a week , through showers and swimming . Excellent product !
 I began using this deodorant in 2008 , when I was undergoing radiation treatment for breast cancer . The doctors refused to let me use regular deodorant , as it interfered with the radiation process . I smelled bad , using the other natural products on the market . Then I found this stuff , and I have never changed from using it ! I apply 2x per week , and love it . Furthermore , the mail order house I bought it from discontinued the product , and I was beside myself until I thought to find it on Amazon . Saved !
 Deodorant , not anti-perspirent . Works really well . You might have to apply it a couple of times the first time , however , I 've got to where I can go 2 weeks at a time now .
 I have been using this product for many years . It is the most effective deodorant I have ever used . I work closely with people all day long and need to have protection from underarm odor , without aluminum -LRB- which is in nearly all commercial deodorants -RRB- . Many of the `` natural '' deodorants are not so effective , especially after a long day at work.I love this one .
 I 've been using Lavalin for decades and it 's the only deodorent I care to bother with . It has a nice natural fragrance and lasts a long time . I 'm sure some people have different body chemistry and may get different results ; but for me it 's great ! Worth every penny .
 Amazing product - one small application really does last 8-14 days , and I live in the desert southwest , and swim and shower every day at least once . They say it works by stopping bacteria -LRB- which are apparently what causes the smell , yuck -RRB- - whatever , it WORKS ! And keeps down my chances of Alzheimer 's too , because there 's no aluminum in it - check out your current product , bet it 's full of aluminum ready to seep into your body through your underarm pores , one of our most permeable areas . Just love this stuff ! It really works ! -LRB- Though , I confess , I did n't believe it either till I tried it -RRB-
 Used this for years and would never be without it . Keeps underarms fresh and perspiration free.So glad I found it on the net as my old supplier -LRB- heath food store -RRB- is no longer in business .
 This paste is incredible ! You put it on at night , and scrub it off in the morning . Presto , no underarm smell . For DAYS afterwards . I do n't have bad body odor , but this makes it so I have no underarm odor at all . Other pluses are no toxic aluminum , no anti-perspirant yellow stains on clothes -LRB- that are impossible to remove , especially on white blouses -RRB- , no icky fragrances , no stickiness during the day . One caveat is that it is a white paste , and will rub off on your pyjamas -LRB- you wear it overnight -RRB- . But that washes off easily with no staining left . Just be careful not to get it on something black that you ca n't wash with soap and hot water , like a cashmere robe or something . I think the main ingredient is zinc oxide , something non-toxic but antibacterial , in a corn starch paste . P.S. . It is NOT an anti-perspirant . It just takes away all the odor .
 I was introduced to this when it was sold in the black boxes . It now seems to require application more frequently than what I remember years ago , but this is still much better than daily use of pore-clogging deodorants with aluminum powder . Formula change ? Perhaps . Lavilin swears no , but no sense living in the past . The alcohol and chemicals in other deodorants can be harsh on sensitive skin , but this is tolerated in a lot of cases where common deodorants fail . If you have a history of skin irritation from deodorants , or have sensitive skin in general , give this a try . It 's not a miracle cure , but it works in more cases than not.Days between required application seems to vary based on my activity-level and season . As few as 4 days in the summer , while 5 and even as long as 7 in the winter .
 I have been using lavilin for 30 years and love only needing to apply deodorant once a week Daily deodorants cut out in the middle of tough days , but lavilin , by helping me manage my underarm microbes , always lasts .
 This deodorant is great because it 's not full of Alzheimer-associated metals , and one package will last me almost a year so it 's very cost-effective . Of course , being vegan myself helps me use less deodorant than your average meat-eater since I 'm not releasing toxins through my sweat all the time . A little dabble of this under each arm lasts me all day , even days in which I include a workout !
 This deodorant is great . It only requires a dab under each arm about once every 2-5 days depending upon how physicial you get during the day and how healthy your body is in general.You can sweat and it does not have an offensive odor unless you are sick or toxic.So I strongly recommend it for most people .
 This is a very good product . I discovered it in trying to avoid a daily dose of chemicals , and it works just fine . I see from other reviews that some people might be expecting the perfect dryness they got from standard antiperspirants , and you just wo n't get that here -- it IS a deodorant . It is very important to follow the directions for starting use , and in that transition period you might feel uncomfortable . There 's nothing that says you ca n't wash more frequently or augment the Lavillin with corn starch or powder , so try that . Once your body adjusts , you will probably use it about twice a week , maybe three times in the summer . Give it a chance , and I think you 'll be happy with it .
 I have used this product for almost 20 years and have always found it to work very well . I have read , from other reviews , the formula has changed , not to my understanding . The packaging has changed from the small black container to the white container and possibly the portion in this container is smaller . Does n't matter , one of these containers lasts 3 months or more and the best part , I do n't feel like I 'm toxifying my body with all the chemicals in standard underarm deodorant found on the shelves of grocery and drug stores .
 This is my favourite recent discovery ! A friend recommended this product & I have been using it for about a year & a half now and I would hate to be without it.I apply the cream under my arms every 6-9 days and the smell goes away ! -LRB- I sometimes forget to re-apply periodically and I am reminded by a bad smell that is there even after bathing -RRB- . I really appreciate that my body is allowed to eliminate toxins through sweat as nature intended but without the smell!I find most traditional antiperspirants with aluminum derivatives in them make my fingers tingle after application -LRB- That ca n't be good for me -RRB- . I am very pleased with this product and I find it works well ! I like to buy the Larger Size because I find it to be a better value ! Lavilin Underarm Deodorant Cream - Large Size , NOW FoodsI typically get 6-9 days out of each application.BRAVO Lavilin ! Keep up the good work ! Thanks for creating & selling a product that helps me stay healthy & smell good at the same time !
 I bought it for my boy friend . This is the only product he uses . He uses this product weekly . One application lastes a week or more . I recommend it .
 Low fragrance , lasts nearly a week , does not irritate the skin like other deodorants tend to do .
 For those with sensitive skin , finding an effective , non-iritating deodorant is a problem . Lavilin cream seems to be a good choice .
 Beware of substitutes , the ones I have tried did not work , but this does if used about once a week , showered after , and never putting on used clothes from before the treatment .
 I have been using the Hlavilin cream underarm deodorant for 3 years - the same container ! I thought I was crazy to pay so much for a deodorant but it has come out cheaper then any other roll-on or stick . Just a tiny amount of cream lasts me for 2 weeks or more . You must follow the instructions when you start the procedure . Also I found that putting on too much gives less effective protection . Dont be tempted to spread it around.Just `` a little dab will do it '' . I dont know anything about a new formula .
 Considering that this is for your underarms that is astounding . One petroleum product , n every thing around us is made of it . I 've been using this for over ten years . I use once to twice a week . If you have problems with sensitive underarms or sensitive lyphnoid system this is for you . Do n't let the price scare you because the product lasts because you do n't use it that often . After ten years of use , I use it less and less .
 Great product that really works!Glad that someone still carries this product!If you are sensitive to other deoderants , this is the producvt for you !
 I find this Rollator/Transaport chair to be very useful . As a Parkinson 's patient , I tire easily . With this chair I can walk and when I get tired I can sit . If I am walking too slow I can sit and be pushed along . It is easy to fold , just do n't forget about the cord under the seat to pull up the legs . This is a great mobility aid .
 A few years back my health had a temporary setback that had me dependent upon a wheelchair . I was also traveling to see specialists and needed something that could fold up quickly and compactly to fit in either a car or on a plane . The Airgo Navigator can fold up just small enough to fit in the overhead compartment of airplane which means you never have to be separated from your own personal equipment . Fits easily in a trunk of a car as well.Folding it does take some practice and having a couple of your own bungee cords or velcro straps is advisable to keep things * tight * . It 's a bit like getting a tent back in its bag and for me required 3 or 4 tries to get it down pat ; not especially difficult but I 'd say it definitely requires practicing a few times to get it right so you can perform this action quickly if necessary.Other features I like
 I was chromium deficient and this product put me back in balance . It was easy to take and complimented other supplements I take .
 Product showed up on-time and looked exactly like the photo . It 's a copper supplement , so it tastes a little like copper . I would recommend this supplement to friends and family that need a little more copper in their diet .
 I am 28 and have had stiff , ache joints for a few years . I used NAG 750 for a couple of weeks and the pain disappeared . Once I ran out , I noticed the stiffness started to return slowly . It is time to order some more . For the price , it is well worth having my life back without the aches . I hope it works as well for you as it has for me .
 Before I started taking this , I could n't even use a toothpaste like Squigle -LRB- which uses a mild surfactant , Polaxamer , versus the harsher surfactants , like Sodium Lauryl Sulfate , that major brands use -RRB- because it would give me painful canker sores . Two weeks after starting Jarrow NAG , I started using Squigle . I got two minor -LRB- less painful than usual -RRB- sores , but they went away after a week and I have n't had any since -LRB- I 've been taking this product for six weeks -RRB- . My nutrition-expert-friend says that it takes 4-6 weeks for the oral mucosa to regenerate and hence see the effects of NAG , so my experience fits with his explanation.I 've also found that this has reduced stiffness in my shoulders and back . I used to be particular about the bed I slept on . Now I 'm more flexible about where I sleep . Even when I sleep on an older , soft mattress , my back does n't hurt in the morning -LRB- it would before I started taking NAG -RRB- .
 I am not sure if it works for joint pain since I do n't have any but it improved my leg stiffness by at least 50 % . BTW , my doctor recommended N-acetylglucosamine
 You must check side effects and interaction online , webmd is a good source of information -LRB- Blood thinners interact with it -RRB- . It helped me with my joint pains the very first day , and after 2 weeks my pain was gone
 After an entire year of suffering from infections -LRB- UTI 's on and off , Vaginal Infections , at one point I actually had a Blood Infection , I also had constipation issues , weight loss , Chest pains , intercostal pain etc. . . -RRB- I added this into my daily dietary Supplementation . The bottle lasts quite a while at 2 capsules per day - which is good if you are trying to clear parasites from your system , since it would kill the current infection and also last long enough to kill any new parasites which hatched from the first round that you killed . -LRB- I have read that wormwood , or artecin as it 's called on this bottle , does not kill parasite eggs -RRB- . Anyway , after all of the antibiotics my intestines needed support , so I paired this with L-Glutamine Powder Daily -LRB- I used Jarrow Brand -RRB- as well as a daily high quality -LRB- refrigerated -RRB- probiotic supplement . -LRB- It was suggested by a teacher that I was suffering from leaky gut , which I am not sure of , but regardless , all of these supplements helped me fight off the infections along with Grapefruit seed extract , which is a -LSB- controversial -RSB- antibiotic . All of the infections that I had were resisting modern conventional antibiotics , for whatever reason , I have no idea ... -RRB- All have been extremely helpful in my constipation issues and helping my body 's immune system and natural healing process . Just for the sake of detoxing my system and general maintenance , I intend to use this product one to two times yearly , probably as a spring and fall cleanse .
 good stuff I really like this product . Give it a try and you want be disappointed . Great quality is a plus
 I have tried every brand of diapers on my twins . . Pampers is the best ! They never leak and hold on tight while my babies run away ! I do n't have to worry about them breaking open and leaving behind a big mess . The pampers Cruisers Have gotten me through all my Toddler days ! I Love know that when one of my Toddles has a fall that their diaper will be there for the long hall!They are not Big or bulky and I Love being able to dress my Twins without the worry of having to dress them around the diaper!They have a great fit and so far my twins have not been able to take them off like a few other brands . ~ ~ Amazon.com makes it easy for me to buy diapers . . However I wish that they would get the price to stay one price . . and be able to keep these diapers in stock .
 I 've used Cruisers for my son since he was a newborn . I like them -- no problems with leaks , and they also do n't have the baby-powder smell of the Baby-Drys -LRB- also by Pampers -RRB- . Size 6 is sometimes hard to find in the supermarket , so I like to buy them online . If you buy them in the large box , you do n't have to dispose of extra packaging .
 I have to agree with the other person from MN . Pamper Cruisers are the best diaper on the market by far . Maybe someone should start a `` How to diaper '' class . LOL
 If they are leaking you need a larger size or better yet use pampers easy ups and start to potty train .
 I do n't know what the other two ladies are talking about . I have 6 kids in my care five days a week for 8-10 hours , plus my own 15 month old . I use Pamper 's Cruisers on all of them and have yet to have a leak . I guess it depends on the child and the person doing the diapering ! I 'd never buy any other brand .
 I recommend this vitamin to all of my friends . I was n't feeling up to par for a while so I decided to try a different multi . I turned to this one after talking to someone at the local health food store . I tried the first bottle and could definitely feel the difference . I do n't take three . I take two in the morning with my breakfast and it seems to work . It does NOT make you jittery and contains NO caffeine which is great .
 The Old School medicine is better than all that new stuff on the shelf . It works better for Colds and Sinus problems .
 This product is very hard to find , and I am happy to see that Amazon carries it . This is one of the very few cold tablets that actually works for me without side effects .
 Our family has used this for years and works so well . I have n't been able to find it in the stores anymore , so I resorted to ordering online . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I 've been using Chlorella for years . Its the best pill form of `` vegetables '' i can get in one convenient swallow .
 I 've been taking Tung Hai Chlorella since mid-June as part of a healthier life style -- walking an hour each day , eating fruit , veggies , and cereal with cheese , yogurt , and occasional fish as protein.We are recommending Chlorella to friends .
 I have tried every cane sugar substitute there is and this stuff is the best.It does n't affect my blood sugar levels ... it 's good for my gums and teeth.It tastes great and no icky aftertaste.I use a bit more than I would cane sugar.I have recently learned that Birch Sugar and other xylitol products are poisen to dogs and cats .
 Definitely better than sugar and healthier for the teeth too.It has a much more refreshing taste than sugar and I feel just a little goes a long way in terms of sweetness so in the long run if you are not a person who uses sugar on a daily bases this is a great product to get for those few times you may need some sugar for baking or making candy and want a more healthy option for your teeth , your body , and for your family.This brand is one of the best out there , in comparing with other brands I have purchased in a store like `` Emerald '' and the `` Now brand '' , those other brands did not compare to this one . If you want one of the best Xylitol brands ... This is the one to get . Testing them side by side , this one wins!I have cooked with this and it works fine for baked goods ... but if you have a baked good that requires you to make a syrup from sugar ... Xylitol does not work the same way , it will crystallize back after it cools and will not stay in a syrup state ... but I am sure there is some trick one can do to make it stay in syrup form after heating -LRB- maybe adding a little cornstarch or baking soda who knows ! -RRB- but you will have to research on it ! let me know if you find out : -RRB- Update 2012 : It seems the company has changed the package sizing from 2 lbs -LRB- 909 g -RRB- to 1.75 lbs -LRB- 795 g -RRB- and still charging the same price without explanation ! They have decreased the amount of Xylitol and are still charging the same high price which really is unfair . . We are now getting less product for what we are paying . Also , a lot of the companies selling the product here on Amazon are taking advantage . You need to make sure you do not pay more that $ 19.00 for this . I am so disappointed in the company and Sellers on Amazon as this was my favorite brand .
 I always buy this product and use it in all cooking and baking . It measures the same as `` regular '' sugar , yet does not effect the sugar level in the body . Since my husband is diabetic and I have to watch sugar intact some myself , this product if the perfect answer for us . We highly recommend it .
 I bought this because I found out the previous brand I had was made from corn and not birch trees . I prefer to avoid corn products because of the pesticides used to grow them are toxic and some products are genetically modified . I read the other reviews and decided to try the Ultimate Life Sweetener . Like other xylitol products , the crystals are large and do not dissolve unless put in hot liquid . It has a great taste and I am very happy with it . I use it in herbal tea and on cereal . For dental use , I also found that you can put a piece of sugarless gum in your mouth and add a pinch of xylitol to turn your favorite gum into xylitol gum . It 's a little crunchy at first , but I like it !
 I love this in baked goods . I would recommend this to anyone who can not have sugar in their diet .
 This is the best xylitol I have ever used . The others are somewhat less expensive , but this one truly works just like sugar . I have n't been disappointed yet , and plan on ordering more for Christmas baking soon !
 I searched this product out after reading the JJ Virgin Diet on my Kindle . I have always used Truvia , but was not sure if it was the best choice . I mainly use this to sweeten coffee and tea .
 Trying to cut back on sugar , but love to bake . This product is expensive , but worth it . It does n't give sugar highs/lows and looks and tastes like real sugar . Use it without any adjustments in any recipe and it does n't give off a bitter after taste in my morning coffee .
 I have used the product every time my legs swell . It does not take long to work ... the first one you take starts working right away . There is not side effects and I could not be more pleased . I order every time I have a problem with swelling . It really works ! Thanks
 I started taking Capisette Caps about a year and a half ago . After taking prescriptions my doctor recommended for over 5 years ; swelling inmy ankles and feet kept getting worse . After surfing the internet , I pulled up Progressive Health site and read about Capisette Caps and how theproduct might help control the swelling . I talked to my doctor and he said for me to `` go for it . '' I immediately ordered the product . I taketwo capsules each day . I have decided to decrease it to one tablet each day for a couple of weeks to see if it will be a correct dosage for me .
 I took this product for swelling due to tendonitis in my foot/ankle . The swelling in my foot/ankle has gone down considerably . I do n't take a full dosage . My doc recommended 1 tab a day to start .
 Two capsules of capisette twice a day really has helped to reduce extreme swelling of extremities . This product was helpful where the advice of doctors did nothing too remedy this condition for 10 years . Skipping a dose results in only silght swelling . I recommend this product to those persons who have ths condition .
 I tried taking EVERYTHING for Lymphedema complications of the leg . Everything else was frustrating and expensive . Capisette did exactly what is was suppose to . Now I am able to manage my lymphedema and live a more comfortable life and not break the bank or go to a fancy expensive doctor . If you continue to take this product it will continue to prove better results . GREAT PRODUCT I WISH I COULD GIVE 20 STARS !!!
 I use this product to control swelling in my ankles . It does a great job . Directions say to take three x a day but once works for me . Unless I have n't taken it in a while & they have started to swell then I take it twice a day for a week , the swelling subsides & I go back to once a day .
 I have a problem with my ankles swelling -LRB- especially during hot and humid weather . -RRB- They swell so bad that you ca n't even tell that I have an ankle bone . I always keep Capisette in stock for this purpose . I take them regularly during the spring & summer months and just whenever I need them other times . I hate going to the doctor and definitely prefer natural herbs to prescription medicine . I would recommend this product to everyone with fluid issues .
 Both my feet were swollen . I never have this problem.I was very happy with this product and it worked for me.I was able to reduce my dosage and am now off the product.I do not know what my problem was , but I am ok now.I will take it again if I ever need to .
 These capisettes along with a concerted program to control fluid retention is an excellent way to get control of this extremity problem . It takes positive action along with your doctor to get control of your own situation .
 I bought this product to reduce the inflammation in my calfs due to what my doctor calls Periphereal Edema . I had been using compression stockings and my doctor prescribed lasix to flush excess water from my system . I tried this for more that 9 months with little relief and lasix is toxic to kidneys so I was looking for a way to reduce the edema without this toxic addition to my regimen . As a diabetic ... the one thing I do n't need is a pill that is bad for my kidneys . So in an effort to reduce the use of these harmful drugs in the amount prescribed ... I went to Dandelion Root and bought some neoprene compression sleeves ... which seemed to help . Bought the Capisette on 12/28/2012 and have been taking double doses of it since then ... and the results so far are more immediate than the things my doctor prescibed . The swelling is going down and the color is returning to my skin . The spots are drying out and itch occasionally . I plan to continue using Capisette until the issue is resolved and may continue to take the recommended dose forever if need be .
 I had suffered with Edema for a number of years . When I saw the ad for this product I decided to try it . It not only worked well , but after only using it for 3 months I no longer suffer with swollen ankles and legs . I can enjoy walking , wearing dresses and nice shoes again ! I recommend this product .
 I tried Capisette based on the write up given by Progressive and have been using it for several years . It is very effective for me . My cardiologist and dermatologists are impressed and I have avoided edema problems . The proof came when I ran out for a week and swelling increased . When I started Capisette again , the edema swelling went down . I 'm very happy with the product.Jack ChamblesTucker , GA
 I bought a steamer and both the Micro Fiber Miracle Cloth and the ShamWow to help clean the fireplace , stove , microwave and fridge . While ShamWow may be great for absorbing spills , the Micro Fiber Miracle Cloth was superior for cleaning . I first steamed the dirt to loosen it , then followed up with the ShamWow first , then the Micro Fiber Miracle Cloth . The ShamWow did ok , but the Micro Fiber Miracle Cloth seemed to pick up soot , cooked on food , and refrigerator gunk easily - all without chemicals ! The Micro Fiber Miracle Cloth is fantastic !
 I use the miracle cloth to clean my eyeglasses , my Kindle , my iPod Touch , my camera lens , TV screens , and the screens on my laptops and external computer monitors . I have not found anything that removes fingerprints and smudges as easily or effectively .
 These cloths are awesome . I originally started out with one of these cloths in my home and gave it a try . Once I saw the great job that a single one does with picking up messes like a sponge , I opted to buy more via Amazon . Now they 're in almost every room in my home . I like the fact that they clean up without having to use cleansers with harmful vapors . They are very `` Pet Friendly '' .
 I purchased these as dish rags for the kitchen because they dry out very quickly and do n't get that nasty stink when rags stay damp for a long time . They work very well to wipe up spills and are very absorbent . The only complain I have is that they stick to other clothing items when I do the laundry and sometimes I do n't find them until someone tries to put that shirt on !
 Reviewing something as mundane as a cleaning rag may sound strange , but if cleanliness is important to you , then it makes sense . I love these not only because they clean well , but because they dry quickly . I think this is much more sanitary , because a damp cloth breeds bacteria . With a toddler in the house , it 's important to me that I can dry and put away my cleaning rags quickly .
 I have used these cloths for many years and bought them for the first time on Amazon after no longer being able to get them at Bed , Bath , & Beyond . I use them wet in the kitchen on my counters and appliances - they rinse out easily and squeeze very dry so they leave no streaks . They are great dry for dusting and do not stick to your fingers the way many cheaper microfiber cloths do.This past summer I learned that they really do work like miracle cloths when I used them to clean the vinyl siding on my house . They cleaned without a lot of pressure and got all of the dirt out of the textured siding.I throw them in the washer and dryer . The only negative I have to offer is that tomato stains really are tough and usually impossible to remove .
 I use my miracle cloths all the time . My mom gave me two of the ones from her package and I LOVE them ! You must be sure and not put them in the dryer WITH a dryer sheet . You can dry them but do n't use a fabric softener sheet . I use mine with water to clean anything glass ; merely wet one end of the cloth and squeeze out excess water . Use the wet end to wipe windows , oven doors , counter tops , refrigerator doors , ANYTHING and use the dry end to do the final shine . No need for windex or any other cleaning agent . If you are concerned about germs , use the new Clorox Anywhere cleaner with it . Works like a charm !
 It 's ok a bit tough you might think your doing more harm than good but your not . Great for your high price TV
 Exactly how they were described . I have been using them for a month and a half now , and they are really great .
 Thank you for a `` As Seen on TV '' at a reasonable price.I got the towels quickly .
 I used the Rainbow Light Menopause One and my hot flashes actually stopped . I started around late August 2010 , It took about 4 to 6 weeks to see ' results . I took 1 vitamin each day and I saw a decline in the hot flashes each day , until one day I realized I did not have any hot flashes . The effects may vary from one person to another . I took the vitamins with my breakfast.These vitamins do no bring instant relief , but rather a gradual change . I contacted the Rainbow light company and they responded with the reply to my question as to how long does it takes to see results and they were right , it took about 4 to 6 weeks . All natural ingredients .
 To sum it up its a great pen . I like the .5 mm lead and so many of the multi-pens have .7 mm , so it make this one a good choice . However the ink cartridge inexplicably exploded inside the pen about 2 month after I got it . I cleaned it out so its good now but it should n't have happened on a $ 30 pen . I have had free ones that did n't , ever . Probably just bad luck .
 I have bought 4 of them . I lose a lot of pens it seams . I also had one taken by a doctor once . LOL . The only flaw I found is the removable cap where the eraser is kept is easy to lose .
 Am very pleased . Do not need to carry a pencil , highlighter , and pen separately . Can do it all with just this one unit . Am pleased , and since it is a Cross , the quality of the unit is great . Do not think you would be disappointed at all with this unit .
 i bought 2 for me and my girlfriend , they are very useful.this price is the cheapest one i can find on amazon , and free shipping.i received these pens within 6 days , it 's very fast , ^_^
 I have had several Tech3 's and have been very please with the writing quality and the workmanship of the pen . Regarding the order process , I found the user interface friendly and the processing of the order was prompt including the delivery of the pens within the estimated time of delivery . I am very satisfied with both the product and the electronic purchase .
 I purchased six of these pens as Christmas presents for 6 grown up children ... If its Cross you know that it will be good quality ... They are useful ... Everyone has the same value present ... Amazon makes shopping easy ... large range of products ... Good value ... Price was lower than office supply store retail . . Amazon service , order and shipping info useful ... Keep doing what you are doing ... the way you are doing it !
 The transaction is smooth and the item is same as described . Very nice writing instruments ! I have three Tech3 .
 I liked a lot , really good product , easy to use and fells great at writting
 This is my 3rd Cross Tech 3 . I carry it with me 90 % of the time . If I could stop loosing them I would still be on my first one . The 3-in-1 is great
 Cross has gotten this pen right . They offer a unique multifunctional pen with the perfect complement of red ink , black ink and mechanical pencil all in one unit . And they made it sleek and professional looking ... worthy of any executive suite . I use both pen and pencil so the Tech 3 proves very convenient - no more searching my desk for multiple pens . Given the proliferation of touch screen phones/blackerries/etc , not having the stylus does not detract from this pen -LRB- usually offered as a fourth function on other multi pens -RRB- . I have small hands which makes the smaller-than-typical diameter of the barrel very ergonomic and easy to use . I also prefer its lighter-than-typical weight -LRB- almost similar to regular cross pen offerings -RRB- . I did not find slipping a problem - I did get the satin black finish versus the chrome . Rarely has a product stood out so superior to other available alternatives , that I felt compelled to write this review .
 I 've been using this pen for almost one month , and works perfectly well . Is smooth , in red or black ink , and the mechanic pencil makes this pen quite perfect for write , and for a very reasonable price .
 I just purchased this pen 2 days ago and so far it has been fabulous . I am an auditor and require red and black ink , as well as a pencil , this makes my life so much easier and I do n't have to worry about carrying 3 pens around with me . I am going to take the suggestion of one of the other posters and order some additional refills , so I wo n't be scrambling when it runs out .
 As a nurse and teacher a two color pen and pencil in one is great . Everyone could use one of these .
 great product , very usefull but the ink does not long much , so if you are someone who is going to use it like me , in the university then buy addicional ink because the one that the pen brings wont last long .
 This Pen/Pencil is fairly amazing ; not perfect , but close . Having three writing options , without weighing down your shirt pocket is great . I do n't carry a purse , but imagine it would be a great benefit to have just one `` pen '' in your purse ... . just reach in and grab it , knowing it 's going to do whatever you need it to do.The black and red pens are both fine point , but flow very smoothly , unlike many fine-points . The pencil works flawlessly so far . It is designed so that you do n't have to take time to fully retract the lead before you retract the pencil tip . I would prefer a wider/larger eraser , but the slim contour sacrifices the diameter to increase looks . The eraser may not last quite as long , but it works well . The twist-on eraser cap is slightly harder to get off than slide-on designs , but should be a little more secure -LRB- harder for it to inadvertently fall off -RRB- . The twist action to switch between writing instruments is fairly smooth , although not quite as precise as I had anticipated . It requires a little care to ensure the selected pen/pencil is in the correct position , but it seems to be easier after familiarization . My biggest disappointment was the shipping time -LRB- 11 days -RRB- , but that was my fault ; I 've made the same mistake before , thinking the free shipping would not take as long as it did . Unless you really do n't want it quickly , pay a few dollars more and do n't accept the free shipping . Even with the shipping fee , Amazon 's price is better than anywhere else I found . I 'm very satisfied with the multi-function pen , and may consider getting some for gifts .
 This is my favorite pen of all time . The new capacitative touch cap is exactly what this svelte little writer needed . It 's so thin for a tri-function pen . People are usually really surprised when I switch colors since it 's thinner than some single-function pens.This is actually my second Tech3 pen and I noticed Cross changed the spinning mechanism in the pen . It feels more solid -LRB- it was already very smooth -RRB- , but it will only turn in one direction now . This kind of annoyed me because I used to keep it centered between black ink and mechanical pencil and go back and forth between the two . This new mechanism will allow me to extend one tip and retract it again , but if I want to switch , I can only progress forward to the next color , but not back . A minor inconvenience -LRB- and probably more of a convenience if you 're not like me and do n't memorize the order/positions of tips -RRB- on an otherwise flawless product .
 The multi-function abilities of this pen is what originally caught my eye in the office supply store.I purchased this on pen Amazon over 2 years ago and still use this pen every day.I use off brand refills as they are cheaper and can be found in colors other than red and black.In terms of the balance and feel of this pen I could n't ask for a better design.I am knocking off one star because the eraser cap -LRB- or just the chrome part -RRB- can easily be lost and the pencil mechanism can only hold a few pieces of graphite .
 I 've used this pen for a few years , and it 's just perfect ... . the reason i keep buying it is because im careless and keep loosing it .
 Love the multifunction of the pen . Am surprised how helpful the red is to make document edits easier to see.I have n't been floored with the stylus but love the feel and flow of the pen . It has become a regular in my everyday paperwork routine .
 This pen is awesome . You can change the top of the pen depending on the use . I use it in my iPad 2 and it works great ! Very classy one .
 I 've been a fan of Cross pens for a number of years -LRB- With my first being a Cross ION collapsible pen when I was a teen -RRB- . So when I was in the market for a new pen I naturally viewed what Cross had to offer and was not disappointed . The Tech3 + is a lightweight pen for the multitasker on the go . The ease to go between pen to red pen to the stylus on the top of the pen make it easy for me to be able to go from my Nexus 7 to paperwork to spreadsheet audits with relative ease . The smooth black finish also makes the pen rather stylish in my opinion . Access to low cost , standardized Cross refills also makes the life of the pen far more cost effective in the long run . I will definitely be recommending this pen to coworkers and friends .
 This was a gift . My brother loved it , and loved that it is 3 - in - 1 . As long as you do n't lose it , this pen should last for decades .
 I purchased this for my husband and he definitely rates it &#34; 5 stars . &#34; It works great and the price was unbeatable . Thank you Amazon .
 I love the three in one , in this very sexy design . I have one of these and after I got it , my wife had to have one . I do n't use pencil that often because they are a pain to carry around as a second device you have to go fishing for . But you never realize how often a .05 pencil will come in handy until you have one already in your hand . Same with red ink . Ink runs out pretty fast though , so get some refills and have them handy . It came with a soft top for using as a stylus . I think that is cool , but I just use my thumb , so I 've never used it . Either way , great value .
 Awesome Pen . Very functional and stylish . It will come in very useful but I will have to keep my eye on it as it will be a prime target for kleptomaniacs .
 I am not a pen nut . I just like one that works . I had no idea a pen like this existed . For ME to drop $ 30 on a pen is just something those who know me would n't believe . But to have black and red ink along WITH a pencil all in one ... I just had to have it . It was a little tricky figuring out the pencil , and wondering why was there a 2nd top included , but after that it was all good . Less stuff on my desk , and a pen that is like me ... deceptive in looks ... so much more than you expected . * : -RRB-
 Works great as a stylus so much that I bought one in every color . I barely use the pen part but its great to have a device that does so much and is quality .
 This pen is quite useful , and it has been quite reliable . I work in a job that requires me to carry a red pen and a blue or black pen , so this fits the bill well . The only problem is the small amount of ink in the refills and the difficulty in obtaining more refills . The erasers have been easy to find at the local office store , and it takes standard .5 mm leads , such as Pentel hi-polymers , so those are also easy to buy . If not for the difficulty in finding replacements for the tiny , quickly depleted refills , this pen would be right up there with my Pilot Knights as one of my favorite pens . In answer to the refill problem , I found out today to my surprise that Staedtler multi-action ball point refills work perfectly well of Cross refills are not available . Another good thing about this pen is it is immune to the quality drop in Cross pens since they began mass manufacturing them in China rather than producing them in the classic handmade style in the USA . This pen is Japanese made , and it has the quality of a Pilot .
 Nurses are always in need of tri-color pens . We thrive on the free ones but once in a while you have to bite for the finer things in life . This is a great pen , writes nice , and fits the bill . Getting the refills for the red pen and eraser are a pain but love the pen . I keep the free pens for those who ask , can I borrow your pen ?
 I have used this pen for several months now , and I have to say that it is almost perfect . It writes well , feels like a quality writing instrument , looks good , and getting refills is a snap . The refills last quite longer than I expected , so that is a plus . Also , there are four colors of ink to choose from -LRB- black , blue , red , & green -RRB- , plus there is a PDA stylus that can replace one ink cartridge.The only gripe I have is that I wish it was a little thicker . This is a complaint I have with many Cross products since I have big hands , but the matte finish helps with grip over the polished chrome finish . Even with that gripe , I am ordering my second one since I lost my first one , and the quality vs. price ca n't be beat !
 Let me start by saying that I absolutely love this pen
 This pen is just amazing . It feels good in your hand and continuously writes smoothly . Best of all if the mechanism ever stops working , Cross replaces the item no questions asked . It has the quality of items like Mont Blanc and higher Waterman pens too . One note , the eraser is a little nubby so it takes a few good erases to smooth out the top but after that it 's smooth sailing . I was impressed with it 's ability to write on different surfaces too . If giving as a gift though , perhaps give in a different box . The one it comes in is cheap and plasticy .
 Love my pen :-RRB- Just the right weight . Easy to order refills on-line . A respected maker with a life-time warranty . Could n't be happier !
 This is a solidly constructed Multi-Pen that is NOT plastic ! Metal components , including the screw-on cap that hides the eraser -LRB- which I like since I do n't use the 0.5 mm pencil that much anyway -RRB- . Turn it into a Needle-Point Gel Pen -LRB- See Customer Images for close-ups -RRB- by refilling it with Pilot Hi-Tech-C Gel Refills -LRB- 0.3 mm and 0.4 mm points available in black , red , and blue from jetpens dot com -RRB- . The refills work perfectly and do NOT obstruct each other nor the mechanical pencil when switching from one point to another . -LRB- SeeOne item to note for folks who like Fisher refills . This pen does n't work well with Fisher Universal Multi-Pen refills . The tips are a tad too wide and end up clobbering each other , and the mechanical pencil point , when switching from one point to another . Staedtler Multi-Pen refills work fine though.I wish it had the option to ditch the pencil and use another pen refill to allow for three pen colors but , like many pen/pencil multi-pens , it does not .
 This is a very useful tool and works very well it has yet to fail at all . The only problem with it is the cost of replacement ink .
 Got this today and this is the best multi function pen -LRB- In this price range -RRB- . Feels good to handle and writes great .
 I 've used this pen pretty much every day in the three months since I bought it , and it 's become one of my favorite writing tools . I 've never had a problem with it , and despite heavy use I 'm still on the original refills . Cross has always made my favorite pens and this one is no exception . -LSB- I 've used their pens for more than twenty years , so I have a long history with their products . -RSB- The only improvement that I can think of would be the addition of an optional medium-point refill .
 I have always liked Cross pens . This one is my favorite so far since I can not only take notes with ink or pencil , I can redline documents as well . It is well constructed like other Cross pens , and with a modicum of care it should last you for years . It is easy to operate with a twist you go between black ink , red ink , and pencil mode . For those features I think it is reasonably priced and I recommend it for anyone that uses black ink , red ink , and pencils to write on a regular basis . A nice Valentine gift for men or women . Be sure to put it back in your pocket because everyone likes this kind of pen .
 This Cross is great , you wont need anything else to got to college or work , the desing and materials are high quality and writting with it is very nice , BUY IT
 I 'm very happy with this multi-function pen . I like its good looking especially black color . You can replace the ink with the stylus for your PDA . I also appreciate its multi function . I have a pen , a stylus and a pencil in one and it is not big . It is comfortable to my hand . The only thing that I do n't like about this pen is about the ink . The ink ran out rapidly and it 's expensive and difficult to find the refil . I use refils from Platinum brand and it fits with this pen perfectly .
 I love this pen , I use it daily . I 'm a nurse and find the multi-functioning of this NORMAL size pen great . In fact , I 've already purchased another as a gift .
 At only $ 28.00 , the Cross Tech3 Multi-Function Pen is a great value . Product quality and functionality are excellent , and it 's compatible with the refills from my lost Rotring .
 I really love this pen . I like the fact that I do n't need 3 different pens at work anymore . I just use this one . However ; it would be nice if the eraser was larger or if the package came with a spare . I have 3 of these pens and will continue to use them for as long as I 'm able to write .
 This is a supple combination of superior design , functionality , and sexiness.I was lost in the woods once , and a pack of natives surrounded me . It was obvious to any untrained eye that a white man was a new sight to them . Slowly , they began to surround me.When I realized that I was probably going to be the main course that night , I whipped out my Cross Tech3 Satin Black Multi-Function Pen.They bowed in reverence at its sheen , at its overall durability , at the complete package that it is.Sadly , I had to leave the pen behind . It was a small price to pay for my life . Needless to say , I never leave home without one of these pens .
 Muy buena compra , por tener tres puntas es bastante vers&aacute;til , soy ingeniero por lo que utilizo bastante el portaminas para hacer anotaciones en los planos . En las tiendas se consiguen con bastante facilidad los repuestos , yo le compre a la m&iacute;a una punta de goma para reemplazar el color rojo y as&iacute; usarla con los PDA de pantalla t&aacute;ctil .
 If your trying to get ahead in this world and looking for one of those finer details that will make you respected in the boardroom , keep this pen on you at all times . After working with those cheap plastic pens this feels substantial when you hold it and looks way better . Also , you have the ability to switch between black , red , and pencil which is awesome . Mine fell out of my pocket during a taxi cab so I intend to purchase another replacement .
 A handsome pen with three tip options , pretty easy to grip , does a valiant if ultimately hopeless job of making my nerdiness a bit more covert . I believe this pen is made for Cross by Yasutomo and Yasutomo has lots of experience with this type of multipoint mechanism . However , this particular version of the mechanism is largely plastic and suffers for it in durability . The first one of these pens I owned seized up after about a year and attempts to lubricate it -LRB- with WD40 -RRB- actually seemed to worsen -LRB- partially dissolve the plastic ? -RRB- seizure . These make nice gifts for people who tend to lose pens within a year .
 I used to carry different pens and pencils in my planner , making it very bulky . With the Cross Tech 3 , I can easily switch from red to black ink , or pencil lead , allowing me to carry just one sleak looking pen . Refills can be found easily on Amazon too ! My only request would be s small eraser included to clean up pencil marks.As with everything I purchase from Amazon , the quality and quick shipping never disappoints .
 Excellent pen , well worth the price . I use it in the medical field and highlight important details in red ink , so to avoid miscommunication with the ER .
 Very fine pen . The twist method works very well . Inks are good and it has the right weight . Great buy !
 Hi , I have bought this pen one week ago and I am very surprised about the feeling with this pen . Since the very first day , I am very comfortable with it an any situation . It is true that you can not feel it as solid as an only ballpoint or mechanical pencil , but quality in general is fine . All metal and good mechanism . I do n't think it will be broken in few time.Be careful refilling pencil leads not to break them . It would be helpful if you can take out the one you are using by pushing the button until you can pull it and then , dessasembly the pen to fill others.Balance is perfect in the middle ! -LRB- you have a video in YouTube -RRB- Reliable in general terms and very practice in the everyday work , trust me!Jose .
 I purchased 10 of these , had them engraved with the recipient 's name and gave them as Christmas presents to clients who are generally corporate executives -LRB- Pres. , CFO , etc -RRB- . They are the perfect combination of attractive appearance and great utility . CFO 's in particular like the mechanical pencils and the red ink for marking up reports . I visited one customer last week -LRB- where I had given several of these -RRB- and found that both the President and the CFO had them sitting in the middle of their desk and were using them regularly .
 This pen is marvelous
 I love the pen , but I ca n't find a refill for the eraser . Any suggestions ?
 I wo n't go into a long-winded monologue about this pen.It 's an absolute pleasure to write with , and it 's the most useful writing utensil I 've ever owned . It looks great , too.I 've had this pen for over a month now , and every day , I sincerely look forward to writing with it . What more can you ask for ?
 I am an engineer and do alot of documentation review . Black ink , red ink , and pencil , in one nice looking and comfortable to hold package . Love it . Pencil is comfortable to use also.If I have one complaint it is that the ink can get a little gloppy on the tip . But I do not know if that is just an isolated cartridge issue or if the refills will be like that . Only reason it did n't get 5 stars . Overall I would recommend .
 Best tri-color pens . This is a great pen , writes nice , and fits the bill . Getting the refills for the red pen and eraser are a pain but love the pen .
 I 've owned Cross pens since 1994 and have always been satified . Their pens are durable work-horses that never disappoint . Some friends gave me a Cross Century II fountain pen for a graduation , but the nib was too large . Cross replaced the nib for free . Waterman wanted $ 45 for the same change.I 've used my Tech III regularly for about three year . Because I am a teacher , the different colored inks and the pencil are handy throughout the day . The pen is light in the hand and does n't grow slippery during extended use . The ink cartridges empty after a few weeks of heavy use , but are easily replaced at Office Max or Staples . Not all replacement cartriges are the same . I 've found some produce a smoother flowing black and others a smoother flowing red , so the right cartridge brand for you may take a few tries.One final note about Cross ' service . About a year and a half ago , I was carrying my Tech III in the side pocket of my painter 's pants . The top unscrewed and fell off in a parking lot without my knowledge . I called Cross , and they quickly replaced it for free . Very satisfied .
 I use each pen for different purposes , academic , personal , and work-related . Between two different professions I have to write a lot of reports . Most reports need to be written in black ink , and some blue ink only , others detail notes highlighted in red . The pencil works well when writing drafts and for accounting or changing inventory . I wont use any other pen .
 This multi-function pen is wonderful especially compared to my previous experience with the PaperMate Phd Multi . The feel is solid and has the perfect balanced weight . The continuous spinning is a great feature too . The only con I have found so far about 3 months of usage is the black and red color identifiers have started to rub off on the tips -- so it can be slightly hard to tell which is selected . But other than that I would highly recommend this pen !
 I love this pen . I primarily write in pencil - I 'm a college student and I like my notes to be neat , so I like to be able to erase when I need to - but I also like having a pen on me . Now all I need is this one pen and I can write my notes , sign things in black pen , and correct papers in red pen . Writing in pencil always seemed a little bit too elementary school for me , but this pen looks far more adult than any of those brightly colored mechanical pencils . The quality is really good , I have n't had any problems and I use it all the time . I have n't needed to get refills for the pens yet , but I have stores nearby me that supply them and for the pencil I use regular .5 lead . I use the eraser sparingly because I 'm afraid of using it up , so I only use it for smaller erasings -LRB- e.g. one word -RRB- and save anything larger to be erased with a large , separate eraser.Overall , a really great combination in a pen that is made to last and looks great .
 This is my 3rd Cross Tech3 -LRB- I keep losing them ! -RRB- . I love that I get a pencil and a red & black pen at the same time since it helps me with my work . I just wish they were less expensive . The refills are available online .
 This is a great , sleek -LRB- but not uncomfortably thin -RRB- , multi-function pen . There are a number of other-brand refills that fit it , if , like me you enjoy thinner points -LRB- I recomend the ones sold for the Pilot Hi-Tec C Slims , which are available in `` 0.3 '' and `` 0.4 '' sizes -RRB- . I was very sad to lose this pen recently , and will gladly purchase a replacement ASAP .
 This is a great pen as many have said , and as others have also said there are flaws.I have not had a single problem with the turning mechanism as some have . My problem is with the color and the cap . I purchased the Satin Black pen and after about 6 months of use I noticed that the color was fading a little ; this is especially noticeable around the turning mechanism . It 's not a big problem you ca n't really see it all that well when the tops on.The cap was the biggest problem . I lost it . It 's small and can be lost easily . I actually lost it , I think , getting in and out of my car - some how that motion unscrewed the cap.After losing the cap I sidelined the pen for a few weeks ; it looked funny without the cap . I was thinking about buying the same pen , but I thought I would see how much Cross charges -LRB- around $ 50 -RRB- . On their site I found a section for replacement parts . The cap was not listed on the website so I called customer care . The caps are $ 3 a piece and shipping is only $ 1 -LRB- it does take a LONG time but $ 1 shipping is nice -RRB- . When I received the replacement caps -LRB- I ordered 5 because I knew I would lose more -RRB- I began using the pen again . Three weeks later I caught the clip on something and tore it off damaging pen . Now I have a damaged pen with no clip and 4 extra caps.Overall , I am going to buy another pen . I miss the convenience of red ink , black ink , and pencil . It 's a great pen . Plus it seems silly to keep 4 caps and no pen.UPDATE : I did end up purchasing another pen and again , it is a great pen . I am happy I bought another one . Having three in one is a great feature . No problems with the replacement .
 The Cross Tech3 series pen is one of the best multi-functional pens I have ever used . The pen is incredibly affordable due to Amazon and the money is well worth it . I have used it for about 3 weeks now I am not disappointed at all with the device.Pros - Multi-FunctionalWrites Nice and Smooth -LRB- Fine Tip Pens -RRB- -LRB- Smoothest Pencil I Ever USed -RRB- AffordableElegant DesignCons - Thin , gets uncomfortable after a while.Twist Dial , while it is nice and spins freely I found it a little too unstable when writing .
 My father loves pens and just got an iPad - so this is the perfect combo - the all-in-one tool where he 'll never need to take anything aside from the iPad , a notepad and this great pen - the idea is great and it looks great and works great .
 I bought this as a gift for my son and per other reviews I bought the ink refills in advance . My son was very pleased to have it because he uses it on his AF pilot forms . Very well built pen .
 I like this pen . It is easy to switch between the pens and pencil option and use the stylus for tablet and phone .
 The is fantastic , I usually use the pencil more than anything else . As a college student my pencil is more forgiving and a test taking staple . The pen refills are small and run out quickly . Pen arrived on time as promised in good condition . Have no regrets , great pen , cross quality , easy to use . Thanks cross .
 I got it as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it . Used it at school and now has taken it to work with him . Super easy to find refills and it holds up very well to everyday use .
 Did n't expect such high quality in a multi-function pen . Looks greatand works great to ! If you want to impress your friends this is thewriting instrument you want !
 I had used the Sanford PhD-multi for many years and was greatly disappointed when the local stores stopped carrying it . I tried the Cross Tech3 + and immediately liked it . It is much slimmer than the PhD and looks better . The pencil unit seems to be sturdier than the failure prone pencil in the PhD . I agree with other reviewers that the pen refills are smaller than the full size refills used on the PhD but when purchased by the dozen the Tech3 + refills are not too expensive and last long enough in my experience . It is easy to carry spare refills in their 2-refill blister pack . I save the blister pack and replace one black refill with a red one so I 'm always ready to replace either color . I teach large classes and have many students that come in for one-on-one tutoring . Having all three writing necessities in one slim instrument makes the relatively expensive -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- Tech3 + worth the premium cost over the $ 10 PhD . I hope Cross continues to offer it . I have lost more than a few pens and broken others . I replace more lost pens than pens that break .
 Main Entry
 It has Black red and Pencil . This is exactly what i was looking for . I amd very happy . i got it for 33 .
 This pen works well . It does exactly what I wanted it to do easily . It 's more expensive than I would like it to be for an everyday work pen . I keep it in my shirt pocket and shortly after I bought it , I leaned against my desk while reaching for something and bent it a little . It still works well . Both colors of ink and the pencil work great and it 's very easy to switch between them .
 This is my second Cross Tech 3 . The other one is silver color and I bought it about three years ago . Before I carried in my pocket a pen and a pencil -LRB- both Cross -RRB- , since I had the Cross Tech 3 , with one `` tool '' I do everything . I use it every day . A great pen and a perfect pencil .
 As an engineer I carry my Tech3 religiously . It is a fantastic pen if you need the multi functions . I 've tried several on the market and the Tech3 is the best . Plan on getting a stock of refills from Cross as the ink volume is low.My only complaint is that the black ball point function writes poorly . This includes the original black and one from two different refill packages . A 25 cent Bic Stick writes better than my Tech3 in black mode .
 Very functional and aesthetically pleasing writing instrument ; surprisingly slender given that it is three writing devices in one .
 I just love this pen , great design , quality and functionality . I 'd just like the pencil to be a 0.7 or 0.9 mm mine , that would be great .
 Registry of good practical disadvantage of the tasks that the average luxury pen too long from the top so that it does not fit with pocket clothes
 I use my pen every day for work so I always need to have one handy . This pen has a pencil and two colors of ink . Comes with black & red but I usually prefer the blue and red combo . Cross Pens have a great lifetime guarantee so if one breaks I send it back with $ 10 for shipping and handling and they will repair or replace it . Since I ca n't take a break from writing daily I needed a back up pen until my original one gets back from the factory . The retail stores sell them for $ 49.95 plus tax . This one was offered at a much lower price , got free shipping as a Prime member and it came right away . No hassles and a great product . Thank you very much for the service you gave !
 Writes very well , and seems well built and durable . This is the only pen that I always have with me . Works great !
 I have used these as stock magnifiers in the coin business since 1987 . It is a workhorse and meets my needs perfectly !
 I 've been using this for about 2 years and I can say this works great . My arthritis is mild in my option but the pain in some joints was terrible when I started using this it has gone away virtually all together now some days when the weather changes or it 's freezing outside it can still flair a little but nothing like before I started using triple flex . I recommend it without a doubt .
 Love them ... help with aches and pains . Two a day and it chases the arthritis away ! I really feel much better !
 Ten years ago when I asked my doctor about Glucosamine/Condroitin , he told me that it does n't work for everyone , but it was safe and worth trying to see . I 'm one of the fortunate ones for whom it has worked . It has helped keep me mobile and flexible and pain free . Nature Made uses USP to independently verify their products so I trust them to provide what they say on the label . Amazon 's subscription service makes it easy .
 Every morning I woke up , had breakfast , got dressed and went to sleep on the sofa the rest of they day because I was in so much pain . I had no life . My doctor recommended this product to me . He said it might be a month before I could tell a difference . In less than a week , I was able to function again and had my life back . I would recommend this product to anyone who has severe osteoarthritis and fibromyalgia .
 This was a the best thing I have ever bought!I started walking more without knee and thigh braces.I was taking naproxen due to the factI could not take prescription pain killers.I am taking less and less of naproxen.It has helped a great deal to take this item.It has also helped a freind with arthristis.Thankyou so much .
 Our bodies are odd critters that handle things differently at different times in our lives . I tried this supplement years ago for joint pain and did not feel it was at all helpful to me , although my old dog seem to have a bit more life in him when he used it at the recommendation of my vet . Now I have full blown arthritis and a knee that hurts all the time . So I am taking it again . It is helpful , although not magic . Losing more weight and more exercise is the magic I need now to avoid or delay knee replacement . I have had very good experiences over years with Nature Made products and generally trust that they give me what they say they put in the bottle . I think it is the best product I can find at a reasonable price on the market today . My experience with Amazon and this product is positive .
 For anyone interested in purchasing these type of supplements
 I am taking Triple Flex because is contains the recommended amount of glucosamine/chondroitin to relieve and retard arthritis in the joints . I had been having pain in my hands and feet for several weeks and decided to give this a try . It works well for me and I would definitely recommend it .
 tf changed my whole recreational life . i can now play golf on consecutive days without worrying about the back locking up on me .
 I was diagnosed with a patella degeneration in my knee and was advised by the surgeon to trying healing the cartilage with Glucosamine.It 's been three months since I have started taking glucosamine and I do find a difference in how my knee reacts to running . The pain has decreased and I feel slightly more comfortable with running after a 5 month lay off.Although the claims for feeling better in few days seem a bit dramatic , I personally feel it should be taken as a long term approach to healing .
 My wife and I have been using this product for a few years now . I believe it has helped both of our joints . My aching hip is 95 % improved and I have no other joint difficulties . Easier to prevent joint problems than to repair them .
 I originally got this product for my husband and it was so good he told me to try it . I did and it has worked wonders with my `` bad knees '' that they do n't feel bad anymore . I can get up and down with no pain and no `` popping '' of my joints . This product is wonderful and I 'm getting ready to buy some more .
 It 's an excellent pain killer for my knees . I have both meniscus broken and a patella problem . Since I have been taking this pills , my knees do n't hurt anymore and I am being able to avoid surgery . I am really satisfied with this product , it 's like magic .
 I had taken glucosamine tablets from Trader Joe 's a few years ago , for only a couple of weeks , when my knee began acting up . When it started feeling better , I stopped taking them . My husband 's knee had been bothering him for some time , and he eventually bought these -LRB- they work out cheaper than the Trader Joe version -RRB- , and the pain has since gone away .
 It 's hard to be sure if a product is working . It takes time to build up in the system and the pain relief is very gradual . When I stop taking it for a day or two , the pain is back to remind me . I am now a believer .
 This is by far the best joint supplement I 've ever taken . I have a bad knee and run five days a week . and it helps me a lot . If you never used it , give it about 2 - 3 weeks to start working . Sooo glad they brought back their old formula with MSM . It 's just simply the best .
 I am 62 years old and recently retired . About 6 weeks ago I started walking between 2 and 5 miles each morning and taking daily doses of Triple Flex , Fish Oil and multi vitamin for men over 50 . They seem to be working , have reduced pain in ankles and knees but the 1500mg caplets are awfully hard to swallow . I am now looking for caplets either half the size or slippery gel caps .
 After having purchased Dasuquin for my dog Jada it started to become to expensive to keep her on it . The only problem was that the medication actually worked . So after doing some research I came across Triple Flex which has the same ingredients but is much more reasonably priced . I brought the bottle to the Vet her next visit and asked if she could take these as an alternative . The Vet recommended that I give her two a day and I have done so ever since . No more arthritis pain for Jada and I save a chunk of change , everyone wins !
 My husband uses this for arthritis . This is the only one that will take the hurt away . It is more convenient to order on line because when you visit the store , they do not always have it .
 I bought this product because Nature Made is rated in the top 3 manufactures of supplements . I think it has had some benefits to my problem with Osteoarthritis but OA is something that only gets worst with time . I think the Triple Flex product has help to relieve some of the pain . And I am hoping that it may restore some of the cartilidge . But there is no direct proof that anything can do that .
 I bought this for my mom who is 60 years old and has been having knee pain . After 4-week of taking it , she feels much better .
 I heard about this product from a co-worker . We work in a very physically demanding job , on our feet , walking hard most days . He mentioned that he was taking Tripple Flex and that it helped him emensely . He went off of it for a couple weeks and all of the aches and pains were back.I started taking this product about 3 weeks ago . Daily , I would hurt in both hips and knees . I felt that I would not be able to continue my job much longer if I did not find some fource of relief . Once I started taking it , about 3 days later , I went all day without feeling the aches and pains.This is a great product and I will not go without it!Nature Made Triple Flex , Glucosamine 1500 mg , Chondroitin 290 mg , Hyaluronic Acid 10 mg , 120 Caplets
 these pill work good after a week of taking them my knees felt alittle better
 These gives you everything you need , check the other brands and see how many pills you have to take to reach the numbers of Nature Made .
 I have tried a couple of Glucosamine Chondroitin for knee pain . This brand has finally taken all of that pain away . I highly recommend this one .
 Quick shipment and I recieved exactly what I was expecting . Also a great product that I can tell is already working .
 My mother sufffer from arhtritis and I bought one at the local paharmacy . She feels better and she really likes it . I recommend it
 Having arthritis is no fun . This triple flex seems to be a good product to lessen the progression of arthritis . That 's a hopeful side of the coin .
 I take these daily to combat future arthritis pains that run in my family . Here 's to hoping they work efficiently !
 I have had pain in my left knee for years . Then I just started get pain in my left index finger base knuckle . I knew I had to do something so I decided to try this product . Both pains were gone in lest than two months . I am ordering more today . By the way order from Amazon , at your local drug store it is twice as much .
 When my family reunion disclosed cousins in the 60-75 age range were all mobile and were all long time users of Glucosamine Chondroitin MSM except for the one who was on crutches , we became totally committed to the health benefits available through the consistent use of the product .
 These work great , and much cheaper than a GNC product I was using , but can no longer afford . This is the 4th different product I have tried . Only the GNC product works better but it is way too pricey .
 I 've never had knee problems and usually squat a couple times a week but all the sudden I had sharp pain in my knees whenever I bent them . I thought I had somehow developed tendonitis but realized I ran out of my four month supply of Triple Flex I purchased for my shoulder just a couple weeks ago . I 'm not certain if there is a connection but I got a couple more bottles and will find out soon .
 I buy these pills for my dog and she appears to feel better with them , so I guess they work !
 I have been suffering from Osteoarthritis for the past few years . It has gotten to the point where some days I can not even work , and some days were so bad that getting dressed was the most painful thing I would do all day . In this time I have completely changed my life-style , trying everything and anything to reduce the pain I would feel on a daily basis.I have taken many medications , including prescription pain pills and over-the-counter pain relievers/anti-inflammatory medications . I would either drug myself with the pain pills , eliminate the pain as well as every other one of my senses , or I would take some type of anti-inflammatory medication and experience very little relief.As a side note , to all pain sufferers , please do your best to avoid prescription pain pills . There are other more natural and dangerous options I have found that also have very strong pain relieving properties ; Warrior Mist Vicozen Combo -LRB- Vicozen Only - -LRB- 6 bottles -RRB- -RRB- . Herbal drinks like this one that contain the extracts of flowers like wild dagga and the white lotus have been used for centuries in other cultures for pain relief , a great alternative to other medications.Nature Made is not a cure for what I have , not anywhere close to that I 'm afraid . However , compared to every similar product I 've taken over the years , this one has made the biggest impact on my ability to get through the day with as little pain as possible . There are no side effects to speak of and the price is reasonable enough that for the effects I feel in my joints and range of motion I will be taking it for years to come .
 My knees were killing me and i thought that I would have to quit running.After consulting and sports physician I bought the triple flex and two weeks later i felt good and one month later i fell great and it is now a part of my routine .
 A daily serving of this supplement consists of three caplets , which together contain 110 mg of sodium . For those on a sodium-restricted diet , this is 1/5th of your RDA of sodium . Also , if you have allergies to shellfish , this product contains shellfish.That said , the combination of sodium chondroitin sulfate , glucosamine , and MSM really does alleviate pain . After 30 days I noticed remarkable relief in both feet , which are almost bruised at the end of the day from standing and walking on concrete floors . I did not notice any relief in my neck , which suffers from herniated discs resulting from years of coaching wrestling.I will continue to take glucosamine and chondroitin for the pain relief in my feet , but I will search for a product with less sodium if that is possible .
 I have had arthritis for many years and after reading and research I started taking two of these supplements per day . I went to a lot of specialists and in desperation I started trying ways to help myself using natural methods . This supplement really helps me , but I must take two every day . It is not just help for pain , it seems to work on the actual condition that causes the pain . It took me about thirty days before I felt a difference , but I kept it up and it has really helped . If you try it , make sure to give it a good thirty days to really be beneficial . Power Path to Love
 Switched from a gel-cap form to these capsules . They are easy to swallow and I have noticed that my knees do not `` snap and pop '' as often before . I feel that Triple Flex is an excellent product - and reasonably priced .
 I have had chronic dull pain in my left knee for years , partly because of a old basketball injury , partly because of being over-weight , which puts pressure on one 's knees and back.I have taken other products for this same problem and they worked somewhat -LRB- such as SAM-e -RRB- ; but this product works the best.Like it says on the box , give it 7 days to start working - it takes time to `` get into your system '' . You will notice a DEFINITE difference after 10 days . I did - after about the 10th day , 70 % of the pain was gone , and the knee felt more flexible , -LRB- much like when you oil a rusty hinge of a door -RRB- . A knee is basically a hinge which connects your feet and legs . I am now able to do more exercise , more walking , and be more active , which is great.Easy to use
 Hi all ... I was skeptical that this was a real product , one that would really make a difference ... . After 4-5 weeks of using these , my knee feels a lot better - these really work ! Give them time once you start using them ...
 I did a lot of research on supplements after hearing from a friend who runs that glucosamine and chondroitin helps with joint problems . My knees were starting to really suffer after long runs . While I do n't think my knees will ever be perfect , if you take these regularly it really does help . I did a lot of brand research and many of them have lower doses of the ingredients . This is one of the best brands , two caplets has the full recommended dose of MSM/chondroitin and glucosamine . Make sure you take them regularly and hydrate well ! These will help cushion your joints . Good for a runner !
 I am second degree black belt in Taekwondo , 60 years young and my knees take a beating . I have been taking this product for the last 8 months . I started right after my first athroscopic knee surgery , for stage 2 osteoarthritis and torn miniscus , and it works . When I showed this product to my orthopaedic surgeon , he said it was what I needed to take for the rest of my life . He takes the same product ! After a second surgery for another tear , I was able to return to Taekwondo within weeks . I will continue learning and teaching until I have be carried out , but I wo n't stop taking Triple Flex .
 This product took about 40 days to kick in with my use the results amazing I have a really bad ankle problem I used to limp after working for a couple hours after using this limp is I worked 35 hours in two days on my feet and the pain I had was on the same level as my mild pain I had before using the product this is great I recommend to all those who suffer from a joint problem .
 bought these as a Christmas present for my brother . these things burn great and smell great as well . good buy and great price .
 I use these daily , I have always used this product and I am glad I can get in this amount
 Love this stuff . It is so much better than drinking a soda with caffine in it . I fee sharper and ready to go .
 Our family has history of &#34; watchmaking &#34; and has always had eye loupes available for troublesome little fixes -- such as a sticker in a finger or foot . I LOVE the little eye-piece magnifier . I plan to get my children these for stocking stuffers ! Thank you Santa !
 This is a great little tool I 've wanted for years . It leaves both hands free to work and at 5 you can get very `` close '' to things to see them .
 I was satisfied with the loupe I received . In perfect condition and received product quickly .
 The wrong item was sent . This company sent me the correct one right away and did not request the wrong shipment to be returned . Impressive .
 nice incense . They smell nice . I recommend them to anyone who likes incense . Price isnt too bad either . Overall a good product
 I admit that I was a bit turned off at first by the first 1 star review posted on this product description . Even so , I think the low price of this product compelled me to make the purchase.I was quite surprised when I received these incense sticks . The scent is not overwhelming and I found these were a lot higher quality than most American incense I have tried in the past . As I said , the scent is not overwhelming , but instead very light . It is subtle while still being very nice . I would compare it to some very light powdery floral . Since I have received the pack I have burnt about 25 sticks of this . It is actually a very excellent incense . Not as good as Blue Box Nag Champa or Satya Fresh Rose , but still very nice . I was pleasantly surprised . -LRB- The reviewer was compensated for posting this review . However , the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone . Further , the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor , Amazon or the review requester . -RRB-
 Lovely scent the lingers in the air long after it has gone out . I received this first in a free sample and enjoyed it so much I had to come and buy some more.Thank you Tom 's Incense !!! which btw has excellent service as well.Yeah a shameless plug for them , but always a pleasure dealing with the folks there .
 This product is just as described . I am 7 months pregnant , and I have been suffering for about 3 months of back pain , plus my hips are too loose and hurt , my belly was hurting quite a bit too , trying to carry the weight of my baby and there was n't must I could do . I could n't walk for more than a few blocks ... -LRB- less than 10 at a time , and ten was a lot ... just in a good day -RRB- I 've been wearing that belt for a week and a half , and most of the pain is gone . My back and hips feel a LOT better -LRB- not completely painless , but that 's pregnancy ... -RRB- and my belly does n't hurt ! I just went for a 3 miles walk -LRB- ok , it was a bit much , but 2 miles felt fine -RRB- . And that 's the longest -LRB- by far -RRB- that I have been able to walk since I was about 3-4 months pregnant!I recommand this product to any woman who suffers like it did . I am so happy with it , and wish I had bought it sooner ...
 I purchased this particular belt because of the reviews , plus my local Babies-R-Us did n't have a size small support belt in stock.This belt has turned out to be one of the few lifesavers for my pregnancy -- my sciatica was horrid from month five on , really , and this was the ONLY thing that relieved it . It comes with easy-to-read and understand instructions with pictures and a nice disclaimer about how it does n't constrict bloodflow , etc. -LRB- And it does n't . -RRB- I have yet to wear the upper strap part -LRB- it would slide down a little when I was smaller and I 've just grown used to not wearing it -RRB- , though some women might find it useful . I saved mine just in case but have yet to wear it.The only downside I can see -LRB- and it 's not really much of one , IMO -RRB- is you might have to buy some really long , thin tank tops or long john style shirts to wear under the belt , as it could irritate your skin otherwise . But given that I 've had a winter pregnancy and the long tanks were readily available from several stores , this proved no problem for me at all.This belt is on my list of must-have things anyone I know who 's pregnant and having back or sciatica issues . I highly recommend it !
 I am an avid runner and was concerned when I started having muscle pain in my abdomen during my work-outs . I decided to try a support belt and I could n't be happier with the result ! This belt provides wonderful support and keeps my belly very steady while jogging . I have had no muscle pain in the weeks since I 've been using it . I 'm 32 weeks pregnant now and this belt has allowed me to continue running as normal . I recommend it for any mother-to-be who would like to continue jogging in comfort through the end of pregnancy .
 I wish I would have had this belt for my last two pregnancies ! I am in my last 2 months of pregnancy and bought this belt to help with some sciatic nerve pain in my leg . Not only has the belt helped to improve the pain in my leg , it has also allowed me to be able to walk or stand for 2 hours + without feeling much discomfort . I would definately recommend it .
 I am pregnant with twins and work as an orthopedic surgical nurse . I began having sciatic pain , back pain and lower abdominal pressure early on in my pregnancy -LRB- at around 3mths -RRB- . I had used a similar brace during my first pregnancy 4 yrs ago and it had helped . This brace has been a god send . It gives my body the added support I need in order to perform my demanding job . It has also helped with the added pains and pressures with having twins and growing at an accelerated pace . From the day I started using it many of my pains subsided or dissappeared . I can guarantee that I would not be able to work if I did not have this brace . D. Giusti , San Diego , CA 10/12/08
 I just received this last week and it will allow me to keep running longer - thank goodness ! I am 26 weeks pregnant with my first baby and not too big yet , but jogging caused a lot of round ligament pain . I have been a runner for years and continued with my 4 mile runs until about 21 weeks when it became too uncomfortable because of ligament pain . Then cut it down to a 2 mile run and 2 mile walk , but at about 24 weeks the pain was back . I used the Mother-to-be support this week and no pain at all ! It was amazing how supportive for being lightweight . I also used it while I did lunges and squats and it did n't impede leg movement while bending and stretching . Probably wo n't work for yoga and pilates , but I continued to wear it for a few hours after my workout and felt great . Initially , I was VERY skeptical that this would work . If you are having trouble continuing with an exercise program such as jogging or walking this is a great solution that may help you continue for a while longer . I definitely plan to use it when I quit running and switch to walking .
 This product does exactly what it says it does . I am in my 7th month of pregnancy , and about two weeks ago I started having the most excruciating pain in my extreme lower back -LRB- down by my sacrum and radiating to the left part of my pelvic bone -RRB- . It felt like all the bones there were just grinding against each other , and I could hardly walk or lift myself up from lying down.I had was in a car accident years ago that slightly misaligned my upper back , so that very occasionally I have pain in my neck . I am sure that this misalignment contributed to my pregnancy back pain , and I was afraid that since that was the case I might just have to suffer through it . But I got this product in the mail yesterday , put it on , and the pain subsided a bit throughout the day . I took it off to sleep , put it back on this morning , and now the pain is completely gone ! I ca n't believe it.Anyway , I highly recommend this band to anyone suffering from this sort of discomfort . Take note , however , that this is a serious , heavy duty maternity band . I would not suggest you buy it if you do n't have back pain . It 's quite bulky and thick , which I 'll gladly deal with over the alternative , but if you are just looking for something lightly supportive that looks smooth under clothes , buy something else . I wish I could get by with something more lightweight , but since I can not , the benefits of this band far outweigh the nuisance of it .
 This belt provides good support for prenatal sciatica . It lifts the belly and straightens your hips and back to correct posture . I recommend . It has helped me !
 I have worn this ALL the time since about 7 months pregnant . I 'm due any day now & still wearing it . It really helps take the strain off my back and hips . I would n't consider being on my feet for long or going for a walk without it ! It 's not &#34; sheer &#34; under clothes , but it 's not bulky either - I wear it under t-shirts just fine . It 's kind of like a bra - you might see it beneath very lightweight clothing . I also find that I can wear it with our without a tank top beneath - it does n't rub or itch .
 I am a part time registered nurse and i started having femoral nerve pain in my right leg with pins/needle feeling , stiffness , achiness , and a burning sensation as well with standing and walking . All this started at 16 weeks pregnant!I knew I had to find something to get by with work , life , and enjoying my 2 year old ! This binder is AWESOME !! 90 % of my pain is gone , and I wear this binder all day except with bathing and sleeping.Worth the buy !
 I absolutely love this belt ; it took a very miserable pregnancy and made it much more enjoyable . Fewer cramps , less back pain , NO swelling in my feet . A must have .
 For some reason , I thought this would be a nude color -LRB- as it looked in the photo -RRB- , but it 's actually white . Wish it came in a more neutral color . In any case , it did help with my back pains as my belly grew bigger . I had to loosen the belt when I sat down since I did n't need the support and it was a bit tight . But when I walked around , I would tighten it . It 's true to size.The downside is that the care instructions say to hand wash instead of machine wash . It also was a bit irritating if I wore it on my skin , so I would wear it over my pants , which allowed me to loosen it easily . Other than some minor complaints , I say this was worth the purchase .
 It is a really comfortable belt that keeps your belly up preventing backache . I have n't seen any belt before like this . With its new design it makes it easy for you to adjust the belt without any pressure on your belly . Overall I recommend it to the buyers . Thanks .
 I thought this will not really live up to what its advertisement says because it looks so compact and priced cheaply than the other maternity supports , but it has prevented me from having back pains . I am only 18 weeks along , but I have a physically demanding job . I do not know if it will continue to be effective when I get further along . As of this time , I enjoy using it because my back feels good , I can use it under my work clothes and it is so easy to don . I can feel the difference in how my back feels if I do not wear it .
 This belt is made well and really helped me out . I was having pain from my round ligament and this helped to keep that pain from coming as long as i was wearing it . It 's kind of bulky and not very comfortable , but well worth it .
 this maternity support is the best of there kinds that are out there in the world ! with 2 small children at home and # 3 on the way i had already tryed the other kids of supports and belts THEY DIDNT work so we found this one and i thought i should try it . . I am going to use it after baby as well it feels great ! helps with my feet hurting my lower back hurting my upper back and my sholders as well the only adjustment is when you are needing to sit down and get up its not very easy at all . . you have a adjust and get used to it then you get good at it . .
 I was very happy with my stomach bra for pregnancy . I used it everyday for 9 months and it held up very well.I would use it again if l was pregnant .
 I enjoy this heavenly fragrance when I meditate.And it does n't overpower my senses .
 Now when the grandkids come over for a birthday or holiday dinner we just line them up with this device , which we installed next to a door frame , and mark thier height . It is a lot of fun , and a lot more accurate that a pencil and a library book!Well constructed . Easy to install .
 I am in my 8th month of pregnancy and this is my 3rd . My tummy muscle is not as strong as before . The Dr says that the baby is already sitting low and recommends that I get a maternity belt . This is the only brand that I saw at Babies R Us.I cringed when I paid for the belt but forgot about the cost when I had the belt on . It felt good ! Lifted the baby from my bladder , I do not feel the weight on my hips anymore and it gives me balance when I walk or stand up . I was able to even run for the bus this morning ! 4 stars as the velcro parts do get scratchy if you 're not wearing the belt over any clothing but am not bothered by it.I wonder why I waited until the 8th month to get this belt but I highly recommend this to every pregnant moms who are starting to feel the strain on their bodies from the weight of the baby.ps - the baby was rather ` rebellious ' each time I have this belt on . She tries to fight for more space !
 So I have been having major pelvic pain -LRB- SPD -RRB- since around 16 weeks . I really like this . When I wear it really helps relieve the pain . I do n't wear to work because it can be bulky under my clothes -LRB- it is summer so my shirts and skirts are of thinner material -RRB- ... but I wear around the house and running errands . I miss it when I take it off.I do wear my belly band underneath it or a long tank because it can rub . And if you sit for long periods of time , it is not the most comfortable.My baby does get skirmmy when I wear it , but I like feeling him move about , so it does n't bother me , and I seriously do n't think it bothers him .
 wow . this is my 4th pregnancy and as a physical therapist i 've been looking for something supportive . this belt does the trick-it 's not flimsy like others out there . I had minimal to no back pain with this pregnancy that I 've had in the past-i keep telling everyone that this is my easiest pregnancy and i think I can attribute a lot of that to this belt ! It 's worth every penny . As someone said in a previous review-it does run biggish . I 'm in xl maternity wear and the large did fine . cinch it somewhat tightly so that the belt runs under your belly-i did n't need that ugly top strap either . this is also a summer pregnancy but i do n't mind wearing it-being painfree offsets the heat factor . buy it .
 I had constant back and sciatica pain for months . It hurt in any position . I wish I had known about and purchased the Mother-to-Be Maternity support for my first pregnancy . I felt instant pain relief as soon as I put it on . I was even able to take my toddler on a long walk without pain . I highly reccommend this product even if you are in your 9th month . It 's worth it.As with other reviews , I would reccoment wearing something under it for greater comfort .
 I read as many reviews as I could before purchasing this one and still was n't sure if it would be a good support . I 'm used to wearing a stretchy velcro closure back brace for lower back support when I work out on my farm . I 'm under 30 but have had lower back problems in the past . This brace is similar to the kind I 've used before and is adjustable to your needs . If you 're looking for lower back support and have worn a generic type of back support -LRB- not over the shoulder strap kind -RRB- before then this one is a very similar pregnancy one . Before getting pregnant I was about 160 -LRB- muscular but some belly fat -RRB- , 5 ' 9 and this size medium during pregnancy is working very well . I 'm at 71/2 months now and I 'm sure it will fit up to the end .
 I ca n't believe I 've made it to the 7 month without this support belt . It really is a must have for mom-to-be 's ! My only suggestion is purchase a camisole or leotard to go under the belt for better comfort !
 Helps significantly reduce back pain . Can irritate the skin .
 I am 30 weeks pregnant and still doing kung fu , so I needed something to wear while exercising to prevent back pain , and to keep my tummy from jiggling around too much . I chose this product because of the claim to have great lumbar support . It certainly does ! The only problem is that the edges can really irritate your skin on the sides and back ... so I suggest wearing it over a pair of high rising `` granny panties '' to prevent chafing . Also ... you will want to get and use this product BEFORE you have back trouble ... Although it will help relieve some back pain you already have ... it 's much better to prevent it than to cure it ! For that reason , I also wear is when doing housework and yard work .
 I 'm only in my second trimester and have had a ton on sciatic pain . It amazes me how much this helps . It really did lift the pain off the nerve . I originally got it for other back pain which it helped with as well . I wore it to my Obgyn appointment and my doctor was very impressed with it and asked me where I got it . He said it was one of the better ones he 's seen .
 The product is a good product , no doubt ! But , although I paid for express delivery -LRB- the max . amount -RRB- , I did n't receive it on time , and I never got a refund for that from the company .
 I was having really bad hip and lower back pain in my third trimester - so terrible that sometimes at night I could n't walk without help . This belt fixes it immediately - you just put it on whenever the pain starts . I do n't usually write product reviews , but this was such a help to me I thought I would let other people know . The only downside I can see to this is that it 's a little too snug to wear all day - luckily I only need it for a few hours in the evening .
 This has helped my already bad back but not until around the 6 month mark . It slides around alot before that . But definately worth the money paid for those last 3 months .
 I did n't but this tell my last 6 weeks of pregnancy but I wish I would have gotten it sooner . I had to do something for work -LRB- I was working as a occupational therapist assistant -RRB- and I was on my feet on and off all day . My baby was 9lbs 10oz at birth so I have big babies . This belt was the only way I was able to work the last 6 weeks . I had to work up until 2 days before I had my son . My back did still hurt during the last few weeks but it was so much better with the belt . Also I always wore a tank top so it was n't itchy at all to me .
 I bought this for my wife due to all the back pain she was experiencing eing pregnant from our first child . I have n't heard any complaints since she started using this brace .
 I absolutely loved this brace . I was having severe back pain during my pregnancy and this helped so much !! I usually wore an undershirt underneath it so that the velcro did n't rub , but otherwise I would definitely buy this again !
 Very helpful ! It helps hold everything in and lift up your belly so that it is n't so heavy . I especially like to wear it while exercising because it helps with the Braxton Hicks !
 I noticed instant relief from my lower back pain when I started wearing this support . I do wear a maternity tank underneath it because it did chafe a little the first time I wore it without this , but it is very comfortable with the tank underneath . It feels very secure and does n't slide around or up , even when I sit .
 With this being my third pregnancy the legiments in my back where pulled and it was getting hard for me to even walk . This band is great and so comfortable . My back pain is no longer a issue now . Do n't know what I would have done without it .
 I purchased this primarily to use on our vacation to Disney World . I was 31/32 weeks pregnant during our trip and could n't walk much without quite a bit of discomfort . I LOVE this product and plan to use it through the remainder of my pregnancy . I only wear it when I 'm being active . It 's especially nice when I 'm playing outside with my child and cleaning house.I do n't have any issues with the velcro catching on clothing and it does n't slide . I also wear full panel maternity shorts , so it has n't irritated my skin since the majority of it is against my clothing . Be sure to read size information carefully ... I nearly ordered a large and am glad I did not . You can tell that you 're wearing something under your clothing , but this does n't bother me at all . When I 'm pregnant , it 's all about comfort ! I strongly recommend this item for the late second and -LRB- so far -RRB- third trimesters . I wish I had owned this with my first child !
 I have not had back pain but figured this belt would help me support all the extra weight ... I liked the product because it did help support my back but ... the one thing that would have made me like it better is if the support band that goes under the belly was wider . It tends to leave a mark right under my belly button that makes me itch once the belt comes off . I am 8 months pregnant but because the baby is big and I am little I measure like I am full term . I have tried loosening the belt but even that only helps for a little while ... If I did n't spend so much time sitting at a desk I do n't think it would be an issue .
 I ordered this maternity belt after much research . I was pregnant with my second child and was an avid walker . The bigger I got , the more my lower back and lower abdomen ached . This belt was great . It completely relieved my aches while walking so I started wearing it to do household chores . I highly recommend this maternity belt , just make sure to always wear a layer under it to keep from chaffing .
 I love it , helps with my back pain . My baby is not to happy when I have it on . I guess , she 's used having all the space ... lolz
 I bought this for my wife , who was in awful pain during her pregnancy . The baby was sitting low and touching a nerve.This product enabled my wife 's only complaint to be the fatigue that comes with wearing the support all day . It eliminated her baby discomfort.It was a very positive purchase for her and for the guy who loves her !
 I LOVE this maternity belt . Beginning in the fifth month of pregnancy , every time I walked even somewhat briskly or around a large facility -LRB- even just in the mall or Target -RRB- , I experienced `` runner 's stitches '' in my lower abdomen . I also had really bad backaches . As soon as I got this belt , I strapped it on and went shopping at Target and walked around for an hour without any problems , when previously I could hardly walk from the maternity section to the toy section without doubling over from the cramping . Now I can even go on half hour walks around the neighborhood or on the treadmill with no problem!The only down side to this product , which I 'm sure is true of all belts like this , is that when I 'm sitting down it 's too snug so I have to loosen it and then tighten it again when I stand up to walk around . It 's main purpose for me though is to help when walking around stores or for excercise , so that 's not a major issue for me . Overall , this is a really great product .
 I am very far from my girlfriend and thus unable to help with many basic chores . . this belt has proven very useful in supporting her back in long walks and random tasks of cleaning , rearranging , and just her general mobility around the house and abroad . I 'm sure she could make a much better review than I could , but , for me , it 's enough to say that she has n't been complaining of back troubles nearly as much -LRB- if at all -RRB- since receiving this product .
 This belly belt does work but the only problem I had with it is when I fasten it under my belly it puts more pressure on my bladder and that 's the last thing I needed . 4 out of 5 stars from me ... I can only handle wearing this for short periods at a time .
 Very helpful . I work long hrs and I would n't be able to do it without the support belt
 I love this incense . It is not overpowering , yet leaves the house smelling wonderful . Good to use after cooking strong-odor foods .
 I was hoping this would have a good lavender sent to it but it doesnt . Its OK.The tips are not purple either . They do burn for a good while , though .
 A great mild tasting cup of tea . I enjoy this as a breakfast tea for it 's gentle flavor , you may want to try this one for your own stock .
 I need adrenal support and the product arrived quickly , was well packaged and met the medical needs I was hoping for .
 Thorne always meets expectations . This has really helped with my adrenal fatigue . I highly recommend to others with these issues .
 I received the item on time and the item met my expectations . I appreciated the quick service and great product .
 This belt does help support your growing stomach and lessens back pain . What I do n't like is that I can see lines from it under my clothes and I have to take it off when I go to the bathroom -LRB- fine at home , a pain at work -RRB- . But overall , it does do what is says it will do . And it helps a lot with back pain and other aches . Good product !
 I am currently 5 months pregnant with twins and have been suffering from pelvic girdle pain , lower back pain , and round ligament pain since the beginning of the second trimester . I have been having trouble getting out of the house because of the pain and my OB recommended that I get a support belt and begin physical therapy . As soon as the belt arrived I tried it on and was pleasantly surprised to find that my round ligament pain and back pain immediately disappeared and that the pelvic girdle pain was greatly reduced . I am now able to spend more time on my feet and am getting more exercise and feel more active.The belt is comfortable while standing and walking , but squishes a little bit when sitting with it on . However a few quick readjustments fix that problem quickly . Normally I would have gotten an large but with twins I thought I would need a larger belt and this one does n't disappoint , I have plenty of room to grow . However , since I bought the larger size , the top support is too large.The only thing I do n't like is that the belt makes me very warm and I have to wear a thin shirt under it because it is a little itchy on my bare skin.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a heavy duty maternity support belt .
 I recently bought this Support at 18 weeks pregnant and now I am at almost 23 . I am a hairdresser and on my feet all day and this really helps support the baby and my back so back pain is gone . If I do not wear it now I feel like the baby is being bounced around too much . Great product . thanks
 Actually fits , very comfy and supportive !! So so glad I found it !! True to size if not a little roomy !!
 Well I like this product pretty well , it is kind of hard to put on and must come off to go to the bathroom . It gives good support but the belt that is so post to go over the top is not helpful and way to big . I am larger like 1x and ordered the extra large everything fits but the top belt that you do n't really need , gives some relief off your back .
 I looked locally for a support belt that would relieve the severe tail bone and pelvic pain from my pregnancy . This one was cheaper yet the same style my doctor recommended . I am a size 20-22 per-pregnancy so I was a little concerned about fit but this belt fits fine with plenty of room for my ever growing belly . I can wear it all day and it greatly improved the pain I was in . I do recommend wearing a tank underneath to keep the elastic from rubbing against your skin . Overall worth the money for the relief it gave me !
 I am 30 weeks pregnant and have been told by my OB I needed extra back support for the back pain I was experiencing . I looked online for the best reviews and went with this product . I wore a size 12 denim pre-pregnancy so decided to go with an XL it fits awesome ! I have it on the tightest setting , but it feels strong and very supportive . I have PLENTY of growing room too . I am just totally impressed with everything about it . Even the seller . I ordered this product 3 days ago ... and I am wearing it right now ! It has not even said it has shipped yet in my orders ! What ?! That is awesome , so kudos to you guys ! I have another 10 weeks and if it was anything like today I may not ever take it off it helped so much . If your in pain , spend the $ 40 . I would pay $ 10 a week for a month to feel a significant change . My Son seems to enjoy figuring out what the heck it is . He continuously kicks at it ! Due on 12.12.12 Tennessee .
 Good product , but definately runs on the big side . Order one some smaller than you think you need . I ca n't use the top strap at all because it is too big unless I rap it all around . I use it working out and helps with posture and back pain .
 This item was pretty good , but the metal in the back does not hold up well to prolonged use . I would still recommend this product especially if the woman is not obese .
 I started taking Natures Pearl supplement a little over a month ago after battling Crohns disease for 8 years as well as Fibromyalgia and high blood pressure . I had been to half a dozen specialists , taken more medications than I can count and participated in numerous drug studies looking for something to put me into remission or at the least stabilize my symptoms . I had undergone a small bowel resection as well as other surgeries for my Crohns and nothing helped . My fibromyalgia on top of it was so painful I could hardly walk at times . I felt as if I 'd gone from 31 years old to 80 . I could n't participate in family activities , functions and could barely get through a simple work day . Two days after I started Natures Pearl -LRB- which I had started reluctantly since I 'd already tried every natural and prescription remedy with no luck -RRB- I woke up and felt incredibly good . At first I assumed it was some kind of fluke and I actually had a good day after over a year of suffering with these painful symptoms . After a week of waking up completely rested , absolutely NO pain from the Fibromyalgia and no more stomach pain from my Crohns I was convinced it had to be from these supplements . I have never experienced anything like this from anything I 've tried ... no more swelling in my feet , legs and hands . My moods in general were noticeably improved . What amazed me the most was the fact that I was actually able to stop several of my medications , my anti-anxiety , anti-depressant , diuretic , prescription sleep aid ... I 've been so alert , and well rested every morning and tired and ready for bed by 10pm -LRB- with NO sleep aids , OR caffeine !! -RRB- . I am actually saving over $ 70 a month on prescriptions alone that I no longer need ! Undoubtedly I signed up right away to become a distributor with the confidence and my own personal testimony I KNEW if this helped me it could do wonders for other people . I recently started a severe diabetic on NP and his blood sugar has stayed at 90 and lower ! I started my 10 year old daughter after I found toxic ingredients listed on both of our vitamins , she has already brought her grades up at school , has a great attitude and has said herself how much more alert she feels at school instead of that `` bored and groggy '' feeling.I wish I 'd known about this product a lot sooner , I would have started my father on it in a heartbeat who suffered with Rheumatoid Arthritis and passed away from cancer almost a year ago . I have no doubt that this supplement would have done wonders for him as well.The skin care products are just as impressive , even though I 've never been big into exfoliating and moisturizing like most woman my age I have actually seen a huge difference in just my hands , after working in the medical field and constantly washing my hands they normally felt like sandpaper . I use the lotion everyday now and no matter how much I was my hands I seem to maintain normal , soft skin.Needless to say I would HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone of any age . I think we ALL know someone who could benefit from this product whether it just be for energy , anxiety , skin care or more frustrating health problems as I had mentioned in my testimony . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My friend , Ruth Mast , gave me a bottle of these . Being on the end of alternative medicine , I was not skeptical . However , I did know that the doctor had said that my pain would be chronic . I 've had loss of energy and chronic pain since a bad car wreck almost two years ago . After an hour and a half of taking ONE CAPSULE , I was cleaning my house and had the zest that I had once had . I do not that I am still having sciatic pain while sitting here , so I will see what happens after taking the capsules for a month .
 My brother in law started this brand of grape seed product -LRB- bone cancer -RRB- and it made a great difference in him.My dog has cancer and we thought before Christmas he would not make it . So I thought what do we have to lose . I bought it and within 14 hours he started to improve . His appetite is back and he he is moving around more and going outside more . His tail is wagging and he is now fallowing you around . It 's amazing . Everyone wants to know what happen to him even his vet . He still has cancer but he is his old self . Just ordered the second bottle .
 This product is all I expected it to be . Will contine to use this product for over-all good health . The price should be a little more competitive . I think it is a bit over-priced .
 After feeling very sluggish and always tired before the end of my long days , I started taking these capsules after reading the research done on them , and after a couple weeks taking them I started to notice a big difference . I was resting better at night and waking up BEFORE the alarm went off , ready to start the day . I have n't checked my cholesterol since I have been taking them but feel certain it is better than it was . I take 2-4 pills a day and sometimes a half bottle of juice on top of that and my energy level has certainly gone up from where it was.We gave some of these to a neighbor battling Parkinson 's and after a couple weeks they have reported very positive results , feeling better , more energy , working again , as well as other things .
 At about week 22 of my pregnancy with twins , I started getting severe lower back pains . My doctor recommended a pregnancy belt . After receiving it and wearing it a full day , my back pain was significantly reduced . Sometimes , even when wearing it , I still get pains , but more often than not , the belt really , really helps.It 's pretty comfortable , but can be a little awkward to wear when going to the bathroom . When I 'm at work , I wear it under clothes , and at home , I wear it over my clothes.Before the pregnancy , I was a size 14 . As I 'm carrying twins , I ordered a large , and it fits great . I 'm in my 8th month , and there 's at least 5 '' of expansion room .
 I have a back injury while pregnant and was told by my Physical Therapist to get this support belt . It helps elevate some of the weight/pulling in my back do to my growing stomach . It is a little awkward to put on by myself , not sure if that is do to my back injury or the way the belt is made so it did n't get the full 5 stars . I find the belt easier to use when my husband assist me in putting it on . I would recommend this belt for any pregnant women who is having back issues while pregnant .
 I bought this product on the advice of my physical therapist for sciatic pain during my 3rd trimester -LRB- 4th baby -RRB- . The directions were a little hard to follow and I was grateful for the confirmation of my P/T . As soon as I put it on , I could n't believe I ever went through a pregnancy without using this !! As my back/sciatic pain improved , the support was uncomfortable and later unnecessary when sitting . However , I would still use the support if I needed to move around alot -LRB- cooking , cleaning , groceries , etc. -RRB- with great success . Love it !!
 I wish I had known that products like this existed when I was pregnant with my son . During that pregnancy any kind of activity that required bending and moving , such as mopping , sweeping the floor , etc. . . was horrible for me . My back would hurt so bad afterwards that I would end up resting it the entire next day after such an activity . I had a really hard time functioning towards the end of my pregnancy.This time around I discovered this product around 4 months pregnant and decided to go ahead and get it so as to prevent going down the same road . I am so excited by how much this product has helped . I run a home daycare and am constantly moving around all day . Activities that require bending - sweeping , mopping , changing diapers , giving hugs , etc. . . are a huge part of my day every day . I need to work the entire 9 months so I 'm so happy about the difference this product makes for me . I try to remember to put this on first thing in the morning before kiddos arrive . On the days that I forget to wear it , my back is exhausted by about 1:00 pm . The days that I wear it I 'm good for my entire work day , which is until 5:00 pm . When I do take this off in the evening I can feel my body shift , meaning my belly falls forward and my upper body bends back to compensate . This is a concrete example of how much weight this support is actually taking off of my lower back.Now that I 've gone on about what I love , here 's the not so great things . It 's a bit bulky . I feel a bit like I 'm wearing armor and I definitely feel I need a rest period at the end of the day where I do n't wear it . I do n't think it could offer the awesome support that it does though without being a bit bulky , so this does n't bother me at all . For some reason it causes my pants to slide down in the back . That can get a bit annoying . I may have to figure out some way to remedy this . Even with that though , it 's still worth it to me . I 'd rather have to hike up my pants a few times than have an exhausted lower back.The few things I listed that are not so great would probably be similar cons of any maternity support belt . Overall , I ca n't say enough good things . If you 're thinking you need something like this , stop thinking and start purchasing . You wo n't regret it .
 This product was recommended to me during pregnancy by my physical therapist.It definitely serves its purpose , giving immediate noticeable relief to lower back pain as soon as you put it on.The strap to position over the belly is way too long , so I have n't worn that.The only heads up when ordering this product is to order a size bigger if you 're border-line on their charts . I was a size 18 prior to pregnancy but my waist was fairly small so my therapist told me to definitely go with the Large . This was too small and did not stay in place so I returned it for an XL which is perfect .
 This belt was recommended by my dr. and insurance company . I have been very satisfied with it . It does make going to the bathroom quickly a bit of a challenge since there are three different parts , but it lifts and supports in all the right places .
 My belt was shipped Fed Ex for free and received very quickly . I loved my belt so much I sent one to my pregnant sister . She loves hers too . It has given us both some mobility we did n't have before . I am on my fifth child and she is on her fourth . We both had a lot of pain early on and needed this . I just wish I had it for my other pregnancies .
 the product is of good quality , sturdy and does the job-holds your belly while you 're growing . Also it relieves the pressure off your back at least 90 % which is better than most other belts .
 I purchased this item because I was experiencing a lot of pelvic pain . It helped remove a lot of pressure off the pelvis and hips and helped me walk better . The wobbliness that happens in pregnancy was not as bad when wearing this item . It stabilizes the hips . It helps best if you wear it daily . When you first begin wearing it it might take two or three days to start feeling the full effect of lessening soreness . It 's a worthy investment .
 If you 're looking for a great meal replacement this is your product . I was using Medifast but it got to be too costly . This product has 100 calories & Medifast has 90 calories . A fair trade-off .
 My order was shipped and delivered in record time . They have greatly helped my joints . I have more flexability !
 This is simply the best jar opener I 've used , because it grips easily , and does n't slip.I 'm not sure why they market it so narrowly to those with arthritis . Anyone would prefer it to the other jar openers I 've tried.The only drawback is that it does make a dent in the edge of the lid proportional to the force that was necessary to turn the lid . The dent does n't prevent re-using the lid , but I would n't use the Un-Skru on any lid that needed to be preserved `` for show '' for some reason . -LRB- In the latter case , I 'd use some kind of strap wrench , e.g.SEEN ON TV Grip Wrench Pro , though that would be much less convenient , and prone to slipping . -RRB-
 I replaced another -LRB- broken -RRB- opener purchased from a local hardware store . It broke after a few uses . Tried this on several jars - one tough one so far . 100 % success and a better grip on the jar than the old one . Happy so far !
 Wow buy this !!! It opens everything.We had one since I was a child.Once I found it on Amazon - I phoned my Mom.We bought one for basically everyone in the family.I will forever have one in my home.It will open everything with ease , everything !!
 jar opener works good . the jar opener is convenient because it is mounted under the cabinet out of the way.product is reasonable priced .
 I 've yet to find something the Un Skru job opener wo n't open ! Yes , it will put a dent in a cap if you twist really hard , but you get * controlled * openings -- no contents going flying as the top screws off . The dent does n't interfere with closing the lid while you 're using up the contents . It 's not as though I 'll be saving the jars and lids once the jars are empty . I 've had no trouble with plastic caps , but you have to remember how strong the device is and gently apply no more pressure than needed .
 I have owned this breathalyer for 1 year exactly , and it 's time for me to buy the replacement calibrated sensor . I find it to be very , very reliable and consistent . I trust it completely , and it has prompted me to call a cab for a ride home rather than driving on a couple of occasions in the last year .
 I researched breathalyzers thoroughly and decided on this AlcoMate Prestige based on the fact that it 's self-calibrating and quite accurate . However , the product is not exactly as pictured by Amazon . The picture of the product as sold by Amazon shows a silver breathalyzer , a few mouthpieces , a small pouch , and a larger carrying case . The product as delivered did NOT include the larger carrying case . Note that the same product without the larger carrying case -LRB- i.e. as I received it -RRB- is available from other sellers on Amazon for $ 20 less than the Amazon prices .
 I recommend this product for anyone that needs a breathalyzer . It 's an amazing product for the money and it works just like the more expensive models .
 It does work , I do n't know how to read the numbers but I use it for my teenager and it does work ! I tested it on myself several times ...
 I am a former police officer and based on my experience , this unit seems to be both accurate and consistent . Obviously , you do n't want to use it with fresh alcohol in your mouth , or it 's going to give you an artificially high reading.I note that one person gave this unit one star , and then said that the unit was reading high while acting as if it 's the unit 's fault that he apparently got arrested for DUI . First off , if in fact the unit was reading high -LRB- as much as 50 % , as he put it -RRB- , then why in the world did he get behind the wheel of a car ? I can see a beef if it reads low , but how can you blame an arrest on a unit that -LRB- maybe -RRB- reads high?Also , when in doubt *** DO N'T GET BEHIND THE WHEEL !!! *** Driving while intoxicated is very serious business . It 's not just about getting caught by the police , but more importantly , you could kill or maim some innocent person or yourself . I 've seen a number of cases firsthand where young children with their lives ahead of them were killed by drunk drivers . Try living with that on your conscience , not to mention the legal and financial consequences.But the bottom line is that I recommend this breathalyzer . It 's compact , relatively inexpensive , and the user replaceable sensor is a big plus . Just remember that it is a useful tool , perhaps even entertaining , but it 's certainly not a substitute for good judgement and common sense .
 I bought one of these for a friend who had suffered a DUI and could n't afford to get another . We use it when we 've been out to a party or drinking after work and want to know whether it is safe to drive . There 's been more than once that we went back inside to `` cool off '' for about an hour before driving home because this thing read over the limit . I certainly did n't feel like I was impaired - it is pretty surprising just how low .08 really is . For me , that is about two microbrews and my friend , three . It does make a big difference whether you 've eaten much that day as well . I think the people complaining about this device either are n't following the directions , or are n't willing to believe they are over the limit when they really are . I 've never gotten a 000 reading after having anything at all to drink , but have tested it without drinking and every time got 000 . Follow the simple instructions and it will work for you too .
 I owned a breathalyzer in the past , and the worst part was periodically having to mail it in to the manufacturer for calibration service . I really like that the Prestige uses the replaceable sensors , so I can just swap them out when it comes time -LRB- The test counter is good for letting me know when -RRB- . All my tests have been really accurate for me , as long as I wait 20 minutes after drinking , like it says in the manual . I do n't know about comparing it to police breathalyzers either , I think they cost ten times as much .
 I got this breathalyzer because of a inability to judge when I was `` legally '' drunk . After some informal testing , it seems to work as advertised . It 's small and easy to carry . Plus , after using it a while , I 'm better able to judge my level of intoxication even when I do n't have it.Also very handy at parties when an inebriated guest is insistent on leaving . If they pass the test they can have their keys !
 The AlcoMate Prestige is the best product for the money . Cheaper units require recalibration . More expensive units are not necessary for individual use.All drinkers should have a method for measuring of their blood-alcohol levels . The AlcoMate Prestige is easy to use , small enough to travel in a purse or glove box , and accurate . You would n't want to drive a car without a speedometer . Sure , you might be able to reasonably guess your speed , based on other cars on the road and other factors . The police will measure your speed using a digital meter . So of course , you expect to equip your car with a similar device to know if you are legal or if you are breaking the law.The ramifications of driving while under the influence of alcohol are far greater than the ramifications of speeding.If you drink alcohol and drive , do n't go without this important gauge .
 This came right on time & works awesome ! It 's comes with an easy carry case to slip in the purse . You have to wait 10 minutes after eating or drinking to do the test . And it has 500 tests before the sensor needs to be replaced . That takes a long time ! Even at parties ! Definitely buy more mouthpieces , though .
 I purchased this as both a test for those nights after extended dinners to better understand if driving is a good idea or not and as a novelty purchase . It seems to be pretty accurate . The key is definitely time between your last drink and blowing . Blow right after a drink and you 're going to be way high -LRB- which is probably better than reading low -RRB- . How it compares to a legit cops breathalyzer , not sure ; but it does give a good enough read in my book.What has been very interesting is to see what you blow after a hard night of drinks . I was amazed to see how close to not legal I 've been even after a good 8 hours sleep.As for novelty , everyone loves it ! I 'd purchase it again . Use and play with it but please do so safely .
 This is an excellent product for anyone who is trying to enjoy a night out responsibly . This shows you when you are over the legal limit for alcohol . The tester comes in a nice case so that it does not get damaged . Have n't had any problems since I owned this .
 The AlcoMate Prestige is a very accurate breathalyzer for the price . I would definitely recommend it to anyone . I really like the fact that it does n't need to be calibrated every 6-12 months , but has a replacement `` pod '' instead . The best part about that is you do n't have to mail your unit away and risk losing it or being without it for a few weeks . The ONLY negative thing I can about my order was the large black case which is shown in the picture DOES NOT come with this breathalyzer . It 's not a big deal , but the way it 's pictured it should be part of the package .
 My husband sits by the pellet stove to relax . It 's in the basement which gets musty , once in a while . I thought the cedar incense would be a pleasant masculine scent for him . We both love it . I took some to use in the living room . At Christmas , I burnt these every day to add to the spirit of the season .
 This is a great product that feels clean the minute you put it on ... MSM is known for its natural sulfur compound that is good for repairing and healing . I have already seen a difference in my skin by use only once daily . A good price for a good product ...
 I use it often to sooth aching muscles after a hard work out and as a facial gel to help keep skin healthy . My son also uses it to control acne . Very satisfied with the results .
 Seems to work - I use it for my knees and it seems to help . Hard to really tell because of the weather up here in Alaska - a wet climate - but I like the feel and smell of it .
 Strawberry incense does n't have the same citrus-like twang in scent as real strawberries - smells more like a strawberry dessert - but a low-carb version with very little sugar added . Subtle , sweet and relaxing , one of my favorite incense scents .
 I really love these liquid minerals . They give me more energy and are easy to take . They do n't really taste , so my kids easily drink them down . Great price too !
 All I have to say is WOW ! This is the third type of ionic mineral I have bought in the past 3 years , and I have finally found a good one !! The first one was brown - so it turned the water brown - and second one recommended 40 drops which I was never able to get to and the kids didnt like the taste.We have Reverse osmosis water and it takes out the smell as well as the good and the bad minerals so I add these to a crafe and we drink that - the FIRST day I noticed way more energy -LRB- I bought the immune support as well and got the silicea as a free trial bottle when I ordered direct from the company - so I add all threeto the carafe which is about a half gallon or so -RRB- I took a teaspoon full straight and could taste an aftertaste of minerals but nothing horrible at all - and the kids cant taste it - -LRB- they had previously refused to drink out of the crafe because the water tasted bad -RRB- I have NEVER noticed such a noticable increase in energy and general wellbeing from ANY supplement before as with this . I look forward to more signs of increased good health . I came to Amazon to check pricing on getting more and just had to share my experience since it is such a good one .
 I do n't know what instinct or reading caused me to try this when my nails started painfully flaking right down to the quick for the first time in my life , but Inoticed a change within days after I started taking this and my nails returned to normal . I have since bought the Liquid Concentrate .
 This is a good source of daily minerals . I have n't measured any clinical tests or blood work , but I always feel better when this is added to my daily drinking water -LRB- 1 tsp/glass/day -RRB- .
 there seem to be few lukewarm opinions on the headblade among head shavers ... . many people find it awkward to use ... . I maintain that when you really learn to use it , using a conventional razor to shave your head feel super awkward . I think the headblade sport is actually a better ` starter ' headblade ... the little wheels are like training wheels almost . Two things must be your mantra with the HB ... . keep the wheels -LRB- or base with the classic -RRB- in contact with your head at all times and apply NO pressure to the blade !!! that is the difference between a wonderful close shave and bleeding like a stuck pig . Go super slow at first ... . that 's also important . It 's a unique tool , and takes getting used to , but it 's worth it !!
 If you want to shave your head , there is simply no better way to do it . I have done it on and off with a regular razor -LRB- M3 Turbo -RRB- for years and have nicked and scalped myself many times . It took time and usually resulted in some blood . The Headblade Sport is so easy to use that I can shave my head in just a couple of minutes with no pain and no blood . I actually look forward to using it ! Get it !
 I 've tried various ways of head shaving and can say that Headblade is the easiest and produces the best results.If you use it properly you wo n't complain about it . When I started using it I made the rookie mistake of going front to back and that left the hair on the sides not shaved very well . Like some I thought that maybe Headblade just could n't cut my hair very well . Instead of giving up I decided to try a different technique . I decided to ignore the videos telling me they were the definitive way to shave . The definitive way to shave is to go with the grain then come back against it . For me with the gain is to start at the top of my head and go down towards my ear . My method might work for you , it might not . Run your hand across your head and pay attention to which way creates the most resistance.So to recap : * When you shave the right way Headblade is top notch . * The right way to shave is with the grain then against it . * There 's a reason you do n't apply pressure when shaving .
 I used the original HeadBlade for about a year , and although I preferred it to a regular blade , I was never very happy with the blades it used , because they had a tendency to nick my scalp if I was n't paying attention . -LRB- an easy thing to do 1st thing in the morning -RRB- I was quite happy when I received the HeadBlade Sport as a gift , and have found that it is a vast improvement on the previous design . I can shave my head in a fraction of the time of using a traditional blade , without any nicks at all.Yes , I still use a normal razer for my face and some of the places like above the ear , but I still count it as a major time savings . Can I get a closer shave with a normal blade ? Probably , but I 'll most likely nick the heck out of my head in the process.The one word of advice I would give someone contemplating using this versus a regular blade is to use it in the shower . Having your scalp `` conditioned '' by warm water really improves the closeness of the shave.Thank you , HeadBlade for saving me precious minutes in the morning for almost 2 years now .
 It 's as simple as 123 , If you ca n't shave your head with this awesome little invetion there must be something seriously wrong with your basic body functions , it 's like combing your hair back only with a blade , it comes off nice and smooth . I 've been shaving my head for almost 5 years the regular way , with a `` face '' razor and it took me way too long plus I always found missed spots all over my head and had to go back to them after I thought I was done , annoying to say the least . I bought my Headblade sport about a month ago , I am so pleased with it , the first time I used it I was done in about 3 minutes compared to the 10 or more with the regular razor . I highly recommend this article .
 I love it . I find it less awkward then a traditional razor . It did not take long at all to learn to use , but it did take a couple extra passes to clear the remaining stubble . I did buy a bottle of the `` headslick '' product to go along with it , and it was definitely worth the purchase . You will NOT be disappointed . Plus , if you order from the official headblade website , a portion of the purchase goes to childrens cancer research through St. Baldricks . Sorry , Amazon . Great shopping site , but I had to plug theirs !
 I have used these cups before , and they are very good . My only objections to them are that the plastic edge is thin and can cause some discomfort when a lot of pressure is used , and the valve can be tricky if not handled with care . The hand pump is pretty solid , and I do like using it with an extension hose so I can lay the pump off to the side .
 This oil is great for aches and muscle soreness . I do n't understand the other negative reviews . I have been using Mahanarayan oil for years , and Banyan Botanicals is making some of the best Ayurvedic oils available .
 Oil works well if used several times a day for relief of stress in upper back also rub on sore muscles like tennis elbow .
 I find it misleading to show this item and this item alone as possibly qualifying for free shipping when there is obviously no such possibility
 I would only use a vitamin made by Thorne . I do not trust any of the others as they add too many fillers and coating that I am allergic to
 Worked great used it many times for that bi-annual cleanse and never had any bad problems . Lots of pills to take but no different than the vitamins I take daily . Use a pill box and take morning and night and you should have no problem
 I 'm 8 days into this cleanse and the only side effect I 've noticed was mild headaches the first 4 or 5 days . The headaches were n't painful enough to even take a pain reliever . I have felt pretty fatigued but I anticipated that . This product has not caused diarrhea which is nice , I was hoping it would n't . I chose to do this cleanse because it seemed more complete than other cleanse products out there and it is n't marketed as a weight loss cleanse , which seem to be pretty unhealthy and pointless .
 I advice you guys to buy Spirulina capsules because it 's really great for your health and your body and it helps you get an healthy body .
 I am asked to review two products . The small bottle is 10 times more concentrated than the big battle . So , you really get less magnesium and you have to take a lot more . I have found the small bottle and the small amount that you take a much more useful option . It works very well
 This Chacra Candle is made of wonderful slow burning material . I would have liked it scented but for many the unscented is best , due to alergies . This feels well made and was an excelent item to bu for myself . it would also make a great gift .
 I love this scrubber . I had one like this for 15 years . I used it until there was nothing left of it . I tried all of the other scrubbers you could get at places such at Walmart . They start rusting and falling apart within a week . BUT this scrubber is built to last . It does not take hardly any elbow grease to get my pots clean with it . LOVE IT !
 This stainless steel scrubber is great ! It scrapes off the hardest to remove food particles with the least amount of effort . It holds up well and it does n't rust . This is a must in my kitchen where I love to feed many children and grandchildren on a fairly regular basis .
 It is a good product for your joint support where you can get the best of it , it contains the best ingredient .
 These plates are just as good -LRB- better in my opinion -RRB- than regular paper plates you get from the grocery store . They are tough , work great in the microwave and do n't leak . They are strong and sturdy and will be the only type of paper plate I 'll ever buy .
 These are good and big sized plates . Pretty durable and tough enough . I dont know why they did n't make more than packages of 12 quantity .
 I hate those bargain plates that are so thin you need four for a tuna sandwich ! ... These plates are strong and made from recycled corn stalks . I like them so much I have been getting a case of them automatically ever three months for three years .
 Worked for me and my sister for bladder infections . I have also used it for when I am sick and need an antibiotic .
 Great for colds and infections . It does work . I have tried a stronger brand in the past . I need to use 3 of these when I am really sick , compared to 2 of the other , but the price difference makes it worth it .
 This product is great for upper respiratory infections , allergies , and even urinary tract infections.When I started having more allergy related asthma , I took Golden-seal once a day for 10 days ... My allergies lessened . I no longer had sinus/allergy headaches every day.The one thing I did notice ... . My ankles swelled some and my blood pressure went up a bit.I took half a capsule for a few days , a whole one for a few days , then 3/4 of a capsule for a few days.Now that I have stop taking Golden-seal , my blood pressure is normal once again.Another good one is Oregano oil . This does not cause high blood pressure .
 This Chacra Candle is made of wonderful slow burning material . I would have liked it scented but for many the unscented is best , due to alergies . This feels well made and was an excelent item to bu for myself . it would also make a great gift .
 I first started using Thorne vitamins 18 years ago when my first child was born . When you have little kids , every possible bug comes home , and the first month my child went to daycare , he got bronchitis , and my husband got pneumonia . His mother found the vitamins and started bringing them to us . Amazing ; with two children in daycare and working long hours in crowded offices -- think Amazon in the Columbia building -- I survived exposure to other people 's colds , sleep deprivation , stress , all the conditions that run down working parents . I switched to the Meta-Fem when I was 42 , after years of taking Basic Nutrients IV . To this day I believe I am healthier and more resilient as a result of these vitamins . I swear by them , and I tell all women to take them . One word of warning ; they are strong and can not easily be tolerated on an empty stomach !
 Using only the highest quality ingredients -LRB- no synthetic substances -RRB- and no flowing agents , -LRB- magnesium stearate and stearic acid -RRB- , I believe Meta Fem is the best multi for women for the price on the market . Flowing agents , such as magnesium stearate and stearic acid , enable the ingredients used in supplements to flow through the presses more smoothly without sticking . They also cause the supplements to become sticky and less usable by your body . I have researched the contents and prices of a number of natural supplements , and of all the best ones , for the price and quality Meta Fem is my favorite . If your body ca n't use the ingredients , what good is taking a supplement ? You might as well throw your money down the toilet .
 For my fibromyalgia , my doctor has me on medications , and he recommended that I replace my usual over-the-counter multi-vitamin with Thorne 's Meta-Fem because Thorne is an excellent manufacturer and produces very pure products . Additionally , the vitamin and mineral dosages and ratios are much higher than the typical OTCs . 4 in morning ; 4 in evening . Combats some side effects from other medications after about 3 months .
 I went to a Naturopathic Doctor when my Gynocologist could n't help me with a female issue I was having . The Naturopathic Doctor recommended these vitamins and it helped clear up the issue I was having . Best of all , like the other review , I noticed my general health was better too . I can tell a big difference in my appetite , surprisingly , when I am taking the vitamins too . I took my bottle to Whole Foods to compare to all of their vitamins expecting to find a comparable one and NOTHING on their shelves even compared with the list of ingrediants that Meta Fem has . I have run out and am scolding myself because I feel more run down when I do n't take them .
 seem to only stick for a bit of a day and I do n't think I sweat at all . . had to use tape over them , to keep them on ; otherwise , I have been losing them !
 I am a doctor and needed a small reliable tool to check out middle ears during my travels . I wanted batteries , because I may not be able to recharge the unit . This works , well , good light and you can use it with the bulb and perform procedures through it , not that I want to , but it is good to know that you can . Would do nusiness gain with the seller .
 Arrived in good condition , on time and works great . Of course we 'll have to see if it stands the test of time , but the way things look I do n't think I 'll have any trouble with it .
 I am very happy with the service and the product received . Packaging was great . Thank you and Best of luck in your business . Wish you a very Happy New Year .
 I use this supplement because it comes in capsules , which are more digestible . I take them at night , it seems to help with reflux as well .
 Natural Healing salve with amazing beneficial properties . Recommended to me by a chef who used it on hand cuts in his work - I have put this on a bleeding wound and gotten immediate pain relief , there is no development of redness around a wound , the skin remains normal color and does not dry out ; it speeds healing , and greatly reduces any scarring . Herbal Ed 's is a natural product and the synergism of all the ingredients produces immediate and healthy curative properties . From my own personal use , I know it works . I use it on my dogs if they get a cut , and on dry paw pads . It restores natural oils and relieves soreness . Give this the HIGHEST recommendation possible !
 I bought this salve after looking at many different brands of salves , and finding this one to be best . It really is . Burns , cuts , wounds that wo n't heal ; this salve will make it heal so that the injury almost never happened . The best part is that this salve numbs the pain , naturally , until you ca n't feel it anymore.The only thing that may scare some people is the price , but come on , it 's better -LRB- both in pain relief-disinfecting wounds and ingredients -RRB- than Neosporin , or any other double/triple antibiotic I 've ever used before .
 I am being treating with a new protocol for non-diabetic Peripheral Neuropthy which requires six injections of a Novacain type substance per foot for 8 visits . Well the skin started itching due to the sticky surface of the bandaids put on the area that recieved the injections . This was not a small itch , it was so intense it woke me up at night and I developed a rash . I aways get a rash from a bandaid or anything with stickey surface that comes in contace with my skin . My doctor gave me a sample of Herb Pharm Original Salve which I applied to all the areas that were used for the injections and whala no more itch . It is a great product to have around the house and when on vacation . I will not be without it as a result of my very postitive experience .
 I have used this salve for burns , paper cuts , and other boo-boos , and it is excellent . But the latest , greatest thrill that I have for this product is that it kills a cold sore -- quickly . I just returned from a trip to Hawaii , where much to my dismay , I could feel the tell tale blister pop up . Hours later when I returned to my room , I saw it in my bag and decided to give it a try . In the past , I 've always used Burt 's Bees lip balm but they no longer put comfrey in it , so I do n't use it anymore -- it 's just not the same without the comfrey . I remembered that Ed 's salve has comfrey in it so even though it 's not really a lip balm , I figured it would work as such . It 's very thick and does n't taste or even feel particularly nice , but I slathered it on thick and kept reapplying as needed , which did n't seem like very often . It 's so thick and weighty that if it 's applied at bedtime , there will still be a significant amount left in the morning . The good news and the end of this story is that the cold sore was born on a Friday and nearly dead -- two days later -- by Sunday . Burt 's never worked that well . I think the calendula and plantain plays a crucial role as well as the comfrey . Truly amazing , this Ed !
 This salve is incredible . I have used it on many different scrapes , cuts and burns -LRB- including sunburn -RRB- . It seems to aid the body in healing itself more quickly than something like Neosporin . I had a really awful looking burn on my arm from an accident with a grill , and just a few weeks later , the area is barely visible . I do n't think there will even be a scar . I highly recommend this salve for a variety of skin-related issues .
 Excellent product . Used it on cuts and abrasions for both people and pets . Would never be without it . Highly recommend .
 Herbal Ed 's is the most amazing healing salve you could ever find . It works most effectively for anything that is skin related . I have had a severe burn and put Herbal Ed 's on it immediately and the burning pain stopped . Then I sealed the salve on the burn with a bandage that I left on for 3 days . When I removed the bandage , the burn was just a mild pink area . This works great on baby 's diaper rash . It will heal it in one or two days . It also helped heal a surgical incision on my foot , since this will not dissolve surgical skin glue like petroleum based ointments do . I wo n't be without it in my medicine cabinet .
 I am not sure if this works on everyone as I do grind my teeth and I think there is little enamel on my teeth maybe so possibly penetration is different do n't know but I used this in my mouth one night fro something else -LRB- sore gums -RRB- and in the morning my teeth were very noticeable whiter . I did not feel the ingredients were unsafe , Id like to know if that happens to anyone else .
 I bought one of these here over a year ago and really had not much need of it until last week when I burned one of my fingers on a really hot pot . So . . I went searching -LRB- and hard -RRB- for this salve , put it on my aching finger and it took the ache and there is a small scar but not one that is noticeable , so I am grateful for Herbal Ed 's for that . I feel this should be in everyone 's purse because there is always a need for it .
 Smells wonderful and really heals wounds . It is also very soothing and an excellent pain reliever for cuts . A dear friend from Australia introduced me to it -LRB- she let me use hers on a bad cut -RRB- and I immediately had to purchase my own.I love it and highly recommend it ! No medicine chest should be without it .
 I mostly use this salve for muscle pain relief . I have `` mouse arm '' -LRB- carpal tunnel -RRB- and bad aches in my right arm . Ed 's Salve beats anything else and soothes the pain . Try it !
 Incredible stuff ! I used Herbal Ed 's Salve on a sore that I got while traveling and had had for two months . As soon as I used this salve my sore began to disappear and it was clear within four days . I bought this salve because it was the only one I could find that contained propolis , which is a natural anti-biotic from bees . I am taking Herbal Ed 's Salve whenever I travel as it is a perfect size and catch-all remedy !
 I had been looking for a natural alternative treatment for my contact dermatitis . This is wonderful for this and as an all around healing salve .
 I have been using CALM and CALM with Calcium for 2 months now . Because of my asthma , I am on many medications and often steroids . I had huge issues with foot and hand cramps as well as a constantly bouncing knee . I could not sleep for longer than 4 hours uninterrupted . Within two weeks of drinking a glass of CALM every night , my hand cramps stopped completely , my foot cramps occurred about 1-2 times per week , and I started sleeping better . Now , after two months of consistent use , my feet rarely cramp , and I can sleep for a straight 8 hours ! What a difference in my life !
 Calm brand magnesium citrate has been the best laxative I 've found so far . With chronic constipation and needing to take it regularly , it 's been the least abrasive , easy to drink , and generally does n't cause runny poo . I actually prefer the unflavored ones because I can add nearly any flavor to it with tea or whatever and the flavored ones limit that , though I guess they do n't really need any flavor added . I still prefer the unflavored though .
 This product is fabulous , helped me with the restless legs going to bed . The calcium is a boon and the taste is awesome ! Definitely something to sip to settle in for the evening . Warm is best . Delivered promptly and packaged nicely .
 I use Calm after a workout when I know I am going to be really sore . Its a natural pain reliever and works wonderfully . Just be careful because it is a bit of a laxative , which I do n't mind but know that before you take too much . I drink it before bed most nights , especially after working out and it helps me get to sleep . We also put it in the bath with my granddaughter to relax her and she smells delicious afterwards . Love this stuff !
 I recommend Calm and Calm with calcium to my patients often . Both work better than cal/mag pills for leg cramps , and make good-tasting drinks for those who do n't swallow pills well . They do help one sleep , especially when sleep is interrupted by muscle pain as in Fibromyalgia . Either can loosen stool , to your help or harm , so titrate your dose accordingly and start slow!The person who down rated this product because he got the wrong thing is not very bright .
 I take this most evenings and I feel it 's helping me sleep better and reduce muscle soreness from heavy weight training .
 it takes away the antsy leg syndrome which I get more often now since I started working out with weights
 My chiropractor recommended this for my tense muscles & migraines . I usually use it right before my bedtime to help me not grind my teeth as much . Not sure if it really works or if it just makes me feel better thinking it does . But it tastes great -LRB- although I dilute it with 3x as much water as they direct . -RRB-
 Dr Oz recently had a segment about headaches and had a specialist on the show that said for migraines -LRB- which I get monthly -RRB- to try treating with Magnesium . So today when I woke up with a splitting headache I mixed up a glass of this and within an hour my headache was gone . Normally I can not kick these headaches for 24 hours or more , no matter what I do . The drink tastes like Crystal Light raspberry-lemonade and is n't gritty , so it is very pleasant to drink . LOVE it !!
 This is one super easy way to get some calcium & magnesium into a kid who ca n't stand those chalky creamy supplements ! Does it help ADHD ? Hm ... Some kids maybe , but I ca n't say we see a huge difference with our wonder kid ... I 'm convinced that one ca n't expect much from supplements alone anyway ... At least for ADHD . I 'm just glad she 's getting calcium & magnesium and it does n't taste awful .
 This tastes good and does what it needs to do . I tell my folks to drop the extra fiber -LRB- ala Fiber Menace - give it a read -RRB- and take this instead .
 This stuff is a GREAT alternative to medications when I have massive panic attacks . It 's helped me stay off of meds and use a natural alternative .
 I bought this product for my husband . He was having severe leg cramps and the cramps have stopped now . He says it taste good and the price was great compared to the local Health Food Store . The seller delivered it on time also . Thanks Amazon , Kathy Castleberry Tampa Florida
 I love this stuff and it helps me maintain my weight by getting rid of unnessary crap stored in my sytem . My doctor put me on it two years ago and I still use it .
 Much cheaper to buy this in bulk and use sparingly to save yourself from lack of magnesium . Have used it for years and bought this for my pregnant daughter to make her 9 months easier !
 These plates are perfect . We are using them for regular meals and they hold us very well.Notes : High Temp Food
 These plates are excellent for use by our Bereavement Committee for receptions . Fibre plates are no longer available in 7 &#34; size and these are a good replacement . Would gladly order again .
 The shipment came fast , and appeared just as described . I split the purchase with my friend who was also getting married this summer . These looked great at my wedding 's dessert table !
 Bought a case to use for parties -LRB- we entertain a lot -RRB- and LOVE this product line . Sturdy -LRB- though not great for really saucy stuff as it absorbs -RRB- and you feel like you are n't filling the landfills with non-biodegradable stuff quite as much ...
 These plates are much sturdier than many others of similar size , made of renewable resources and compostablable . No dyes either .
 Love the fact this is a green item . It was well made and strong . It matched well with the other dinner ware we used in this product line . Will use again .
 My cat was not urinating very well and would squat in the corner in a strange way and was n't acting normally . A few days after using Pet Alive for UTI 's and she is back to normal . It is easy to use . I put a bit if the granules in my palm and mix it in her canned food on her plate . She gobbles it right up not knowing anything is in it . The service was fast and easy . The seller wrote a personal Thank you on the order form , which was a nice personal touch . I will order this again !
 I found this online and ordered for my poor cat that was suffering from unexplained UTI . I got it very quickly and since I 've used it she does n't have them anymore . Knock on wood !!! I feel it helped with her suffering and the pain . I would give her a tiny teaspoon of a good wet cat food and mix the pellets right in . She always downs it , no problem.I recently stopped using it as she has been better for 3 months . I do always keep a bottle of this handy just in case .
 My cat was had blood in urine . The vet bill was expensive and they gave him antibiotics . He was still bleeding . They wanted me to spend a couple hundred more dollars just for tests . Instead , I ordered this stuff . It 's easier to give the cat the tiny little grains , than a pill or a medicine dropper . And he seems to be doing better , and he gained his lost weight back and seems normal . So , I 'm glad I discovered this homeopathic remedy . The vendor sent the medicine as soon as I ordered it . Thanks so much . You may have prolonged my kitty 's life . I asked him if he feels better and all he says is `` Meow '' . And I do n't speak kitty , so ca n't tell you what the cat thinks about it .
 This product is a god send . I can not afford to go to the vet every time my 17 year old cat would get a UTI . I read the reviews for this and bought it thinking what the heck . I noticed a difference immediately . And we have n't had to go to the vet since . I would recommend this and have done so to other cat owners . She is not as lethargic and does n't act like she 's in pain anymore . Highly highly recommended . I make sure I sprinkle it on her food every morning and she does n't even know she is eating it ... . Thank you , thank you .
 We bought 2 bottles of the PetAlive UTI-Free for our 4 year old male cat . He was on a generic dry cat food diet and we noticed he was urinating on the floor of our utility room instead of in the litter box as normal . -LRB- It was winter time as well ... cold weather and crystals in urine ?? Not sure . -RRB- Anyhow , some of the puddles on the floor even contained some evidence of blood . We would watch him try to urinate outside and he would just strain . We have had cats with this issue in the past and have spent lots of $ $ $ at the vet . We thought we 'd give this a try . We bought a few cases of Friskies wet cat food and sprinkled the PetAlive product onto his food for a few weeks . It took a little time , but he got better and he went back to using the litter box without a problem . We continued with all canned food until symptoms were gone . He currently gets a can of wet food in the morning and the same generic dry in the evening . Glad we gave PetAlive a try .
 My cat has , for several years suffered from UTI problems - even the antibiotics given by the vet only helped a little bit - and the problems always came back.I had my doubts about this stuff -LRB- originally got at nativeremedies -RRB- but figured , what the heck . . Tried a little in moist cat food , but my baby wo n't eat moist cat food for some reason - only dry . . then a light bulb went off , I bought some Catmilk from the grocery store , mixed in the granules with the milk , and my sweetie drank it all down , even though the granules did not dissolve completely - she 'd lick it up with the milk.Well , I finally finished a whole bottle in about 2 weeks , of twice a day for the first few days , then once a day until it was gone . My cat has finally been using the litter box again , she 's much happier , and does n't go pee on piles of paper or in boxes or on laundry anymore . This stuff has made me a 100 % believer , and I 'm ordering more at the moment - just to have it on hand and offer regular feedings every couple days just to maintain her health . . This stuff has finally done what 3 different vets with antibiotics prescriptions could not do ! It is worth every penny , and then some ! I highly recommend it to anyone with a cat that has * confirmed * UTI problems and infections . -LRB- Please do have your cat checked by a vet first - there are other diseases that can cause similar symptoms , not just UTI infections ! -RRB-
 it really works . I thought it would be worth a try . Use it as directed
 I have never left a review on amazon , but I feel very pleased with this product that other people should know because I was skeptical , too , at first.I self-diagnosed my 3 year old male cat with a UTI . He was peeing a few drops in random places -LRB- mostly boxes , bags , and once on my covers -RRB- and i noticed there was no urine in his litter box.I was freaking out thinking about the hundreds of dollars towards the vet , scans , tests , and prescription medicine that would cause my cat to become more sick . Doing some research online and reading reviews about PetAlive UTI-Free I decided to give it a shot . I followed the instructions on the bottle for about a week and a half and my little boy is all better ! DEFINITELY RECOMMEND !
 I was desperate for help for two of my cats , both of which were leaving blood-tinged puddles around the house . Like so many others , I did n't have money to take them to a vet , and in past experiences did n't have much success with treatment from a vet . I ordered this product and followed the directions , and it seems to have done the trick . One cat had a bit of a relapse but seems to be OK now . My only negative comment is regarding the dosage - it 's very vague , calling for a `` large pinch '' or a `` small pinch '' of the product . I do believe that switching their food to the `` Special Diet '' canned food , mixed with water , also helped a lot . No more dry food for my cats .
 I now float like a butterfly and sting like a bee!Not to mention what this has done for my libido.The price is right and shipment was prompt .
 This was recommended by an ayurvedic doctor to use on a skin condition , so I researched it a little more . He carried the Banyan Botanicals brand . After reading all the reviews on amazon of a more pure neem oil -- everyone complained of the horrific smell -- I ordered this sesame seed with neem oil version . I can safely say I can use this product without the whole world covering their nose . There is enough neem oil to help skin issues and not stinking to high heavens . The sesame oil is a nice carrier for the neem oil.If you are waffling over buying a watered down version , read all the reviews on plain old neem oil and see if you find anyone who likes or tolerated the smell for any length of time . The Banyan Botanicals version has helped my skin issue and I will continue using it.Only ding on stars is the bottle dribbles no matter how I pour or squeeze , so counter always has an oil ring . Otherwise I love this stuff .
 Neem oil is used in my hair and I also use it for my skin . Neem oil helps with dry scalp and skin as well as any skin problems such as eczema or any bacterial infections .
 The bag has a complete instruction inside . We did all suggested by the instruction , and we had impressive results
 For any woman needing this type of product let me tell you that it really works ! My husband thinks Vibrel is magical and he is thrilled with the results . And I am equally as happy with this product . Pain free sex is back ! It may be expensive but it is worth every penny !
 While I agree with some of the previous review 's comments about the quality of these bandages , I have to ask the question
 These elastic bandages are individually wrapped , they each come with two clips and they are exactly as described in the ad .
 My toddler is on a continuous feeding pump . We use the bandages to help stabilize the cord so it does n't pull out his button when he tosses and turns at night . They stretch nicely and do n't leave marks/rashes on his tummy . Because he 's on the continuous pump all night and most of the day , he constantly urinates through his diaper . These wraps have all been washed mulitple times -LRB- line dried -RRB- . They hold up great . It 's hard to estimate exactly how many times , but I 'd say roughly 5x each if not more . Some are showing wear and tear . There are mini holes where his button poked holes through.The hospital sent us home with ACE brand wraps so we have both . These lay flat where our ace ones are all twisted it 's impossible to untwist them without ironing them flat . These are longer then the ACE brand . Though the ACE brand are thicker so they do n't get the holes . The color of these is much more appealing . The ACE looks dingy and dirty after the first wash . Which is n't a big deal , but for a 2 year old that wears this all day long , the brighter color just looks better.I also found that these breath better.We 've had our wraps for several months and we have n't had to toss one out yet - though we 're getting close.How well these would work for a sprain , I do n't know , but they 're absolutely perfect for our needs .
 I really feel this product has helped my child avoid getting sick as often and reduces the severity and duration of illness when he does catch something . Plus , it tastes great so no battles about getting it down .
 I am sold on the Herbs for Kids brand . They knrow what they are doing when it comes to making a quality product . I could n't be happier with their products . We use this product for immune support and it 's great .
 We love to give this to our daughter and she hardly ever gets sick ! We use this product on a daily basis and would get again .
 I heard Dr. Norm Shealy recommend Perfusia-SR in a teleseminar interview . It seems to reduce my blood pressure about 20 points . In my understanding of the call and discussion of this formula , this particular brand is unique in that the L-Arginine is time-released . The metabolism of L-Arginine in the body is very fast , so time-release provides a steady benefit to the body .
 This surprisingly worked . My doctor `` prescribed '' this supplement to me about 6 months ago . I do n't remember how long it took , I want to say about a month , my blood pressure dropped from 150 's / 95 + to 130 's / 90s -LRB- highest -RRB- to 120 's / 80 's -LRB- average -RRB- .
 Jack Challem , in his book , `` Stop Prediabetes Now : ... '' recommends L-Arginine to lower blood pressure . I was skeptical because my medication was barely keeping my numbers under control but decided to try the L-Arginine anyway . To my delight , it has been working for me . I prefer it because I have not noticed any side affects from taking it . I 'm ordering this brand again .
 Great for prostate problems also , It 's helped me at night time by not having to get up so many times .
 This was recommended to me by a good naturopath . I tried it on its own and it did n't work , so I let my MD prescribe something for me . That seemed to control the blood pressure somewhat , but not enough . He was going to add another Rx , but I did n't like the sound of the side-effects , so I gave Perfusia another go . I took both my first Rx along with the Perfusia , and within a day or two my blood pressure dropped to an average of mid-120s / 70s . I 've been on this regimen for 18 months and it continues to work fine .
 Perfusia was recommended by my Naturopathic doctor . After months of use , I can say it has never given me an upset stomach even when taken right before sleeping . Perfusia seems to have been of great benefit in concert with other supplements prescribed by the doctor . I recommend this Perfusia above all others if your doctor recommends an L-Arginine supplement .
 Excellent value for money and has helped in a million ways.It looks great and has reduced the pain .
 Just recently tried this and was pleasantly surprised . Great aroma and the top allows you to use without splashing too much out . All of the Enchanted Meadow products are high quality at a very affordable price .
 Use this and I love the gentle natural way it works . Cleanse More does not cramp . Taken at night for easy daily results . My doctor sees no problem with regular use . I have been using it for over a year and it is still effective .
 If you have a tens unit or an estim maching these replacement diodes are really worth the money . They stick well after multiple uses and I received them quickly and in good condition .
 This was a great gift for my Mom and Dad , They are sometimes hard to buy for . I think they really liked the bracelets because they wear them everyday . .
 Extremely mild and pleasant scent . A very pleasant alternative to those of us who ca n't tolerate OTC deos with aluminum .
 I found this deodorant in Canada . For those of us who wish to avoid antiperspirants , this is a wonderful deodorant without any of the chemicals that block the body 's ability to sweat out toxins . It is sweet smelling and effective . This company ships quickly and the products always arrive well packaged and ready for us .
 How do I even tell you how much I love this little bag ?! I love it.I 've seen other reviews that said it only fits regular tampons ... define regular ? I can fit three super plus Tampax Pearl in it . 6 if I lay them head to toe.I can also fit my Iphone , a credit/debit card , and some cash and flat keys in it if I want to be silly and use it as a clutch for a night out -LRB- and yes , I would do that -RRB- . It 's super cute , super fun , and functional . Get It !
 Although I do like this case , I think its a little hard to get the tampons out of the pockets . Very colorful . . love that it has a zipper to hold everything in . No more having to pull out a pen from my pocket book and instead pulling out a tampoon .
 its very cute in a fun sort of a way . it holds exactly 5 applicator tampons perfectly . there is a tampon chart so you can track your period , and apparently vinnies birthday is nov. 8 . so cute . the outside is very stiff so the tampons wont get messed up . the quality is good as well . on the zipper it says , i brake cycles .
 Too funny ! I bought this because I knew it would make a great gift and I was right ! Very funny !
 this case rocks , it does hold `` bunches '' ... most of my friends want one too . it 's hilarious . plus sturdy and protective of satan 's cotton fingers . . lol . it survives in my purse . . and that 's saying a lot as I 'm pretty rough with my stuff . . V 's tamp case is holding up and my tamps are n't all squished and beat up . rock on vinnie !
 I love this case ! It is very cute and serves a very important purpose . I can also store my pads in it . Love it , love it , love it . And the period chart is a cute touch .
 This is the cutest thing ever ! Very functional and you can fit at least 6 tampons in it .
 This case is really awesome - it 's bright and colorful , and pretty toughly made.Since it 's vinyl , it 's easily cleaned - it lives at the bottom of my bag , but it looks as clean as the first day that I got it . The zipper sticks a bit , and the stitching is n't perfect , but I 'm sure this will last quite a few years with nice treatment . It holds about 8 tampons and a wipe , plus it 's little ` know your flow ' cardboard chart.It 's fun , get it
 this is the coolest case ever ! the wording inside and on the tag are awesome , great gift .
 I bought this about a month ago , and it is absolutely perfect ! It helps me keep track , and it is so cute and little . I get so many compliments on it !
 I love this bag and gave one to all my girlfriends ! It wo n't destroy your tampons the way leaving them aimlessly floating around in your purse always does . It is compact and comes with the handiest little calendar to let me keep things on track .
 This is really a fun item . It 's saucy & cute , and even practical . The graphics & colors are very well done . The fabric is a thick rubbery type plastic , with a good quality zipper . Even the zipper tab has a funny saying on it . It 's got lots more graphics on the inside . It 's going in a gift bag & ca n't wait to see the look on my friend 's face when she opens it . It will illicit laughter for sure.The case is very well made & will hold a plenty of tampons . It 's not thick , so they 'd be in single file . Very glad I bought it - it 's unique & something she will pull out to show her other girlfriends ... look what I got !
 Finally my tampons wo n't be crushed at the bottom of my purse . Before I bought this case I would keep my tampons in a ziplock bag . Comes with a cute period chart : D
 People get a kick out of this clever product . I 've bought a few for gifts for my friends , always good for a laugh , and very practical - works great !
 Having use this product for years , it is a staple to have in my wellness cabinet when I feel I am coming down with some infection . Quick results and happy with Thorne quality products . Also like Thorne Uristatin for bladder related discomfort .
 Excellent value for money and has helped in a million ways.It looks great and has reduced the pain .
 no drag or any negs ... just pure joy and not just from the muscles freed up.now you can spin your head around completely lol , but you wo n't need tocause your just not that angry : -RRB-
 Thinking I had nothing to lose since I go through creams on a daily basis with my eczema on my legs , back , arms and feet , I paid the $ 9.99 for the Miracle of Aloe Miracle Rash Repair Cream.This is 36 % aloe which is to promote healing of skin damaged by psoriasis , dermatitis and itchy , red , scaly , dry skin . I think since it did not specifically mention eczema I should have been forewarned , but dermatitis is in the same family of skin conditions.I like that it is a large thick tube with a flip-top lid that can be applied to areas 3-4 times daily . The box mentioned dead sea salts , but not being familiar with this it made no difference in my purchasing decision . The fact that it contains no lanolin was to my benefit.The photos on the box show before an after with red marks on a leg and then it is clear . Since I have several products I use concurrently on my eczema I chose to focus on my legs and feet with the Miracle of Aloe Miracle Rash Repair Cream.Since I am sticking to wearing socks and sneakers this summer season I opted for applying the cream on my feet before putting on socks . This did help a great deal with no itching throughout the days I was out and about in my sneakers and also while working out at 24 Hour Fitness.This is another one of those products that I must avoid from placing into the palm of my hand . This stung my open sores where skin is resurfacing so bad that I had to quickly get it off the area . I try to remember to always place the cream on my feet and legs and use my fingertips to rub into the skin.The cream is white , smooth but not overly creamy , more oily , but absorbs into the skin very fast . This does not leave a sticky feeling on the skin , nor does it cause me to apply more to scratch off . There is a light scent that is pleasant . Once you get half way through the tube it is hard to grasp and push out the contents without effort . When you have cuts and sores on your hands it is like living with arthritis making opening and squirting impossible.I doubt I will pay another $ 9.99 for this Miracle of Aloe Miracle Rash Repair Cream . Then again a small tube of all the other over the counter products cost about $ 5-6 and are much smaller in size . I wish these items were available in tall slender tubes with a push down dispenser allowing us to get all the contents out with ease and less irritation .
 I 've continually had a problem with red itchy white flake skin rashes on my knees and on my left pointer finger . My wife picked this product up in my quest of trying to get this cleared up.I 've lived with this problem over the years with different doctors prescribing or giving free samples of various cremes . This is the first product that has made a dramatic improvement in the rashes appearance!If your skin is scratched till it bleeds then this product will sting for a few seconds , but the pain quickly dissipates and the desire to itch it goes away for several hours . I 've been putting it on 3 times a day and it seems to be doing the trick . I hope if you 're suffering from itchy scaly skin that it works well for you too . The dead sea salt and pure aloe seem to be key ingredients , but then my wife points out the salicylic acid -LRB- 1.8 % -RRB- is probably the key medical ingredient .
 I get a nickle rash from the snaps on jeans , usally I can only get rid of it with a prescription cream , but this product takes care of it , without a trip to the doctor . JUST LOVE IT !
 Having used these products in the past , I am convinced they are of the highest quality . I highly recommend them to everyone .
 Miracle Rash Repair is one of the best over the counter healing agent for dry skin and other skin irritations I have ever used . How ever the price has doubled since my last purchase . The first tube I bought was approx . six dollars the last tube almost twelve dollars . The prescription salve I used was more effective but it was a steroid . I would recommend trying Miracle Rash Repair for skin problems It has worked for me .
 Used it one night on a dry skin rash where I had tried several other lotions for months with NO results . I noticed as I put it on the next night the rash was completely smooth and not bumpy as it had been before . The third night nearly all of the redness was gone . I will keep this stuff in the nightstand from here on out .
 My husband has been using this cream for many years . Just recently we are unable to find this product in our local stores . When I found it online , he was excited .
 This product helps my rosacea . I use it in conjunction with MetroGel which my doctor prescribes . Neither product works that well by itself , but together they have mostly eliminated the symptoms of rosacea around my nose and upper cheeks . I will order this product again and again .
 i bought this for my dad , he swears by the stuff . i guess that it works well
 I have had a wonderful experience with this mattress that I bought a couple of years ago , and I am about to make a second purchase because I loved it so much , and I happen to be in need of another King size bed . I was very pleased with the company 's delivery and packaging of the mattress . As well , I always have good experiences when dealing through Amazon . The company itself I did not have to personally deal with , as everything went so smooth and the bed is almost 3 years old now , and is holding up very well , just like new !
 This product was prescribed for me by my dr. specifically from this company . I feel is has helped my blood pressure as a natural herb for and decreases the other meds I would take .
 Great item for the price . Has a lot of foods listed and allows you to enter your own.The only thing I had problems with was the ON/OFF button . Sometimes it got stuck .
 The first table pad we bought for our newborn started to tear in just a couple of weeks of use . So glad I splurged on this and was surprised to find no reviews . At 9 months of age , our baby is now super squirmy - always trying to spin - and this changer feels safer as it deeper and heavier than the one we had before . Its soft vinyl and it does n't need a cover , which I would n't be able to use anyway given how often I have to wipe something up . I like how easy it is to wipe clean .
 I have owned several diaper changing pads . This one is by far the most durable . I have had it in my home daycare for 2 years and not a tear or rip . The only bad I would say about it is it came with an attached handle so u can carry it anywhere ... well it tore the first day but I was n't gon na use that anyway . it stays in the same place all the time
 This was a great gift for my Mom and Dad , They are sometimes hard to buy for . I think they really liked the bracelets because they wear them everyday . .
 Good Product , does what we bought it for . I have nothing else to say but it is required that I have more words .
 i take this supplement at least once a day . i had alot of urinary problems , so i needed a pill to take daily . great product , fast shipping
 Great product from a great brand . These are the only full-spectrum vitamin e capsules I can find that are free of all allergens . Most vitamin E caps contain only the d-alpha tocopherol isomer or a complex with d-beta , d-delta , and d-gamma tocopherols . MSM Complete-E contains all the tocopherols plus alpha - , beta - , gamma , and delta-tocotrienols , as they occur in nature and which are normally missing in supplements . A balance is needed as tocotrienols serve very specific purposes for cholesterol reduction , brain and heart health , and cancer prevention . I was getting them from Whole Foods and for some reason they stopped carrying them , so hopefully Amazon will continue to make them available .
 I have noticed a difference in weight after 3 days of using . Very impressive , and whatmore , it works like it says .
 I have had one of these TheraBeads Microwaveable Collar Moist Heat Wraps for several years . Let me be adamant . It does not wear out ! However , it does get dirty after years of use , dirty enough to gross out people who see it . It can not be washed . What then?Go to Amazon where you can truly find just about anything . I cheered when I found it and promptly ordered it . When it came in , I threw out the dirty one.Now here is what you need to know :1 . It is shown around the girl 's neck -- a truly perfect place for tension headaches . Ease the pain in the neck and the headache diminishes or disappears ! 2 . For Restless Leg Syndrome , wrap it around your calves -LRB- one at a time -RRB- for the heat to ease that wild inclination to kick .3 . For Fibromyalgia , place on or under or around the painful areas and feel the pain lessen . I fold mine in three parts and place underneath the area between my shoulder blades . Wow , what relief for that always painful area!Small of the back , top of shoulder , around elbow , place under feet , on abdomen for cramps -- wherever it hurts.Therabeads Microwaveable Collar Moist Heat Wrap
 A pharmacist recommended this flu medicine to me 15 years age . It has become a staple in our ever since . Works Great !
 No problem with receiving item on time . No issues with seller or item . Would purcase again from seller . Zippo in original condition with sticker still in original place on the back . Included all documentation that is typical in buying a Zippo in a physical store .
 Bought this as a birthday gift and it looks nice . It has a shiny finish which you have to be careful with if you want to avoid fingerprints .
 I couldnt be happier with my purchase . The lighter is beautifully made , got here on time , and the cost was cheaper than anywhere else . I will for surely be a return customer
 For 3 summers in a row , I worked as a camp counselor at a Girl Scout camp in East Texas . Kids would arrive each week by the busload . First , each child would be assigned to a cabin and a counselor and they would drop off their luggage and the next trip before luggage was opened or butts touched cots was to march to the Health Lodge for a lice check . We had to use a tongue-depressor while wearing rubber gloves to go through their hair , looking for nits -LRB- lice eggs -RRB- . With over 300 girls arriving each week , at least every other week or so , we 'd find a camper that had a nit or two - but due to the location , we could tell that it was an infestation that had already been battled and won - but just a few nits were overlooked . The tell-tale sign was tons ` o ' nits - especially near the scalp at the base of the hair.About once or twice a summer we 'd encounter some poor kid that had a third-world country infestation - nothing but nits ... kinda like `` nothing but net '' - but well , so much for humor.We 'd try contacting the parents , but usually they were already incognito and we had to treat the kids ourselves - always with Nix brand lice treatment and everytime , it worked . Nix kills the lice , but does n't always kill the eggs - and the eggs are cemented onto the hair , so you have to use the nit comb to remove them . This one poor girl had hair like Louis XVI and we were up all night combing the kid 's hair with the nit combs and bleaching her clothes and luggage . You 've got ta use elbow grease to get out the nits - they 're attached with a natural form of super glue , basically.Before they could sleep in the cabin with the other kids , they slept in the infirmary for 3 days as they were checked again - never a reinfestation , nor did any other kid -LRB- or counselor -RRB- get lice after a treatment with Nix .
 Head lice seem to be epidemic at my kids ' school and I 've had to use this product twice . The first time , all 3 of my kids had lice . 2 of them had MAJOR cases of it . I used Nix on them and then combed through with the plastic comb that came with the product . Basically , the plastic comb sucks . Throw it out and get a GOOD metal one . I used the Lice Meister , which Amazon does n't sell . They do sell some other metal ones : Nit Free Terminator Lice Comb , Professional Stainless Steel Louse and Nit Comb for Head Lice Treatment , Removes NitsLiceGuard Professional Egg & Lice Comb - 1 Ea I 've never used them though so do n't know if they are good or not.I then nit picked every day with the Lice Meister and did find a few baby lice that lived through the treatment -LRB- Nix is supposed to kill all eggs but apparently it did n't -RRB- . But I never saw any live lice after day 7 so I did not do a second treatment.The second time , just one of my kids had lice and a pretty mild case . I got more Nix and used it and then nit picked every day . I found one louse during the first comb through and never saw anymore after that , Nix must have killed all the eggs.The bottom line is this does work but do n't expect that it will work on it 's own . You still need to comb , comb , and comb some more ! Comb every day for the first week . Do n't use more Nix unless you see live lice after day 7 . Then comb every other day for the second week and maybe twice a week the third week . Then be sure to keep checking your kids once a week or twice a month for lice . Take it from someone who has been through it , it is MUCH easier to deal with a case that has been caught early .
 When it comes to head lice & infestation , Nix corners the market . Works exactly as advertized , provided you follow the instructions & repeat after about a week . A no-brainer .
 Runs small so go up a size . It fits well under jeans / pants & good knee support . No big brace bulge . Did not cause rash / allergy reaction like neoprene products do .
 After eleven knee surgeries I did it again ! This time I tore my meniscus and got this brace for support until surgery . Great support and breaths very well . Sitting in the sun all Memorial Day weekend at my kid 's soccer tournament with no sweat under the brace whatsoever . The only issue I have is that it does tend to slip down a little and needs to be pulled up every now and then . I would n't recommend it if you have major instability but for my purposes it is lightweight , comfortable , supportive and well priced . Definitely the best brace of all those I 've ever used over the years . An excellent value .
 This is a very good quality light weight brace that provides good steel spring side support to the knee while keeping the knee cap in place and maintaining front and back flexibility . It is better than those custom knee braces which cost several hundred dollars and are so heavy - almost unwearable . Slip resistent inner lining is very nice and straps can be tightened to your personal comfort level . And the brace is washable.Definitely worth a try before you go for those several hundred dollar custom braces . This brace can be used by people with chondromalacia patella , ligament and meniscus injuries and some with painful knee implants .
 I have been using two of these braces for the last two years . Prior to using these braces , I had resorted to using neoprene style braces from one of the big box sporting good stores . I always found the neoprene braces uncomfortable , smelly , and too damn big . I am a runner , cyclist and skier with a meniscus tear on each knee . I love this product . It is light , comfortable , easy to put on , and easy to remove . The fabric is very comfortable , and they are surprisingly supportive . I will buy new replacements soon.The price is great too ! Make sure you get the correct size . MEASURE do n't guess !
 Bought this brace to where when I referee soccer games . Wore it this past Saturday and did n't even realize I had it on ! It is lightweight and provides great support .
 Finally I have found a lightweight knee brace that offers a lot of support . The only &#34; ding &#34; against this product is it does n't wash well in the machine . A hand wash and dry is a much better option . Still a great brace ...
 Have found this brace to be very good for my prosthetic knee . Inclined to slip down after a while but have not found one that does not . Prompt service from Amazon and quick delivery . A shame that other products seem to be off limits to Australia as would purchase more if not the case .
 I 've been having knee issues for about ten years now and I 've tried several knee brace but none of them seem to help . The mueller hg80 is easily the best knee brace by far , I 'm at the point now where I feel absolutely no pain in my knee .
 Have minor osteoarthritis in my left knee . It gets xlightly swollen when using my elliptical machine . The Mueller brace seems to give a lot of support . Works much better than the $ 10 brace that I bought in the grocery store . No knee pains now , no joint swelling .
 I am in my 60 's I run and ride bike and stay active . I have had 2 knee operations . I get a little pain when running abd cycling . This brace is comfortable , it breaths so my leg does not itch and sweat . It has good lateral support . not great but I dont need great . This brace is the best I have ever found
 Nice and very useful product . Best quality . It 's easy playing volleyball now . I recommend it to everyone that need knee support .
 I am impressed with knee brace . Very comfortable and my range of motion is great . Also , there is less pain when I take it off . I should have purchased a large instead of an extra large . Still effective .
 I recently bought one of these for my karate class and it works well . I am a large man 6 ' 2 '' 355lb and it fits well . It is a little snug when I first put it on but as it warms up it fits better . The only problem I have is the spring rods on the outside of the leg digs into my calf . This I think will be less noticeable in time kind of like a new shoe hitting you in a diff different spot in the heal . But over all top notch brace .
 This is a great knee brace for anyone that is active in sports after having ACL and Meniscus surgery ! My son loves it !
 I suffered from weak and painful knees . This brace is just amazing . Its material is soft and yet it provides excellent support . This brace is going to enable me to do things I could n't do before . Thank you Mueller for such a great brace ! Higly recommended .
 This knee brace is not only comfortable , it has support , and is not `` rubber '' . Lightweight woven knit that ` breathes ' . Awesome ! My knee does not hurt when I wear it .
 As promised , 100 Condoms , with a bit of variety . Half Durex -LRB- of 4 different styles -RRB- , a quarter Crown , and the rest split between Elexas -LRB- by Trojan -RRB- , Lifestyles Warming Pleasure , and Kimono MicroThins . I might have liked a wider selection , but I ca n't really complain . Only thing that kept this below 5 stars was that four condoms expire in only six months , and another six condoms expire in less than a year . It 's not a problem using them before then , but a longer lifespan would be preferred . The other 40 are good for at least four years .
 Nice selection of various Durex varieties , some Crown , Elexa , Lifestyles , and a couple of Kimono . Delivery was very quick ... would definitely order from this company again .
 I got 99 condoms -LRB- one missing is no big deal -RRB- ; but , they were all Durex , is alright thought , the Durex came in good Variety , and for 20 or so bucks is still a good deal.Condoms I got -LRB- all Durex -RRB- ... `` Extra Sensitive '' 25 Condoms `` Intense sensation '' 24 Condoms `` Maximum Love '' 26 Condoms `` Performax '' 24 CondomsThe condoms are no wear near expiration date -LRB- Earliest expiration dated is `` 2013 - 06 '' . -RRB- It came VERY discreetly to my mailbox and fast too.I did n't give a full 5 because I WAS promised other brands beside just Durex , and that one missing condom is just human error w/e .
 At first I thought this variety pack will be filled with boring trojan condoms of all sorts . instead there were 4 different Japanese kinds of condoms which are known for been the thinest of all condoms . Love it !!!
 I know this is a random selection , but it seems like I got a disproportionate amount of the colors and textures , and not very many of the standard condoms . I 'm interested to try &#34; extra lubricated &#34; , but in my mind that 's just probably extra-gross . Wish me luck !
 On time delivery . All condoms were there . None were expired . None are close to being expired . A variety of condoms including Durex , Lifestyles , Crown , and only a few Trojans.Although it was a good assortment of condoms it is in no way a pleasure pack .
 Got these for me , and then bought a set for a friend when I told them how good the price was
 As the title says this was a great deal , I received a plain box with a bag of 100 well diverse condomsLifestylesPleasure Shaped-10Pleasure Ribbed-10Sheer Pleasure-10Tuxedo Black-10Ultra Thin-10DurexRainbow color-10Non Lubricated-10Maximum Love-10Trojan ENZ-8Beyond Seven Studded-12I also got a 10 % off coupon for my next purchase . Yes it may not be 100 different types of but its still a good deal
 Lot of choices with this pack.Lots of pleasure-ribbed and lubricated brands with some flavor variants -LRB- banana , cherry , orange , etc -RRB- too.Definitely going to purchase again when I run out .
 This was my first purchase from CondomMan , and I can say that I 'll probably purchase from him in the future . My variety pack contained 104 condoms of five different brands and thirty varieties . I 'm definitely not complaining that I received a few extra ! Overall , I am pleased with the variety . That being said , my variety pack DID NOT contain Okamoto or Kimono brand as advertised , and was VERY skimpy on Trojan . All expiration dates were at least two years out . Most expire in 2014 with some expiring in 2015 . I would not recommend this variety pack for those that are not into flavored condoms , as this pack contained quite a few . Here 's a breakdown of what my variety pack contained :4 CautionWear-iron grip -LRB- silicone lubricant -RRB- 8 Durex-enhanced pleasure lube4 Durex-high sensation4 Durex-performax4 Durex-pleasure max4 Durex-extra sensitive4 Durex-her sensation4 Durex-maximum love4 Durex-Avanti BARE -LRB- polyisoprene , non-latex -RRB- 4 Durex-rainbow colors4 Durex-orange flavored2 Durex-apple flavored2 Durex-strawberry flavored2 Durex-banana flavored6 Lifestyles-pleasure shaped4 Lifestyles-ribbed pleasure4 Lifestyles-sheer pleasure4 Lifestyles-ultra thin4 Lifestyles-ultra sensitive4 Lifestyles-assorted colors4 Lifestyles-Tuxedo -LRB- black -RRB- 2 Lifestyles-SKYN -LRB- polyisoprene , non-latex -RRB- 2 Lifestyles-banana flavored2 Lifestyles-strawberry flavored2 Lifestyles-vanilla flavored4 ONE-super sensitive2 ONE-pleasure plus2 ONE-The Legend -LRB- larger -RRB- 2 ONE-glowing pleasures -LRB- glow in the dark -LRB- !!! -RRB- -RRB- 2 Trojan-ENZ -LRB- regular lubricated -RRB- 1 coupon for 10 % off on my next purchase from CondomMan !
 I have purchased from condomman probably two or three times already and I 'm just about ready for another batch . The variety is nice since I get to try a bunch of different brands without having to go out and buy individual packs . The price is nice too ! I have never had a problem with delivery .
 For $ 20 , this is n't a bad deal at all . My only con is that most of the condoms were of one brand -LRB- Durex -RRB- , with a few Trojans , and Crowns . A little disappointing , but still not enough of a hindrance .
 I actually counted the number of condoms they sent and it really was a hundred . All of the them re fine and they will not expire for a couple of years . It 's a bargain
 Yeey ! today I received my package.I received exactly 100 condoms , packaging was nice , I did n't check every single condom , but the expiraton year of those that I checked was 2015 . The only disadvantage is I did n't get any Okamoto condoms , most of them are Durex of four types -LRB- intense sensation , performax , enhanced pleasure lub and regular one -RRB- and about 20 % are LifeStyles of two types -LRB- extra lubricated and pleasure tipped -RRB- , but it 's OK , I like Durex , never had any accidents with them :-RRB- . I 'm giving four stars , as it is an amazing value - 100 condoms for $ 20 -LRB- shipping was free as there was an option to choose super saver delivery -RRB- . I 'm not giving the fifth star , because the variety is not as large as the description says . Personally I do n't care much , but if it says that Okamoto condoms will be in the pack , I think they should be there
 I received 100 condoms as expected.Distribution by brand : Durex -- 56 -LRB- Intense Sensation -LRB- 26 -RRB- + High Sensation -LRB- 20 -RRB- + Banana Flavored -LRB- 8 -RRB- + Apple Flavored -LRB- 2 -RRB- -RRB- Lifestyle -- 24 -LRB- all are Ultra Sensitive -RRB- Trojan -- 12Kimono -- 8 -LRB- all Textured -RRB- All of them had expiration dates from 2013 to 2015 -LRB- that is 2 to 4 years from now -RRB- . I rated as only 4 stars because of not a great variety .
 I received my package this afternoon and after reading the reviews here of people not getting the 100 promised and having almost expired condoms , I decided to count and check the expiration dates . The expiration dates are fine most expire in 2014 with some expiring in 2015 . But I did not receive the promised 100 . I only received 88 ! The variety is OKAY . I got 6 different kinds . All in all , I am happy with the purchase but who ever is responsible for packaging needs to make sure that whatever amount is promised is packaged .
 Although there is a fair selection to choose from , I was a little disappointed that , about 20 condoms had an expiration date in mid 2010 . By comparison , the others had expiration dates from 2012 to 2014 . I have a favorite and I do n't remember exactly why I purchased a variety pack at the time . Other than the issue I had , this is a decent product at a reasonable price .
 I think this is the 4th time I have ordered from CMan I love the Variety Pack . 60 % Durex -LRB- 4 or 5 types -RRB- 25 % Crown 10 % lifestyle 5 % Elexa and 2 kimono 's . Would have liked to have had a few more Kimono 's But Cant complain to much well worth the $ 20 . Will Buy again
 These are the greatest assortment of condoms I have ever come across . If i ever meet condom man i will give him a big kiss ... if you know what i mean . This great gathering of the greatest condoms in the world . . many colors shapes and sizes . . really a good deal for the whole family . I gave them out to my children . . just in case they came across a hotty with a body . Anyway im going on a tangent . These are a great assortment of condoms I have ever seen and I heart condom man .
 Hi , this was my first purchase at CMAN . I recieved exactly 100 condoms . It contained around 50 Durex , and rest in Kimono , Beyond Seven , Crown and some others . Its a real bargain and I recieved within 5 days.Good job .
 I 'll probably never make use of all of them in my lifetime , but , a bargain is a bargain and I could n't resist . My selection was pretty much Durex condoms and a couple of Japanese ones .
 1 . I only get 98 instead of 100.2 . 10 of them expires in 2007 , no lifestyle , no trojan . It seems I get different condoms from the previous reviewer . I did n't get crown but Fe + Male .3 . The price is good .
 I got more than 60 Durex and rest other products they mentioned . I got all 100 and its a good deal for 20 bucks ...
 the package has a good variety . The majority are quality durex and trojan of all sorts in my selection , although trojan are a bit tight.I have to say Kimono sucks . I got two of them , but wo n't use the second one after the first time experience . It is very dry , thin and tight . given the price , still a good deal .
 Shipping was extremely fast ! There were 100 condoms exactly within the package . Lots of good variety of stuff here . Mostly LifeStyles and Durex . Only four -LRB- the Kimonos -RRB- expires this year , and the rest have good two to four years before they go bad . This is an awesome deal !
 Good selection and a good price . I counted to be sure and I got 100 , just like they promised . Packed simply in a ziplock bag - way to save money and resources with basic packaging ! Very saatisfied.I ended up with12 Beyond Seven Aloe12 Beyond Seven lubricated12 Beyond Seven studded12 Crown lubricated12 Crown colors12 Trojan ENZ4 Lifestyles Ultra Lube4 Lifestyles Pleasure shape4 Lifestyles Ultra sensitive4 Durex purple4 Durex silver4 Durex blue4 Durex turquoise .
 I received it I a regular shipping box , inside is a ziplock like bag with 100 diffrent condoms inside . I counted to make sure and all 100 were in there and for this price it 's the best deal out there if you use them alot
 This is my 3rd purchase from CMan and I 'm quite happy . I received 100 condoms in a mixture of Durex , Lifestyle , Trojan , and Crown . There were about 7 or 8 different types which is a good enough combination for me .
 Hours and hours and hours of fun in a bag ! You can not go wrong with this purchase ! Kept both my wife and myself happy for hours and hours and hours ! ; -RRB-
 The package came just in time for Valentine Day and a large variety of brands included as well . We are making great use of them . No customs fee and in discreet packaging , truly recommend this seller for all Cdn buyers as well .
 Thank god we finally have vendors and sellers who are taking the embarassment out of buying something that we should all be buying . I just wanted to thank \ `` Kevin \ '' for answering my query so quickly . Not only did he have a wonderful sense of humor , but he also took care of my mistake immediatly ! I am thoroughly impressed by both your low prices AND your superior customer service ! Please pass this thank you along to Kevin if at all possible . Additionally , I believe that it would be helpful if your site had a feedback page where accolades could be posted . I feel confident when purchasing from an online retailer who has an open forum for positive feedback . Take care , Tammi
 Too bad I 'm a senior citizen . I would love to use these guys more frequently indifferent venues . Thank you for the lifetime supply.tm
 We have a special breed cat who requires extra Taurine . He was given to us and had not been used to the medicine but he does n't mind it at all and the other cat does n't either . We put it directly on the cat food .
 Used for a week-long retreat feeding at least 70 people a day -LRB- over 90 some days -RRB- and no problems at all . Many people liked the biodegradable feature . Sturdier than most plastic cutlery .
 These spoons are wonderful !! I need to send a spoon in my kids ' lunches every day . These are sturdy with a big spoon bowl . The are about the same size as a regular plastic spoon , but I feel less guilty when the kids throw them away because they will decompose . These were my test , I plan to buy the forks and knives as well !
 We took a chance on these Jaya Biodegradable -LRB- and compostable -RRB- Spoons based on the positive reviews and they more than meet my expectations . These are surprising good quality and hold up as well , or better , than disposable plastic spoons . We have used these for both hot -LRB- soup -RRB- and cold -LRB- milk in cereal -RRB- , with good results.Physically they look like most plastic spoons , with a nice wide surface and `` ribbing '' underneath the handle for strength . The only odd thing about these is the `` starchy '' smell when opening the packaging , but it does not impart any flavor into foods.I also like that these are better for the environment than regular plastic spoons since they will breakdown over time.Highly Recommended ! We also likeJaya Biodegradable Fork , 1000-Count CaseCFH
 Make no mistake , these spoons are the best . I used to purchase those plastic spoons which are prohibitively expensive and are an annoyance to use . These spoons are not only biodegradable but are flexible and do not break . They are just perfect !
 But what spoon is ? Rounded size , holds good volume , may bend but it wont brake , bend it back the way it was and away you go . I have not used the fork or the knife but in my opinion of the spoon it should replace all disposable spoons everywhere .
 I do not propose to recommend anything about your pet 's welfare but I will say after a few days of use-My dog stopped going as frequently or as urgently . If she has to hold herself because we are gone and I see any symptoms appear I give her a dose . Been good for us .
 Very good cheap product for packing away for vacation or home use . Works fine , and I like the battery option , as I hate to have to remember to recharge before using . Should you have problems , the Customer Service is OUTSTANDING !
 After typing the title for this `` review , '' I realized I had pretty much said it all . Its use does n't require any instruction
 These little tablets work very well in my dishwasher . They are individually wrapped and free in the box . To use , you tear open the packet and drop it in the soap dispenser - one tablet per load . So , this box will do twenty loads of dishes.They work about as well as any detergent - better with hotter water and a rising agent . All together I am pleased with this product .
 Thse Finish Powerballs do a good job cleaning dishes , but my one compaint ... they come packaged in individual tiny plastic wrappers which makes them a hassle to open and does n't seem particularly environmentally friendly .
 I can still remember the first time I tried an unscented Finish powerball tablet . To determine how well it really works , I put a day to two-day old really dirty pots , pans , dishes , silverwares , and glasswares to the dishwater unrinsed . When I took them out , I inspected every single item , and they were all very clean , free of any food residue . The `` orange '' scent in this product does not really smell `` orange-y '' but it does give the product a very mild hint of a `` detergent '' smell . Aside from that , the product works just as well as the unscented tablets , and you can see the power of these tablets in the fine results they produce !!
 I love Finish brand dishwasher tabs and use the Subscribe and Save Program through Amazon to purchase the original , unscented , Finsh Powerball tabs on a regular , scheduled basis . I gave the orange scent a try and they do the same , awesome , spotless job cleaning my dishes as the regular , unscented dishwasher tabs . They do have a really nice orange scent when you take them out of the package and place it up to your nose , but you will never smell the orange scent again once you close the dishwasher and run the cycle . The dishwasher does not smell like oranges when the dishes are clean , nor do the dishes . I really do n't see the point of adding a scent to this product because you never smell it unless you actually hold the tab up and take a whiff -LRB- who does that anyway ? -RRB- and they are individually wrapped in plastic , so you can not even smell the product until it is time to use it . I can understand scented hand soap and scented dish washing soap that you use to hand wash the dishes , but you never enjoy the scent in this automatic dishwasher tab . These tabs look exactly like the original tabs . I gave this product 5 stars because it is an excellent cleaning product and I have never once had a problem with spots or food left on my dishes after using this product . I did not take away any stars due to there being no point in having a scent , but if there is a price difference between the original and the orange scent when you are deciding on which ones to purchase , do n't waste your money because it does n't matter whether they are scented or not .
 This is my detergent of choice for my Bosch dishwasher . They leave the dishes wonderfully clean without any spots or streaks at all . The smell is pleasant and undetectable to me after the cycle and I do n't know why it would bother anyone . I have a Bosch dishwasher that ordinarily requires a separate rinse agent with regular Finish detergent and this Powerball does it all without the need for that extra rinse , which I found to be expensive and a pain as it would run out and I would have to refill all the time . I only buy Finish Powerballs now because they work perfectly . And you can get them in bulkier sizes on Amazon that are more cost effective than at the store . I have added them to my subscribe and save . Highly recommend .
 I have been using this product in my dishwasher for awhile now and with no additional products , such as extra powder or separate extra jet dry . The products fits nicely into one of the two sections available for washing products . They are wrapped individually , but are easy to unwrap and drop right into the approrpriate dishwasher tray without touching the product and I have never lost or dropped the ball anywhere but the proper place in the dishwasher . To me they do n't smell bad , do n't particularly smell orange , they just smell like dishwashing cleaner and actually barely have an odor all on the dishwasher begins to receive the water.My dishes come out completely clean without residue , water spots , or film . My dishwasher is not the top of the line as dishwashers go , it is reliable , with no bells or whistles , really just the bare minimum necessary to qualify as a ` dishwasher ' actually . Still , having used other products previously , I know that sparking clean dishes can be achieved by using top-notch cleaning products - and this product , even in my plain , ordinary dishwasher is top-notch all the way.At one time I purchased this product in a ` tin ' . If there is anything I think could be improved it would be selling them in a tin instead of a box ; but that is not a deal breaker when I consider how well my ironstone , crystal , stainless , and silverware , as well as my stick-free pots and pans , look after washing them in Finish Powerball Tablets with Orange Scents . I highly recommend this product .
 Receiving this product and then reviewing it for the VINE program was easy for me . I was already a happy Finish powerball user . I really do love this product . It takes dishes that even have dried on food or have been sitting out for a while and the food is really crusted onto the dishes , and gets them C-L-E-A-N ... Everything from my nice glassware down to my pots and pans , get very clean . No streaking at all.The best part is how easy this product is to use.Just use one two colored -LRB- blue and white -RRB- tablet and put it into your dishwasher dispenser and out come your clean dishes . This is a recommend to buy this product . I think you too will be a satisfied customer .
 To test this product , I allowed my teenage son to run the dishwasher during his week to wash dishes . I was impressed with how well the product worked . My glasses came out without streaks . But when I asked my son what he thought about it it , he exclaimed , `` Oh , wow . The dishes were shining . It was like the commercial . '' Nothing speaks to the quality of a dishwashing product like an impressed teenage boy .
 I had better success with these convenient FINISH powerball tabs than with the Cascade product enclosed in the plastic casing which I tried before this . Cascade 's plastic pouches leave a filmy-residue on my dishes , but the FINISH powerball tabs dissolve completely . I will continue to buy them because they also clean great ! Five Stars !
 As you can see in my pictures these are very small -LRB- 1 and 3/8 inches by 1 inch -RRB- but they work as well as any other dishwasher detergent I have used . One huge benefit is that they do n't impart a chemically smell when the dishes come out of the washer . While it is supposed to be `` orange scented '' they do n't really smell orange , just clean . I picked up some `` fresh scent '' ones and will review them at a later date . I have noticed a reduction of water spots on glass and plastic -LRB- although the dishwasher adds additional Jet Dry -RRB- . Another benefit is that each tablet is individually packaged so you do n't need to lift a large box of detergent , and if you rip the package down the middle you can pop it into the washer without touching it.I have an older dishwasher and although it has two cups , one for a pre-wash and one for the main wash , you only add one of these into the main wash cup . I sometimes add a little left over powdered detergent to the prewash cups when I have heavily soiled dishes but it probably is n't even necessary.These things really work !
 -LSB- Good -RSB- I was really worried about this smelling like urine as a highly rated reviewer described , but it smells fine . On a side note , I did n't think it smelled like oranges either , nor did it smell like tang . It just smelled like dish washer detergent.You know exactly how many dishwasher cleanings you have left with these tablets unlike a liquid cleaner or box of powdered cleaner where you have to guess as the bottle or box gets lighter and lighter.Strong cleaner
 I 'm pretty picky when it comes to what I like to use to get my dishes clean in the dishwasher . I 've been through my fair share and have yet to come across one as great as the Finish Powerball Tablets . These tablets have done a wonderful job to getting my dishes sparkling clean without leaving spots or any undesired residue or food build up behind!I 've baked meatloaf and birthday cake just this last week and decided to see if these PowerBall Tabs could do the job it claimed . And to my surprise each pan came out looking as good as new ! The powerful cleaners have also done a great job in removing tea and coffee stains from my favorite mugs ! Our wine glasses have also come out spotless with no cloudy film that often is left behind when running them through the wash!Each of the Powerballs are individually wrapped which makes for easy storage and the wrapper keeps the appearance hidden from children that might think they were candy or something . To use you simply open them , throw away the wrapper , place the tablet inside the Main Dishwasher Detergent Dispenser And Close.The tablets are safe to use on china as well as glassware . The scent is very light and not overpowering in the least bit . I appreciate that because who really wants to drink out of a cup or eat off a plate that smells like a cleaner ? Not me . Overall , I 'm very happy with the product and would highly recommend it to other looking for a optimal way to clean their dishes in the wash . Great for everyday and even better for those busy baking days when everything seems to be caked on with something you would rather not soak for hours and scrub later !
 There is only one problem I have had with them , which is that sometimes they do n't get dispensed . But I have had similar problems with powders and liquids and it happens much less frequently with these . The dishes come out clean , the product is incredibly easy to use -LRB- does n't require multiple steps or products -RRB- , and the dishes do not have spots . The scent is more or less irrelevant unless you find it offensive in some way .
 Finish Powerball Tablets are a great product for people that want an easier way to do the dishes without the gel or waste that comes with plastic containers . Featuring a fresh orange scent , these tablet really do the trick !! Easy to use and I ca n't remember my dishes ever looking so clean !! ***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I loaded my dishwasher to maximum load with caked-on , burned , crusted dishes . They had been left for a couple of days because I was out of dishwasher detergent . I was pleased to open up the dishwasher and find that the dishes and pots & pans were all clean and shiny . I did n't notice any orange scent , but everything looked and smelled clean . Finish products never disappoint me , but I put these Powerball tablets to my toughest test , and I 'm very pleased with the results . I just ordered more .
 These dishwashing tablets clean your dishes very well , do not leave spots , and have a nice fresh orangey scent . They also dissolve well in the dishwasher -- no clumps are left behind . I would gladly recommend this product .
 still get stuck on food and spots but i guess it could be due to lack of hot hot water .
 Finish Powerball Tablets are easy to use , pre-measured capsule/cubes that fit into your detergent dispenser . No more spilled powder , wasting detergent . Dishes are cleaner than other powders and liquids I 've tried , and also spot-free , thanks to the built in rinsing agent . The orange scent is pleasing without being overpowering .
 Simple and easy to use tablets . Clean line a dream ! Do n't smell much citrus here . Get 's rid of tea stains , etc , that other products have more difficulty with . Recommended !
 This stuff is great . It will get anything clean . I ordered it to go with my new Bosch dishwasher and put in pans that had 3 day old , baked on junk left over from making a scratch cake to which I had added , fruit , nuts and sunflowers seeds . The dirt and grime slid of the pots and pans as easily as it did off the glasses . The glasses , even in Arizona hard water , came out nice and clean.Here is how the box says they work
 I love this product because it gets my dishes sparkling clean with no streaks , spots , or stains . And I do n't have to worry about pre-washing my dishes or loading them in any special way because Electrasol does all the work for me . And pairing Electrasol with Jet-Dry was a stroke of genius because you wo n't have to waste time adding this -LRB- can you tell I hate to spend time in the kitchen cleaning . -RRB- With the powerful action of Jet-Dry your dishes will be shining spick-and-span clean . I also like the limited edition Jetsons tin it comes in because this is really cute and it can be used to hold other things once your Electrasol is gone . I really do prefer the power balls over the jell balls because the jell balls tend to sick -LRB- which can be rather messy when you try to separate them . -RRB- The power balls are each wrapped separately in plastic which is very simple to open . Your dishwasher is hungry for Electrasol , so why do n't you give it what it wants ?
 cant say nothing bad about it , been using them since i got my new stainless steel , auto load dishwasher , 3000.00 for the washer .
 first off , i hate cleaning dishes so i use my dishwasher A LOT . i do rinse off my dishes before putting them in for wash so i do n't really have any issues with `` stuck-on '' foods.these tablets do a decent job , just like any other tablets i 've used . however , these are individually packaged in a small plastic wraps . they are not the type with disintegrating packaging . i 'm an extremely lazy person so having to rip the plastic and then walk all the way to the garbage can , wait for the motion sensor of the garbage can to detect me and open the lid , just to discard the wrapping , becomes very tedious . if you do n't doing all that work , dishes and glasses come out stain-free and clean.overall , i 'm very satisfied with this product . i 'd give 4.5 stars if i could .
 I love Finish powerball tablets . They definitely leave my dishes clean , shiny , and spot free . The orange scent is nice as well . But of course the most important thing is how it cleans . I have no complaints , and will continue to buy this dishwasher detergent .
 Used it and it works well , doesnt leave a nasty smell , buildup on anything and doesnt do anything weird in your dishwasher . I do not like heavy smelling cleaners and this isnt heavy smelling . It cleans and works just like it says it will . I will continue using these in the future as well . Sometimes I needed to put more then one tablet in the washer to get the dishes clean and you only need one of these !
 Yes , this is a Vine review , but it was a no-brainer for me to pick this product to receive in exchange for a review , since I 've been using it for years already . I like this product . I particularly like this orange-scent version , as it just smells better and `` cleaner '' to me than the regular scent . It gets my dishes nice and clean , even with hard city water , though like all the detergents that had the phosphates taken out a couple of years ago , it does n't work as well as it used to . I 've been supplementing my loads that contain aluminum cookware -LRB- which turns dusty black with the new non-phosphate detergents -RRB- using Finish 's Glass Magic to replace the phosphates , and with the additive it 's nearly as good as it used to be . Unfortunately , the Glass Magic has been discontinued , and I only have 1.5 boxes left , so I 'm hoarding.Anyway , I still find that this detergent alone is better than other things I 've tried . I compared this recently toFinish Quantum Dishwasher Detergent with Baking Soda , 25-Count , but I still find myself reaching for the Powerball Tablets first , unless it 's going to be an easy load for the dishwasher , because the Powerball Tablets seem to clean just a little bit better and more reliably , plus I do n't have to worry about any stray water in the detergent cup with this product . The little foil packets are easy to open and use to drop in the tablet without touching it . I occasionally have to chase a loose powerball and put it back in the cup , but not often .
 I do n't know if the `` powerball '' action is just fancy marketing , but it does n't really matter
 I have been buying a brand of unscented dishwasher detergent here on Amazon because the top-rated brand leaves my silicone spatulas , plasticware and nonstick pans with a perfumey aftertaste . This `` green ' brand is not quite as effective at cleaning said silicone spatulas -LRB- I use them to make scrambled eggs and cheese , so ... -RRB- or plasticware and fails to remove traces of lip balm on glasses sometimes . This Finish product works great on all these and does n't leave any scent behind ! Yay!Your mileage may vary , but we have moderately soft water here . Good stuff !
 Finish is the only cleaner recommended by the manufacturer of our dish washer . That made choosing this version of Finish a piece of cake . The orange scent and cleaning power makes Finish even better than ever . This is a simple choice . If you want your dishes to be cleaner than ever before , and you want that citrus splash , add this product to your list ! You will not be sorry !
 Having been a devoted user of another competing product since I learned to cook several years ago , I was satisfied , but willing to try this product when the opportunity came along . Even so , how much better could it be ? Sure it has a pretty box , pretty wrappers for each `` dishwasher treat '' -LRB- as I call them -RRB- , and a red bead about the size of a marble that , if nothing else , gives the marketing/advertising department something new to crow about.Trial # 1 was just a normal load of dishes . Everything came out really clean , with no residue on the dishes . So far , so good ... Trial # 2 I decided to test their `` baked on lasagna '' claim . I put in a lasagna pan that had not been pre-rinsed or pre-scrubbed and put it in the bottom rack , upside down with a pretty significant lasagna spot on the bottom . Just to be reasonable , I used the Pots and Pans setting on my dishwasher . I threw in an unrinsed pot that was used for mashed potatoes as well , just for variety . Once again , everything came out as clean as it ever was and no residue . OK , I 'm impressed ... If you 're environmentally minded , you might object to the disposable box and the individual wrapping on every biscuit -LRB- that you have to remove , unlike some products -RRB- , but that 's really reaching for something to complain about . This stuff works very well and lives up to its promises . It leaves the competitor in the dust , and I ca n't imagine what another product could do to surpass it . Highly recommended .
 I love this product , and the fact that you get so many here for such a great price is amazing .
 We 've used all the different dish washer products , and we always come back to Finish . I have no idea why , but it works better for us than anything else . Easy to use , just unwrap the capsule and put it in , and you 're done . It smells great , and works great . Nothing else to say .
 These tabs are super convenient when it comes to the dishwasher - you have a pre-measured amount of soap every single time . I have always used powdered soap in the past , and anyone who has ever used it knows that it 's easy to add too much or not enough . These tabs definitely help with consistency . As for cleaning , they work very well - my dishes come out clean and have no residue.The only downside is that each tab is individually wrapped . I 'm guessing that they would react with humidity , so the packaging is to keep the potency at their max . The wrapping is easy enough to remove , but it 's a minor inconvenience . If you are environmentally concerned , the individual packaging would probably not make you happy either!Overall , dishwasher soap in the form of powder is probably a little less expensive overall , but the convenience of these tabs definitely makes them nice to use !
 I LOVE Finish Dish soap , particularly the tablets and gels . I have used another brand and found that my dishes did not get as clean as they do with Finish . These were on subscribe and save . Great price for a product that I would recommend .
 I bought these because Consumer Reports rated them very highly recently and I have very hard water and usually feel like I have to pretty much wash everything off of dishes by hand and just let the dishwasher finish them . With these I really started experimenting with leaving more food on the dishes and not rinsing , and it does a great job with a lot more &#34; dirt &#34; than other detergents I 've tried . Some soaking of real bad casserole dishes still seems prudent , but it is a big step up .
 I got a sample of these in a mailing one day , and could not believe how well they worked . I love the orange scent in stead of the traditional lemon one . Much nicer on the noise , and works great have not notice any buildup or spots on the glasses
 I have been using powerballs for years , they are absolutely awesome at cleaning dishes - just throw one in the washer and the dishes come out sparkling clean , silverware is shiny , and there are no food scraps on dishes , no haze/fogging on glasses .
 I have been using these and the Quantum tablets made by the same company , and to be honest I do n't notice much of a difference . These tablets here have a higher chance of an incomplete dissolving occurrence than the Quantums , but they also cost less . They always get my dishes much cleaner than traditional dish detergent . By not allowing food to cement on dishes and arranging them so the dishwasher spray can reach the surfaces , I have not had many issues of having to rewash a dish . The scent is n't overpowering , and I am glad because who would want scented dishes ? They do have trouble dealing with my extremely hard water , 18gpg , but I would expect it to handle that much hardness in the water . Differentially worth trying this product to compare to your current brand , and I bet you will like these ones more . Quantum is slightly better , but also slightly more expensive .
 Ive been gettting these through Subscribe and Save for a while . Does a great job cleaning the dishes . Couple it with Finish drying agent and you are in great shape . My only complaint is that the red ball falls out of the other piece more than it stays in so you have to be careful handling them or you will be chasing it around your kitchen .
 I have tried several types of dishwasher soap and Finish products are the only ones that clean my dishes and do n't leave spots or a film . I would n't bother using any other kind !!
 Havent had any issues with this so far and dishes come out nice and clean . The balls are convenient and mess free . No having to measure or pour powder into washer compartment . So far , so good .
 I love this stuff . It cleans my dishes and leaves them spot free . I switched to Cascade for a while and it was terrible . Left a horrible residue . Finish Powerball does this trick every time ! Very happy with purchase .
 Quantum Finish makes great dishwasher detergent tabs . I 've been using them for a long time and while I 've found other brands that work as well -LRB- e.g. Miele -RRB- , Quantum Finish costs less every time . There are few differences between these orange-scented ones and the regulars . Personally , I could n't detect an orange scent at all but I do prefer the original Quantum Finish tabs because of how they 're packaged . These come in individually wrapped packets in a box . Many of them shipped to me already broken . While not the end of the world , the old packaging had two advantages
 Much better than the messy gel type products.For some reason the system requires 12 more words , why when I have clearly stated the obvious .
 This is a good value for a great product I do n't have to worry about running out its always there
 I knew i was gon na love this I ordered a sample awhile back and I just had to have more this clean my dishes with a nice orangey scent .
 Finish has long been my favorite means to provide detergent to the dishwasher . Gets the tough gunk off , leaves no residue , and the dishes are clean without smelling all perfumey . And the price is right . It 's that simple .
 I am gon na go right out there and say it ... we are an Indian household and some of our food stains can be extremely tough to wash off of plates , pots , pans , etc. . . We need some heavy duty stuff that cleans , deodorizes the dishwasher , and leaves a shiny clean feeling ... . These work.We use one powerball for the heaviest of loads and have yet to find one dish left dirty ... Our dishwasher tub is stainless steel , and even that looks a bit shinier after using these for a bit over a week.Simple , effective , and excellent product . Try them and you wont be disappointed . They are going to become a regular item in our household .5 / 5
 I usually use either Finish Quantum tabs or Ecover tablets . I tried these , worrying about the scent ... who wants orange-smelling dishes ? I really do n't want my dishes to smell nor do I want my dishwasher to act like an air freshener in the kitchen . Thankfully the mild `` orange Tang '' scent does n't escape from the machine and does n't scent the dishes ... which makes me ask - why any scent at all?On to performance ... excellent . Tackled dried on food -LRB- scraped not rinsed -RRB- well . Most detergents do a good job of that now.Finally , the wrapper ... Finish Quantum tabs have a wrapper that dissolves in the wash ... so no taking the wrapper off . I much prefer that system ! But I think these are much less expensive than the Quantum tabs and these do an excellent job.Hope this helps !
 I really believe that Finish makes the best dishwasher detergent on the market . It always does the best job removing stuck and burned on gross stuff from my pots and pans , and it cleans the rest of the dishes really well too . The only bad thing I could possibly say is that Finish has never had the array of pretty scents that other dishwasher detergent do . There 's no lavender , or dragonfruit , or lemon , or green apple . There 's always just been regular , which is a bit bleach-like and a bit fresh . But now , I see , Finish has scented detergent . Yay ! I just love things that smell nice , and this detergent has a really nice , light orange scent . Each tablet comes individually wrapped , and they perform all of the Finish magic to which I am accustomed in the dishwasher . Absolutely no complaints from me.TL ; DR
 I got a sample of this product through Amazon 's Vine program . Each tablet comes wrapped in its own little wrapper . Those plastic wrappers are a pain to get open . It would have been helpful if the manufacturer would have put a little cut in one edge for a place to get a tear in the wrapper started . The first load of dishes I washed , I used one tablet and it was n't enough to get the dishes streak free . The second load , I used 2 tablets -LRB- 1 in each dispenser -RRB- and got better results . I would have thought that since this is a Finish branded product that my glasses would be streak free , but with only one table , they were not . I think I will stick with the Cascade .
 I remember seeing advertisements for this product and could n't imagine that that little red ball would dissolve in my dishwasher . Well , it does . And not only that , previously cloudy glasses came out crystal clear!We 've been usingCascade Complete All-in-1 ActionPacs Dishwasher Detergent , Fresh Scent , 30.5 Oz , 48-Countand everything seemed to come out clean . The only thing I noticed is that my plastic refillable drinking bottles seemed to come out making the water not taste quite right . Of course I blaimed the dishwasher ... . that is until I got theseFinish Powerball Tabs Dishwasher Detergent , Orange Scent , 32-Count . We started using these as soon as we got them and , not only were previously cloudy glasses suddenly crystal clear , but the plastic refillable water bottles no longer have a detergent taste . I even noticed that the inside of the dishwasher seems cleaner.We are running low on these now , so it 's time to buy more . We 'll only use these Finish Powerball Tablets from now on .
 I was a bit hesitant about ordering these given that there 's a review sharply critical of the scent . I 've used them for a few loads and have had no problems at all with the scent . It just smells like soap , and it is very hard to tell the difference between the orange scent -LRB- this product -RRB- and the `` fresh scent '' and normal versions -LRB- which are the two versions I normally buy -RRB- . The Fresh Scent and the regular versions smell a bit more soapy than the Orange Scent version , but it 's a very close call.It works just as well as the fresh scent and regular versions - gets all my dishes and glasses clean with no film or spotting.In general , Finish Powerball is less effective than Finish Quantum , but not by much . I keep a few tabs of the Quantum version around for when I have a really bad baked-on mess for pans . For normal use the Powerball since it works great and costs less . Both the Quantum and Powerball eliminate the need to use a rinse agent to keep spots off glasses and silverware , which further adds to the savings.Works great and smells just like normal dishwasher soap . Highly recommend .
 I bought these because I was tired of my cascade dish detergent -LRB- liquid -RRB- seemingly going so quickly and barely getting the job done.they seem to be cleaning my dishes just fine and I love that I know exactly how many loads I have left to be able to clean . In my house things like that matter - with a small baby often things forget to be bought and then i just run out!I also really like that these are individually sealed . I had bought a bag of individual little detergent balls and after loading the dishwasher my hands would be ever so slightly wet when i went to grab one . the moisture , even minimal started making the rest of them in the bag deteriorate , as they break down when touching water . these being individually wrapped means that I dont ruin them with damp hands when i go to grab them!also . . i dont have any spots on my glasses and they are a good price . overall happy and would recommend and or buy again
 I was a little hesitant to try tablets in my dishwasher but having used them four times now I must admit that they work beautifully . However , I NEVER overload my dishwasher and will run a load with just a few dishes rather than have clutter in the kitchen . I always wash my pots and pans by hand most of which are Calphalon and hang back on the hanging rack or place with stacking pots , even the heavy duty stainless steel pots , as well as my Henckels knives by hand . Unfortunately , I still have two huge Lemon Cascade bottles to use up , if I ever do . I really like these nice little tablets and I 'm sure I will find them in a local super market . One tablet in the closing dispenser and you 're done . Excellent .
 After trying many different brands both dry and jell over a period of several years , my family was saying we needed a new dishwasher . The Whirlpool washer was a complete disappointment with every other product I had used . Now my dishes and flatware come out looking clean and free of spots .
 This is the best dishwasher tab on the market ! Dishes always come out clean and sparkling and never have a dull film . Will continue to buy this product !
 Used the liquid and powder dishwasher detergent for years , then switched to the dissolving packets . Unfortunately , they often would not dissolve and we would have to re-wash . We found the Finish tables and have been pleasantly surprised .
 Finish is the only brand of dishwasher detergent that works in my machine . Both Powerball and Quantum by Finish are excellent . I usually buy these in the grocery store only when they are on sale , but I saw these on Amazon at I price I rarely beat in the store , so I ordered a couple of boxes . Would definitely order again at this price .
 I was having hard water problems , and after reading the review in Consumer Reports , decided to give these a try . The work great ! Glasses sparkle again .
 I switched to Finish when it was still Electrasol because I could see a difference in the cleaning and non-filming action of it . At the time I lived on the West Coast where the water is naturally softer than in the Midwest , where I moved to three yrs ago . Finish Powerball might do the job by itself , but I also use Finish Jet-Dry , and I have `` sparkly clear '' glasses . I put everything into my dishwasher , including my Waterford vase , and they are cleaned perfectly
 I used to be loyal to the Costco Kirkland liquid dishwasher detergent , but for some reason just stopped working . I tried other brands , same result
 We usually use Cascade liquid or a store brand or even Finish liquid . We tried these once before , but I thought them a little expensive . Now having done the math ... and looked again at how clean the dishes get . And surprisingly how little residue these leave in the washer -LRB- the liquid we have been using leaves scunge on the bottom of the door -RRB- ... I have been won over.We will use this and the Finish Dish Washer Freshener from now on -LRB- if you have n't tried that , go buy one now ! Our kitchen has never smelled better -- it 's especially nice right after doing the dishes -RRB- .
 This product really makes doing the dishes easy . Just open the wrapper and pop the tablet in the dishwasher . It 's so much less messy than using liquid dishwasher detergent . However , sometimes it seems like these leave a bit of a residue and do n't get dishes as clean as liquid Cascade Complete did . I will still continue to use this product because I like the ease of use , but I think the Cascade does do a somewhat better job getting dishes clean . This is still a great and easy product , though .
 There is something about my dishwasher that the plastic pouch dish washing detergents do not like.They tend to stick to the soap dispenser and not dissolve.These are definitely a better option for us.I am also much happier with the look of my glasses while using this product , not as cloudy or spotty .
 Finish Powerball Tablets work very well . I have noticed a definite improvement in the cleanliness of my dishes . I was used to rinsing and removing most of the soil on my dishes before I put them into the dishwasher , and now I have to do that a lot less . It says it will remove even stuck-on foods , but on things like potatoes or oatmeal , the results were n't as good . I had to rewash a bowl that had held mashed potatoes , and a pan that had cooked oatmeal . Other than that , it seems to remove food from dishes quite well , at least compared to the gel I was using . The tablets are individually wrapped and easy to use .
 It does a nice job and you are paying for the convenience of having just one packet you put in to do all of the cycles in the dishwasher . Orange scent is nice and not over-powering . Seems to do a nice job with heavily soiled dishes . It is a matter of choice for a small increase in price .
 Let me start with the notion that we have * really * hard water where we live , so keep that in mind when reading my review.I usually use Cascade powerpacs for my dishwasher detergent , along with Finish Power Up Booster for my hard water issues . This combination was working fantastic for my needs.After switching to Finish Powerball -LRB- and kept using the Power Up Booster -RRB- I was not as happy with the outcome . The dishes I thoroughly rinsed came out sparkling clean , but the ones my kids would rinse and leave some residue on , came out with spots of residue still on them.I was a bit disappointed since I LOVE the Power Up Booster so much -LRB- I actually do a Subscribe and Save here on amazon for that product because I like it so much and use it daily -RRB- I was hoping this Finish brand of dishwasher detergent would be as good . But I think I am going to stick with my Cascade.Again , we have very hard water , so if you do n't you may have different results .
 In the past few years we have been using these with our dishwasher . These are great . no fiddling with soap , no mess . just open the packet and put the tablet in the soap tray.They seem to have no problem with normal loads . They clean everything we throw at it . We also did n't have any problem with the orange scent . My wife is very particular with funny smells and there was no issue with these.Another nice thing is there is n't any soap residue left when the load is done . I really ca n't recommend these enough.The only downside , if you would call it that , is 1 tablet is 1 load . You ca n't really break off pieces to get more out of it . So if you buy 20 tablets you are only getting 20 loads . For most if not all buyers , this is no big deal . But if you run smaller loads or like to use less to save money , be aware.Ultimately , the Finish powerballs are the only way we buy soap for our dishwasher ... . and currently I do n't think there is any competition .
 Finish Powerball tablets do a wonderful job at cleaning dishes - unlike some of the other tablets or gelpacks out there , they do the job and dissolve completely , leaving the dishes clean and without any spots or residue . For their price , they 're a wonderful bargain and the best cleaner . The orange scent is an added bonus , a bit of citrus while the wash cycle is running .
 A few years ago , as I was replacing my cookware for the third time , I thought hard about what was most important to me , besides function and quality , and added a third uncompromising element
 Dissolves fully , works great on getting stuck on food off dishes . If you 're like me and rinse your dishes before placing them in the dishwasher , Finish Powerball is fantastic . No more having to `` fingernail pick '' bits of stuck on food after taking your dishes out of the washer . Finish Powerball is fantastic !
 I received this product quickly and I absolutely love it ! I have lots of digestion issues so I need a product that is easy to digest and this is it . I 've tried lots of others with no luck so I will keep using this one .
 Great product!My Doctor in California recommended this product because I had trouble digesting solid pills . Thorne Trace Minerals is easily absorbed by the body .
 I highly recommend the Taylor of Old Bond Street for sensitive skin . I only shave 2 or 3 times a week , but get razor burn and bumps when I use any other product
 I bought this for my brother and he said that this is one of the best shaving creams that he has ever used , He used an almond size worth of shaving cream and it could have lasted him 10 lathers . It was very smooth and easy for him to shave using this cream . The smell is great too ! Not overpowering in the least .
 This shaving experience lives up to the high standard I hold for Taylor of Old Bond Street shaving creams . I was looking for a light , fresh scent for summer . While the scent is nice , it 's a little heavier in tone than I was looking for and is less citrus in nature than expected .
 Best shaving cream I have ever used . No contest with USA products . Our British cousins got his right .
 I 've tried 4 or 5 of the Taylor scents of the last few years . So far this is my favorite . It 's a very light and clean scent . Lathers great -LRB- like the all do -RRB- . So far my least favorite is for sure the Lavender - it smells like grandma -LRB- not that grandma smelled really bad or anything , I just do n't want that smell -RRB- . Avacado and Eaton College are also good scents . Oh yeah , as far as the shave cream - it 's really excellent and one tub lasts for months and months .
 I find this to be one of the best shaving creams available . The Lemon + Lime version smells a bit old-fashioned . I suppose if you like that sort of scent , you 'll love this one . This is not my favorite -LRB- my all-time favorite is Avocado -RRB- . It 's best when used with a good brush -LRB- preferably made of badger hair -RRB- . It provides excellent protection from your razor . I find that a tub of this stuff lasts approximately 4-6 months , depending on how often you shave and how large a dab you use ; you 'll be surprised how just a little dab develops into plenty of lather . Highly recommended , but be aware this may not be the best scent .
 I love all Taylor 's shaving creams , but this one is not my favorite scent
 Even applied directly from the jar to the face , this shaving cream lathers nicely and smells quite pleasant -LRB- but not overpowering -RRB- . I still prefer the Eton College scent , but this does rival the avocado scent for second favorite.This is the fourth Taylor of Old Bond Street tub I 've bought over the years . That 's not because they run out quickly
 Ever since I started shaving using soap in a bowl , Taylor of Old Bond Street has been a favorite of mine . It lathers up very nicely , and the Lemon & Lime scent is unbelievably good and refreshing . This combined with the face food of the same scent are an awesome duo and treat for the face .
 Since I have switched to using a safety razor to shave I have really enjoyed using ToB 's shaving cream . Recommend it to anyone looking for a good shave cream .
 These shave creams smell great and they really lubricate your skin giving you a great shave . I do not use a badger hair brush as I just use an amount about the size of a nickel on my index finger and rub it in with my hands . I never have razor burn anymore . It lasts a long time as well .
 Excellent product . It is very rich and creamy . Moisturizes your face wihile you are shaving . I get about 3 months use from one jar and I use a badger hair brush with it . It makes my girlfriend happy too !
 This product ranks # 3 with Truefitt & Hill and Trumper . The cream performs well and lathers well . I would purchase again .
 I 've used this product for years , including the Mint Julup lotion and the honey soaps , and love them . I 've never had any problems , and I have very sensitive skin .
 My son gave this to me one year for Christmas ... I fell in love with it ! Took me a while to find it , but I finally did on Amazon . . It stays on your lips without a heavy feeling and it has a great flavor to boot .
 I like it because it works as both a stress reducer and well-being enhancer . And I like the taste when taken as recommended .
 This is great stuff ! It does n't make you sleepy or sedated but adds to a general sense of calm and well-being . My doctor recommended it and it has been a big help .
 I like Dr. Bob 's Portable Neck Traction a lot . I have used it successfully to significantly reduce pain when my neck was out of alignment . I was also able to completely eliminate my adult son 's neck problems with it -- in one treatment for him ! Before using the device , it helps a lot to warm the neck muscles for about 10-15 minutes with moist heat . Also , according to a physical therapist I was seeing , the maximum length of time a muscle will stretch is 30 seconds , so I apply and release the pressure by inflating and deflating the neck traction device . It requires a little fussing around to do it that way , but it works really well . I highly recommend this product and have had no problems with leakage of the air pressure .
 My chiropractor recommened this item and it is worth every penny I spent . The traction relieved the tight , turtle neck I was experiencing . The pain running down my shoulders has gone . Neck muscles sore from use , but that is to be expected when using this item . Well worth it .
 I have 2 bulged disks and 2 herniated disks in my neck . I have a pinched nerve which leaves my finger tips numb and my arm at about 20 % strength . Besides the pain , the weakness in my arm and the possibility of permanent nerve damage is scary . I have tried acupuncture , chiropractors , Pain management/shots , I have been to orthopedic and neurosurgeons . Physical Therapy is the last step before surgery where they will remove 2 disk and replace it with a dead persons bone and fuse it with a steel plate . I have tried other traction devices such as the over the door and other inflatable 's this is by far the best I have tried and I am hopeful that this may relieve the pressure on the nerve . Other reviews on Amazon suggest a petroleum smell , this product I use today does n't have that issue . I will update the post later with any improvements etc. .
 I have been having problems with my spine . My chiropractor recommend I use this in between appointments . The compaction within my neck has caused me to have tingling in my arms and sometimes causing them to go to sleep . Use this about 1 a night with 3 short sessions has been great for my arms and neck . Cant live without it now .
 This thing is great ... worth the money . the directions have you sit straight , but i actually prefer to use it laying in my bed . do n't over-do it , especially for too long ... you can feel it working . great idea !
 This thing works great . Maybe too good . Use discretion when pumping so your neck does n't extend too much.A little dab will do you .
 The material is really soft , and kind to babies skin . I just wish it came in a two pack with the colors complimenting each other .
 This is a great first aid kit to take with you everywhere . I have carried one of these around with me for over 15 years . Perfect for a back pack or any bag , It also has room to add additional items , I personally like to put triple antibiotic cream , Tylenol , and extra band aids in mine .
 Basic kit but you can squeeze other products into it as needed . Nice carry case and is small enough for bag/backpack/glovebox .
 Originally used this product in the hospital . I like it so much , I purchased a box . Nice size , refreshing , capable of a full body wash . It 's worth a try .
 These are just like the wipes used in our local hospital . My wife loves them . Heat the package in the microwave for about 15 seconds , and you have a warm washcloth.My wife lost her let last year , and showering is not as easy as it used to be , so she uses these between showers .
 Over the summer I developed a 4th metatarsal stress fracture after running too much . It was reaggravated twice over nearly 3 months @ 3 weeks in and @ 2 months in despite resting and RICEing it . A friend 's mom recommended Symphytum Officinale after her son used it to help with a bone break . Since staying off of my foot was not enough , I desperately decided to try this along with USP Labs Super Cissus Rx , which I read also aids bone healing . I used an order of each and continued to take it easy for an additional month . Once I finished both bottles , I slowly began increasing my activity . I ran my first mile roughly 6 months post fracture and can now run 3 miles regularly with no signs of reaggravation . It might have been the sheer amount of time I rested for , but I think this along with Cissus Quadrangularis is definitely worth a try considering how debilitating and unpredictable stress fractures can be . These taste fine/good btw .
 The stool was just perfect . As I could not stand , I could adjust this stool so as to fit my needs . The Legs were easily moved , and not difficult for me to do . I would recomend this product to antone in need of this type of medical equipment .
 I read the reviews for this chair & one person said there was no assembly . I bought it & it DID come whole . I am handicapped but the adjustable legs were very easy to work . It fits in my tiny bathtub & once again showers are a pleasure instead of a chore .
 People always ask me if it works and my answer is simply - I have n't had the flu since I started using it -LRB- over 6 years ago , -RRB- so I will assume yes . It really is your choice , but if you want to believe the dr. who makes money off of you being sick over people that have n't been sick in years after using the product . You might be leaning on science , but I guess logic was left out of your analysis all together .
 This product works better than anything else I have ever tried to put the brakes on the symptoms of a cold or the flu
 I read the two negative reviews and it appears that these reviewers have not tried the product , but are relying on their superior intellect to suggest that others are less mentally competent if they do try it . Additionally , comments about the quantity of materials that go into making up the Oscillococcinum indicate that they have little knowledge about homeopathics and how they are produced . In my understanding , you are being treated by the super-diluted essence of the material , rather than by the material itself.On the other hand , the positve reviews seem to be coming from people who have actually TRIED the product and have received positive results . Try a product before you review it ? Gosh , what a novel idea!Personnally , I have tried the product several times , am very pleased with the results . By the way , I also take a flu shot every year , but these shots are usually trivalent , meaning that they only protect you against the three , global influenzas most common at the time of manufacture .
 When I first heard of homeopathy I thought it was some kind of new fashionable thing that will go away soon . But I thought I should go and read some more . However , I did n't go that far reading how exactly specific remedies were being prepared.Still sceptical I tried Oscillococcinum when I was really sick and it put me back on my feet in a day . Since then I always keep a pack nearby and take it when I feel the first signs of flu.What I like best is that there are no side effects and as with all homeopathic substances you can never overdose.I recommend this remedy to everyone.It works best if you can avoid coffee , alcohol and mint toothpaste while taking it .
 How this product works is simple , and not unlike a GENLTLE flu shot . The small candy like pellets have a very small amount of flu virus in them . They activate your anti-bodies to better fight off any flu , sore throat , etc. . My family and I have used it for 15 years and I have seen amazing results . I have recommended it to many friends . The only people who have had less than great results are heavy drinkers . Give it a try ... it is worth a few $ $ not to spend days in bed !
 I 've used this stuff several times now , and it really seemed to knock the symptoms down pretty rapidly . It may be `` snake oil '' and the placebo effect ; but I 'm pretty skeptical , and it has appeared to help me bypass the worst of the illness and get better quickly ... One of the previous reviewers knocks it , saying it is so dilute it could n't work , and that it 's just `` duck liver and heart . '' Actually , the `` goo '' he talks about is probably full of bacteria , and according to one reference I found , the dose provides enough bacteria to somehow be beneficial.There are also two double blind studies -LRB- though financed by the mfr -RRB- that show significant improvement over a placebo .
 I have been taking it for years . You must take it at the first suspected sign of symptoms ; tiredness , headache , aches all over , sore throat , coughing . Drink as much water as possible and it seems to knock out whatever I was coming down with . I think it helps to take it before bed and get a good nights sleep . Two kitties next to your body helps greatly . Great product-homeopathic .
 The proof is in the pudding . It works well for me . I do n't really care what some little independent research lab says , 65 million people use it and get relief . My body is my lab , without Oscillio I get the flu 1-2 times a year . Since using Oscillio I have not come down with flu or flu symptoms in two years .
 This is a great product for the flu . My husband got sick with the flu last year . He could n't get out of bed he was running fever and really weak . He had to go to work that night and was planning to call off . I gave him some oscillococcinum . He was up and out of bed in a couple of hours and did make it to work . He could n't believe it ! He countinued to take for 2 days . He swears by the product and he does not get the flu shot does n't need it with oscill . We have told everyone about this product and how good it works and they have had the same results .
 A friend gave oscillo to me when in the midst of winter I started to develop a cold , just when I needed it the least . And in contrast to my `` better '' knowledge -LRB- I am a scientist and critical by nature ... -RRB- I chose the easy way and just took it . 3 ampullae were enough to make me feel good enough to complete some important experiments in my lab with minor problems only . Meanwhile most of my colleagues were gone home or sent home and stayed in bed . A similar story happened at 2 more flu seasons to me and , as I can only confirm , always to my own surprise , since usually my immune system is not the strongest , either.It is hard to comprehend how oscillo works -LRB- that 's why I only gave 4 stars -RRB- and I decided not to ask anymore . Somehow it seems to help the organism to heal by itself . The lack of scientific explanation , specifically the diluiton issue is a major problem with all homeopathic medicines . However medical doctors start more and more to offer them to patients , just because they see them work . They are no wonder drugs , of course . Not every one works with everybody , just as not every conventional medicine works with everybody , either.In my case oscillo works with me and that 's why I will take it again .
 My family loves this product and I am glad that I can find it online.It was shipped quickly and conviently !!
 I used to be in bed for almost a week every time I came down with the flu , and was feeling so sick and weak for so long that the thought of death seemed welcome at times . Then I started using Oscillo . I use it whenever I feel the first symtoms that point to flu , and I have had some very mild flu symptoms but have NEVER since had the flu like I used to 15 or more years ago . This works ! Homeopathy is not voodoo . I feel much better knowing that I have Oscillo handy at all times , and I do not plan to get a flu shot again this year . I am planning to add astragalus -LRB- herbal antiviral -RRB- since it has been recommended by Dr. Weil and can be used indefinitely as a preventive measure .
 I never leave the house without a couple of this nifty little pre-moistened towelettes tucked away in my purse . One just never knows when a sin will take you by surprise , so it is always good to be prepared.If you are like me , then public restrooms , door handles , shopping carts , and other grimy things encountered outside the home are a threat to the sanctity and sanity of your being . You 'll discover that these hand wipes are a convenient blessing for restoring your sense of well being.They are plenty large and moist enough for a thorough cleaning of both sides of the hands , all ten digits -LRB- back , front , and in between -RRB- , under fingernails , and all the way up to the elbows if needed . Also , they have a refreshing light scent and are non-drying to your skin.Like all the Wash Away Your Sins items , these towelettes have been tested and approved for all seven deadly sins . I do n't know if this is guaranteed or not but I do n't want to be the one to find out .
 I 've used this Herb Pharm product as antibacterial both internally and externally and it works well . Certainly do n't replace Rx antibiotics if they are required but when I get a deep cut in the garden I dilute the wormwood solution with distilled water and apply to the cut every so often . Also take a few drops in a glass of water to get stomach back to normal when it 's out of sorts , dreadful taste but effective . Only once every few months internally and just a few drops . Pretty powerful stuff . It stains skin and clothes so be careful .
 Product works well . Does not taste the greatest , but it does what it is supposed to do . Would buy it again .
 After 2 weeks of daily doses , my stomach was no longer bloated and bowel movements returned to normal . Wormwood Extract did what it was advertized to do . It was such a relief . I am buying a second bottle of Wormwood Extract to keep my system clear and functioning .
 Thanks for the product . Everything arrived as stated . Before I moved to this location , I was able to just walk into my local supplement store and purchase the things I needed . This was my very first time ordering this same product online . I was a bit concerned that I might receive a bottle that was expired or about to expire . Well , that did n't happen . I am sooo glad . Now , I can say that I trust this vendor . I will certainly buy from them again . It 's nice that there are people who can still be trusted . Thanks again .
 Works well & Is Potent . I Recommend it to anyone who knows how to use wormwood . Peace , Love , Absinthe -LRB- :
 They advertise on the front `` feels delicious '' . The taste is not wonderful , but tolerable . The texture is , however , much better than KY. . It is more comfortable & lasts longer than KY. .
 Upon arrival , I was impressed with the quality of this pen . I had read the reviews before I purchased this pen and based on what was written , I had to take the plunge . The only qualm I have is when the pen arrived , the metal clip was slightly scratched -LRB- hence the four stars -RRB- . I do not feel this is a major setback as it will be a matter of time before I add my own scratches.I had also read how certain individuals are disturbed that Cross pens are made/assembled in China . This however , does not bother me . Cross has an excellent warranty on all pens so this was n't much of a concern . The other issue was the marks on the pen not lining up which is correct . This again is not really to much trouble as the lines are barely visable unless you are looking closely . I would imagine if this pen was indeed made in the USA , the cost would be much higher . Anyhow , great product .
 This pen is brilliant . I want a pen for office use that had class and beauty and made of silver , so I went to site to site looking for a high quality pen with a reasonable price and finally came to this site and I was amazed of the craftmanship and the price , so I was skeptical , but I took a chance and when it came I open the package and it was more beautiful than I could a imagine so yes I recommend this product it has class and beauty and you wo n't regret .
 Totally elegant pen . This sterling silver pen will be a nice twenty fifth anniversary gift . And it comes gifted boxed .
 Works like a pen should ... surely not the most expensive ... but dependable :-RRB- Exactly what I was expecting .
 The Cross Sterling pen was a gift for my husband . Great value and I hope to shop with you again . Fast shipping ...
 when I saw the picture of the pen , I was happy coz i liked it . but when it arrived I was extra happy coz it was really elegant and smooth in writing.my husband loved it and the box that is coming with.what a perfect gift for someone who just got a promotion at work .
 I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PEN IT WAS A GIFT FOR MOMS BIRTHDAY AND SHE WAS VERRY HAPPY BECAUSE SHE HAD ONE OF THESE AND LOST IT SO MADE HER VERY HAPPY ON HER BIRTHDAY . AND THE PEN WAS HERE IN JUST A FEW DAYS PLENTY OF TIME BEFORE HER BIRTHDAY
 I love this product . First time I experienced was in a salon when I got a pedicure in the dead of a Colorado winter . The nail tech saw the condition of my cracked heels and used Qtica . I got one as stocking stuffers for all my best girls . Highly recommended !
 I was very skeptical about this product after trying other foot creams that did n't work . This lotion does feel greasy when you put it on and very thick.When it dries the results are worth it because when you wake up your feet are dry and the cracked skin is repaired.I would recommend this product .
 This stuff is terrific for dry feet . It is expensive , but worth it , if your feet are dry and giving you trouble.Here is the reason it is not 5 starts
 Columbia Antiseptic Powder has been around for years and years . My parents used it , and their parents before them . I use it too . It 's great for many things , itching , sunburn , does n't burn like other stuff so it 's good for sensitive areas . Much much better than `` baby powder '' . It 's getting a bit hard to locate in real stores , which is a shame . Try it -- I think you 'll like it better than other powders you might have tried .
 This is a great natural powder to help with rashes on humans , and even hot spots on dogs . The powder is just as pictured , but it arrived with no seal or anything , and that kind of bugs me . I think it should have a seal or even tape on the top of the bottle . But oh well . . for what it is -LRB- good stuff ! -RRB- , I give it 5 stars . 5 Stars for the product , 4 for the packaging . I know the review is for the product , so I gave it 5 stars ... but I thought I 'd share a little about the packaging for those wanting to order it here on this link .
 After spending almost $ 40 on ONE OZ of this stuff at the vet , and running out shortly thereafter , I purchased this on amazon . Such a wonderful product . It 's basically the same stuff that the vet sells and it worked just as well at clearing up my dog 's hot spots . She has even developed additional hot spots since the original one that preceded this purchase and no trip to the vet was necessary because only a couple applications of this powder healed them right up .
 I have used this product for over 40 years . It is one of those must have products in my household .
 Found this powder years ago and have been using it ever since for a family member . Best product on the market . Highly recommend .
 I have used this powder for 20 years and recommend it highly to everyone . It helped my skin through radiation treatments thispast year ! I order 4 Bottles per year . Pricey but worth every penny !!
 Have used this product for more than 25 years.Works very well on rashes , cuts , insect bites , atheletes foot and sores of all kinds.Helps healing more quickly . Does n't have any odor .
 This powder works great and does just what it is supposed to do . The only drawback for me is the highly medicinal smell . That said , it has been a life saver since Jason Natural decided to discontinue its Tea Tree body powder . I will use this until I discover something better smelling that works as well as this does .
 The Columbia Antiseptic Powder did everything it is supposed to do . The Shipping was also very quick . Thanks again .
 I 've tried many powders and I agree with the previous review -- this product is the best . Non-irritating and very reliable . I could n't do without it.This is one of those things that should be top of its category . Thank goodness you can still find it online .
 I used this product years ago on all my children for daiper rash . If they developed a rash in one diaper I would apply this powder and by the next diaper change there was no redness . I bought this for my grandchild who had a severe diarrhea case with a red and bleeding bottom - her mother tried EVERY product the store sold and this powder was the only product that made the diaper rash disappear ! I am a Nurse and I highly recommend this product . Thank you Amazon for having this product for sale !
 I bought this product after hearing about it from a few friends and looking online about different powders for razor burn and skin irritation . I was n't too thrilled with the price and the only size that was available anywhere in my town was the 6 oz . size . I have used basic baby powder for chafing and razor burns and it always seemed to work just fine . However , I wanted something that was medicated to help with a minor skin irritation that had been forming on the top of my elbows and triceps . I must say that this powder is by the far the best I have tried out of all the powders that I have used . It helps with foot irritation , chafing after exercise , skin irritation , and even razor burn . If it 's irritated this powder will fix it.The only con I can see about this powder is that it is definitely not unscented . It has a very distinct ` medicine ' smell but it is very faint so it does n't pose too much of a problem.Overall , if you 're looking for a good medicated powder that can solve a lot of problems ... this is definitely an easy and safe buy !
 I have used so many powders and have been buried in perfume . This one does not irritate my skin , keeps me cool and smelling fresh and you can use it sparingly . Excellent for anyone with sensitive skin .
 I bought this powder for a heat rash . It has worked really well and cleared the rash . Delivery was quick and the price was a good value .
 Columbia Antiseptic Powder has been around for a long time , but hardly anyone carries it anymore . Gold Bond is all that you can find , but with the menthol in it , it is very uncomfortable on delicate areas of the body . Columbia is soothing , works great on itchiness , because of the zinc ingredient . Just wish it was more widely available .
 My sister gave this to me when I was having problems . The container she gave me is dated back to 1981 and it stilll works great . I am ordering another bottle only becuase I am afraid that I may not be able to find this in the future . It works wonderful . The tag on the 1981 bottle cost 4.71 amazing ! I recommend it to anyone .
 Columbia Antiseptic Powder , 6 OzGreat product , much better as a skin protect and anti-fungal than other products including all starch based products because it contains lots of zinc oxide and talc .
 I have cystic acne , and this on top of some antibiotic ointment mixed with some zinc oxide cream does absolute wonders to either get rid of cysts before they are a problem , or at least hurry them up . After years of antibiotics that stop working , Accutane and homeopathic remedies ... this is n't perfect but it has worked consistently for longer than any other treatment . I 'm so thankful for Columbia powder
 The bottle says `` First Aid for Your Skin '' and that 's what it is . The product has active ingredients that actually work . It does have a medicinal smell right out of the bottle , however , I do n't smell it after it 's on the skin for a while . It 's a little bit expensive but worth it to me to have a bottle around the house .
 Columbia Antiseptic Powder is great for insect bites . It really calms the itch . We 've also used it on diaper rash with success . It 's a little pricey but well worth the expense .
 Note , this is not an antiperspirant and wo n't keep you dry . But it also has no aluminum . Sweating is natural , and this does keep you from getting sweat odor . I prefer deodorant to antiperspirant , and it 's darn hard to find in the local drugstore so I am glad Tom 's makes this product . It has a nice feminine scent .
 Works well . I bike everywhere I go and I still smell great by the end of the day . wears down a bit but thats the price for all natural.Though plain baking soda works just as well . This product is nice . I perfer woodspice or apricot though . Honeysuckle rose has got such a sweet smell I get a bit sick of it after awhile .
 The lavender scent is very mild and actually probably does a better job with my skin and natural body essence than the Apricot scent . I actually do n't get the white residue like I did after taking a shower using the Apricot product . I never get skin peeling with either brand . Enjoy knowing this is aluminum free . I must say though , the scent is very mild - I can hardly smell it on me which is a good thing -LRB- would mean more chemicals and that defeats the purpose of this product -RRB- . With the Apricot I think looking back I smelled the natural body odor much quicker in the day than in using the Lavender . Keep in mind I 'm a stay at home mom . My day is at home keeping house , changing diapers , dishes , laundry , taking kids to and from school , grocery shopping , homework , breakfast , lunch , dinner . I 'm active but not doing marathons . Hope my review helps you .
 I 've used Tom 's of Maine toothpaste , love it and decided to try its natural deodorant . The Long Lasting Honeysuckle Rose smells uniquely vibrant and applies clear . It 's not an antiperspirant so it wo n't prevent sweat . After using aluminum based , fabricated scent deodorants , this product is a pleasant change . There are several scents to choose from , some of which contain zinc . I stick with the HoneySuckle Rose or Soothing Calendula , both of which are zinc free . Another great product from Tom 's . Love the brand , do n't ever stop producing .
 nice , safe product for those who are conscientious about the aluminum in our environment . Would definitely recommend this to others
 I 've used this product for almost 30 years . It 's the best stuff out there and all you will need . Lovely scent , works , non-irritating . The person saying it smells like Vick 's , etc. , has some kind of dysesthesia . It 's the only possible explanation . I do n't know what to make of it .
 This is a great product , no aluminium , pleasant scent and lasts for ages . I would highly recommend this product - my favourite is ` Honeysuckle Rose ' but all the others are great as well . There 's also ` Natural ' unscented if you 'd prefer something more neutral .
 really great product . . Ive been using the toothpaste and now this and Tom 's have really great products to offer . .
 smells great , my g/f was allergic to most types but this works well and smells great .
 Purity does a good job finding the best ingredients . They may be a little more pricey , but you usually get what you pay for . No wierd aftertaste with these , they are n't BIG pills you typically see nowadays . Although you have to take 4 , they are easier to swallow with their capsule form . I bought these because I was trying to find a multi without the typical saw palmetto/prostate ingredients they like to throw in there nowadays .
 Purity Products takes great pride to bring a quality product to its customer . The `` Perfect Multi '' is a wonderful product that provides a balance of vitamins , minerals and other essential proprietary blends that boosts your energy and health ! Combined with a healthy diet , the Perfect Multi will change how you feel .
 I 've tried many vitamins over the years with little or no change in how I felt . My soninlaw recommended these to me . They are the best vitamin I 've ever taken ! Energy level is much better taking Purity Perfect Multi !
 It was easy to find the right kind of battery at the right price ; they fit perfectly and are delivering satisfactory results .
 This battery that I bought was great for the price which you would pay and it has been worked perfectly for me at least and I hope the same for you .
 I have bought thi 's Zippo lighter , and I am very happy with it.I can only recommend it
 The finish is nice and everything works great on it , I love zippos but the one down side was that with the polished chrome fingerprints stick out like no tomorrow .
 i love this stand and the price is great only wish it was taller must use on table or counter . but i am able to use 2 hands for drying hair much faster and hair comes out smoother . good product easy to assemble .
 I had ordered this back in May and I got to tell you it works great . I use this stand everyday to give my hair volume and curls with my stand up hair dryer stand . It does work great and I could n't be more happier . I would recommend this to any one who really wants volume and curls with the curling brush , volume brush , or both . I love it .
 Great product , a gift for my wife and she loves the free-hand hair dying this item permits .
 This was a very cute gift ! Appropriate for children , specially for the Packers fans ! Totally worth the purchase . I recommend this product .
 For the last 6 years , I 've had chronic acid reflux and stomach problems . I did some research and read a book by Doctor who mentioned that a majority of acid reflux victims have a lack of hydrochloric acid in the stomach , and how most doctors -LRB- and pharmaceuticals -RRB- instantly will provide a simple `` coverup '' of the symptoms by prescribing a variety of antacids on the market that simply neutralize the stomach . These products provide temporary relief -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , but effect the bodies natural process of digestion and nutrient absorption as well . I know ... I 've been on Nexium , Pepcid , Gaviscon , and many other doctor prescribed medicines for years . I finally decided to give it a chance , and see if getting off all the med 's and letting my body work for itself naturally . I stopped taking my antacid -LRB- yes ... I was scared to death -RRB- and started the new regiment of the betaine hydrochloride at breakfast , lunch and dinner . I realized you have to experiment with what your body can handle . I started off with two tablets at each meal , and over a two week period went to one tablet per meal . I then discovered that I did n't need the HCL at breakfast , and only continued using one tablet at lunch and dinner -LRB- foods and meat that are harder to digest -RRB- . I must say ... after three months , my reflux is GONE ! In addition to the betaine hydrochloride , I take a 1000mg d-Limonene -LRB- orange peel oil -RRB- softgel , which helps soothe the stomach . I have to admit , my body feels better , and my reflux is gone . I did n't have just a little reflux , I had one of the worst and most chronic form acid reflux . This caused me to have breath odor problems , sinus problems , and major throat irritation . It 's all gone . : -RRB-
 It works well , instead of making matters worse by taking a antacid it promotes greater digestion which promotes health rather than giving false relief .
 For months I have been bothered with excess gas in the abdominal region to the extent that I would not eat as much as I should . I tried everything for an anti-acid person - Maalox , Mylanta , Gas X , all the different varieties of yogurt , probiotics , acidophilus , etc. . THEN I read in a Health and Nutrition article that `` THE SYMPTOMS ARE THE SAME FOR A PERSON THAT HAS TOO MUCH ACID IN THEIR SYSTEM AS A PERSON THAT HAS TOO LITTLE ACID . The article suggested taking Betaine HCL with Pepsin for too little acid in the stomach . I did that and the rest is history.I found that I could not find the Betaine HCL pills anywhere locally - Walgreens , Walmart , etc. . So I went on the internet and purchased them at a great price from AMAZON . After cautiously taking one pill after two different meals , I started passing gas . Now I do n't mean just a regular ol' fart , I passed gas like I was letting gas out of a balloon . Before the next meal I already had an increase in appetite . I could go on , but in summary I have found that I need about 70 grains -LRB- seven 600mg -RRB- of Betaine HCL each day , taking it during each meal -LRB- 2,2,3 -RRB- . I never -LRB- well almost never -RRB- belch but sure do a lot of good f -- ting . My appetite is now great .
 For those of us who need some supplemental support for our digestive systems this works great.There 's not much to say about the product as it does exactly what it 's suppose to do . The pricingper unit is some of the best out there plus the service as provided by Country Lifeis excellent ... arrives in a timely manner every time and always before the projected arrival date .
 I suffer from periodic discomfort / bloating from SIBO -LRB- bacterial overgrowth -RRB- . I take one or two of these tablets with my evening meal and find that they are effective . This product is good value for the price .
 this stuff really does work -- felt results the first day for sibo ibs ect ... i only take one and it surely takes the bloat away-i take celebrex and ur not supposed to take both because damage will occur to the stomach lining . but i still take one and i can feel it working . some people take up to 6 or 7 so i think one is ok .
 As you age , your stomach produces less stomach acid , not more , and supplementing with Betaine Hydrochloride can really help you properly digest your food . This product is a staple at my house .
 4 stars is only because I ca n't write a full review yet because I have only used 1/4th tablet one time . It worked . I usually take digestive enzymes but were out so tried this prodcut . Now have my enzymes so using them as needed . I try to go as natural as possible and because the enzymes are completely food source I stay with them . I will try this product again if need ; saving it for the future since had only positive results so far .
 Does what it 's expected to do in helping break down the proteins we injest . I recommend this product . The value is another attractive feature .
 If your gut & pancreas do n't talk nice to one another you probably lack enough acid to digest food & keep the bugs away . Betaine is essential for digestion as well as killing the assorted stomach bugs we encounter . Country Life makes quality products & this is one of them . The company I ordered it from seems good all around but is slow in shipping . Amazon spoils us for all others shipping speeds .
 I just received the magnetic bracelet . I wear magnetic bracelets because of tendonitis and arthritis in the hands and wrists and let me say , they work . I do n't know why , but they DO work . The Sabona bracelet is very nice and good looking , just beware of the sizing . I have a large wrist and I ordered the extra-large because of the pricing and rebate , figuring I could take out a link to make it fit . The extra large is really a large , so if you are really a large man , the extra large will not fit . Other than that , it 's stunning !
 Well made , appearance of a nice piece of jewelry . I was a skeptic but my heel spurs feel better and I just have a greater well being .
 I had to return this item because it was way too small for my husband . I think that it was a woman 's medium , not a man 's . It also seemed too delicate for a man . I either misread the describtion , or something.Louise Shoksnyder
 I was super pleased with the whole process ! The merchandise arrived in just a few days . The price was the best around .
 A previous reviewer of this product does make a good point - you have to read the product description very carefully to determine the exact dosage of each capsule ; be sure this is the formulation you want . I compared prices of the many options on Amazon and these were very competitive . I give them to my dog -LRB- 54 lbs - 1 capsule/day -RRB- , who has hip dysplasia . This medication helps alot . I like the capsules because it is easy to open and sprinkle on food ; it 's tough getting her to swallow a pill . I buy the `` human grade '' rather than in a pet store because I believe it has to meet higher quality standards , and is about the same price .
 I greatly appreciate reviewer # 2 alerting us to the incorrect measurement amounts of this product since it helped me to determine proper dosages for myself and my dogs . However , I have had great success in keeping both animal and human pain in check . Before purchasing this product I was spening as much as $ 45.00 for 260 capsules which , between one human and three dogs , went pretty fast . I see no difference in the health of my dogs and in my own pain management since I 've started using these capsules . For almost 1/2 the price , plus free shipping , I 'm happy to deal with some mis-labling .
 My immune system has been low for a while and I kept getting kidney infections . I was told to take echinacea and garlic . I have been taking these herbs for a couple months now and no longer have symptoms of infection . I highly recommend this product for anyone struggling with their immune system an need a boost .
 My immune system has been going down really bad the last few years . I used to use Echinacea all the time , and I had forgotten that I did n't get as sick when I used it . Since realizing I needed something to give my immune system a good jump start I ordered the Futurebiotics brand . It really has a lot of herbs that are great for a healthier immune system . I 've just started taking these , and I 've been experiencing more energy . I also started to get a sore throat a few days ago , but it only lasted one day this time , instead of a whole week ! In the past if I got a sore throat , then I 'd get a cough , since I have seasonal asthma , which would usually turn into something worse . I swear to my testimony of this product , that it stopped the whole cycle dead in its tracks ! I 'm feeling better than I have for quite a while . I 'm very happy that I found this blend , because I know that I 'm going to get healthier again , and that my immune system is getting the support it has needed ! I highly highly recommend this product to jump start your immune system back to a healthier immune system !
 I 've been using xplc for a little more than a year now and it still gives me the added boost of energy I use it for . I wo n't say it 's a miracle pill for fat loss , but it is good at curbing your appetite .
 I have tried MANY energy pills over the years . This is my favorite that does n't make me feel weird of moody . I take one Stacker every morning since I do n't like coffee . I have done this for 5 years now . I tried other stackers and they made me feel weird but am a fan of this Stacker 2XPLC . One bottle lasts 3 months for me .
 I only use Stacker 2 xplc , the best out there in m.h.o. since they dont make me feel sick when taking them . A great burst of energy that really helps take off and keep off the pounds . Did I mention a bottle of pills is about as cheap as a Burgerking meal nowadays?However , they show a picture of a box of 20 convienient easy to tuck away daily tubes with 3 pills in each , which is what I thought I was buying ... bitter disappointment when they arrived all in one medium sized bottle instead ... * Sigh * But the price is right so cheapskates ca n't be to choosy so until I find a vendor that actually sells what they show in their pictures Im stuck with Amazon because of the price ... Goodluck in getting what you think you are buying .
 I 'm about 3 weeks into taking a Stacker with breakfast each morning and the boost is great . I 'm not taking it as a fat-burner twice a day so I ca n't speak to those claims . My wife has a low tolerance for products like this and even she 's taking it regularly with no jitters or discomfort .
 This is the best pick-me-up , with no residual effects , that I have bought AND the price is reasonable .
 First off im a soldier out here in iraq . I 've been looking for something to take w / my protien suppliment so help refine my core section and shed the layer of body fat on my mid section . Having been in the military 3 years now and working out daily i seem to be frustrated with the fact that my belly still has a layer of jelly in it . So being out here in iraq i decided to try STACKER 2 XPLC to help refine myself . First off ... I 've been taking it 3 times a day for 4 days already heres what i feel . I have a mild headache throughout the day ... My body has a boiling blood sensation . It FEELS like its working the way its supposed to . I weighed in at 128lbs 4 days ago . I have lost 4 lbs in 4 days . I dont know from where though ... i dont see any noticable loss on my belly yet but im sure within the next month i will notice . I have n't lost ANY muscle mass . I have lost about 1/2 in on my waist however . Keep in mind my methods are rather HARSE . 1 hour of weights at the gym and 3 mile runs every other days . I also have been regulating my calorie intake to 1200 calories NOT COUNTING the calories i get from 3 serverings of No-Xplode Syntha 6 a day . I also eat 1 small breakfast , usually cereal w/skim milk and a hearty lunch , no fast foods . I will keep you updated
 It truly is a great value . You might pay more for a dark glass bottle , which would be great to store oils in , but you could also avoid light ruining your oil by storing it in a dark place . The fact that this is organic , I love . I am the type of person that does n't care so much anymore what I spend - I rather buy organic , buy less , and enjoy ten times more . I did n't receive this myself , but the person I sent it to as a gift absolutely loved it . WOO hoo ! It 's perfect for so many things - simple light moisturizing , it 's a great massage oil you can blend with essential oils , it 's great for lotion bases , so yeah .
 Great product in a nice large bottle . Good price for the quantity , packaged well . My wife is very happy with this !
 This stuff is very powdery and dissolves fast in liquid , unlike other creatines out there that I 've used . I ran out of my normal creatine one day and was forced to buy this MRM brand at a vitamin supplement shop . This stuff works very well and it 's probably one of the cheapest creatines out there . This is the brand that I use regularly now.I use creatine primarily for strength training , and not exclusively for bulking-up ... so I do n't know if this will bulk you up better than other creatines . One teaspoon of this right before a workout is sufficient for me . Taking 2 teaspoons a day seems to be wasteful IMO . If you take a teaspoon of this right before a hard workout , you should n't have sore muscles the next day .
 The product was as advertised . Seemed to contain the proper ingredient and was MADE in USA . Important to me . Do n't trust China supplements . No government or court system oversight . Be prepared to `` puff-up '' a little . Creatine does cause some bloating , but that is not unusual .
 I love this creatine . It breaks down quickly when taken , and you dont have to take alot of it , like many others.My bench is now 355lbs , it 's a graet healer
 The product seems to perform as stated . I have been using this product for several months and I am less sore between workouts . I have noticed a more `` chiseled '' look in muscle structure -- the only downside -- does not taste good when mixed with water ; but I mix it with my diet -LRB- sugarless -RRB- green tea and it tastes OK .
 Simply put , this creatine suppliment is the best I 've tried - it dissolves very easily in juice and does n't leave a lot of residue behind it . You ca n't beat the price on it and the company ships very fast .
 Bought this for our mother , who is a assisted care living facility.Everyone comments on the `` beautiful '' chair . It is a bargain for the money.The color & fabric are exceptional . One thing , when you sit in it -- it is a little stiff , so if you are expecting a soft seat this chair is not for you . Otherwise , we are very pleased .
 I purchased this chair for my 87-year-old aunt who has had two strokes and can no longer stand or sit without assistance . This chair is an excellent solution ! She loves it , and the family loves it . It is also beautifully upholstered and looks very nice in her sitting area .
 Gaia makes a consistent product , always fresh and reliable , and after trying many other similar blends , I have found this to be the best for me . In supplements some companies are better than others , and Gaia is one of the best . Their product will have the amount of extract as listed , always.I first learned about this product when a friend 's oncologist recommended it to her , as an adjunct to her western medical treatment.This is just a fantastic product . I am using it to treat my ferret for cancer . It does not seem to completely cure it , but seems to arrest its growth . Ferrets are very prone to certain sorts of cancer , and I have used this for five ferrets , for both insulinoma and adrenal sarcoma , with great results . All of them have lived a normal life expectancy , and passed away from other causes . I have recommended it to several other pet owners with similar results . As with all treatment , earlier is better . It is very safe , and I have never seen any side affects . Keep in mind that dosage on label is for average of 180 lbs . and divide accordingly , can be diluted with purified water if desired.I give 2 weeks on , one week off , in a cycle . During the week off I administer golden-seal root / echinacea blend . For my ferrets with adrenal disease I give melatonin drops added to each of the above dosages . Each dose is given 2X daily , mixed with a small amount of ferritone for palatability . Can be mixed with small amount of food , or soaked onto a dry treat.Having had opted for surgery on previous ferrets , only to have the cancer rapidly return , this is now my 1st line of defense , and administered at the 1st tell-tale sign of illness . I highly recommend it for anyone without access to a competent pet surgeon .
 NICE OVERALL , , , solve the purpose ... only thing . . just add some glue to the rubber ends of hammer , , else , it will falld own ... . otherwise , , stylish , and multifunction ... . and hey , you dont get that ` hammer and form combo ' . . thats just to keep in picture . . !!!
 Honey is a natural antiseptic due to its low moisture . Do not worry about using this product .
 I 've always had very sensitive teeth with little benefit from the various `` sensitive '' toothpastes on the market . Starting using this product a number of years ago -LRB- when still an Rx -RRB- and has worked better then anything else . My wife started using it recently with similar results .
 I do n't know if it was a coincidence or placebo effect , but my forgetfulness and inability to hold a conversation without au , au , au , a thousand times has greatly improved . Im like my old self again , sharp and witty , even remembering names . I thought about seeking medical help , and tried FF out of desperation , soo glad I did ! No problems sleeping like some reviewed . I take 4 pills a day and noticed a difference after two weeks ; no effect if I miss a day . It 's expensive but worth the cost for me , even if I had to give up coffee - the results are better . I do n't think it 's a cure all , but whatever was affecting me , it really helped , like night and day , ill take it for life if I have to . Give it a try , hope it helps you ...
 I cant say that my forgetfullness has improved , Im still absent-minded and have some difficulty focusing but I must say , I 've been taking only two pills every morning and my urge to lay down for a nap at 2pm is completly gone . I forgot to take it one day and slept for 3 hours on the couch which was a usual occurance before . I was hoping it would help me be less forgetful and keep my mind from racing , but I will keep taking it anyways because Im getting a lot more done everyday .
 I started using Focus Factor more than 5 years ago and stopped for a period of time because of the cost . When I stopped I realized I could n't think as well and found myself in a state of confusion at times . When I saw I could purchase Focus Factor on Amazon for a less expensive amount , I ordered it and started taking it once again . It was very helpful when a new computer system was offered at work . I am not the best on computers and it usually takes a little longer for me to absorb the information . Focus Factor kept my mind clear , did its job and I learned the new system quite well . Now I 'm ordering it again not only for myself but also for my boyfriend . Both of us are 70 yrs . young and we 're trying to keep it that way . There 's a lot to keep up with these days and with the help of Focus Factor , we 'll do just fine.Ernie MelingNorth Carolina
 I started taking this yesterday and am surprised by how well it works . For the first time in months I was able to sit down and really study . Maybe its placebo , but I do n't think so . It 's pricey , but worth it if you have a lot of exams to take . Does n't leave you jittery like no-dose or other products with a lot of caffeine .
 love focus factor , i used it for school and i can remember every thing i planed the day before . i had a bit more energy than i usually had , i remembered every thing i had to do threw out the day . my mind was very focused . i seen the reviews below and focus factor is not for all but is for people who have a really hard time paying attention . like your mind is a tv and it is constantly changing the channels when trying to pay attention . i am a intern for my teacher and i need to get things done in order to get my credit and certs . it works like their is no tomorrow . i bought a 2 pack and still using them .
 I have been using this product for a week and i can really notice a huge difference in focus and concentration.I sleep better , i dont feel as much presure and stress as i used to . . I ca n't believe how relaxed i feel in the last few days.I recomend it . It is good to take the dose as indicated on the bottle .
 My dentist insists that this is the only mouthwash worth using . I stopped using it for a time , and I was amazed at how many cavities I had at my next check-up . Since I 've reinstituted my nightly regimen , I 'm back to being cavity-free !
 I was delighted when I opened the package and saw this lighter . I wanted a Zippo that could be carried around in my pocket with loose change , a money clip , and other items which could mar the surface of a lighter . The random scratch pattern on the surface is actually quite attractive . Any minor `` new '' scratches will be completely invisible on this unit . The rest of the Zippos in my collection are `` collectables , '' and I want to keep them pristine , since the ones with logos and art work ARE in fact , works of art . Mechanically , all Zippos are pretty much identical . They light easily , and they are of such simple design , that they function flawlessly . I 've been collecting flint & fluid types of lighters since I was a kid in the 1950 's , and I have yet to have owned one that I could n't get to light . They are quite simply , too simple not to work ! If you have a flint loaded , and flick the thumbwheel and it produces a spark , and you have a half inch of lighter fluid soaked wick , it WILL light . It does n't have any choice ! It would even light with non-approved fuels , like naphtha based lantern fluid , or even gasoline -LRB- I learned this when I was a dumb kid -RRB- . I have a warning though
 To all the people complaining about it being scratched up and thinking its a `` display model '' ... Its called STREET chrome for a reason , any zippo will get scratched up over time in your pocket , this just beats you to the punch . also for those complaining about it not lighting ... 1 . It does n't ship with fuel in it and you have to buy it separately its just the law get used to it .2 . read up on proper use and maintenance of an item before you buy it.Other than that , this is a good lighter , its just not as user friendly as the disposable bic lighters , and you need a bit of common sense to get its full value . If you do n't feel like refueling and occasionally re-flinting/wicking your lighter this is n't for you .
 my humble opinion : i was gon na wait a few days and put up this review on the first of the month and complain that it did n't have fluid and that there was a sticker on it that left a bunch of glue that only a wizard that was trained in dark magic could remove . . oh ! and the scratches ... BUT , i figured i would have confused the slower folks . -LRB- get it ? - april 1st ? -RRB- * sigh * moving on > this is the deal of the century.an American made lighter with a lifetime guarantee shipped for free in 2 days -LRB- i have prime so you peasants ... should step aside . -RRB- for under 10 bucks ??? i must have stepped off the bus in Crazytown -LRB- nice place -RRB- . i would have bought 2 but why ? if i do n't lose it 1 will last a lifetime.-i love the build . it 's an engineers dream . super simple and super functional.-i love the finish -LRB- street chrome -RRB- . why ? because standard chrome is too slippery and the girlies need to think i have change in my pocket -LRB- i do n't -- i used it to buy a zippo -RRB- - i love the smell . c'mon guys ! admit it ! zippo fumes and wd-40 . . the best smells ever!ain ' t life great ? i submit that it is.my tips for a better zippo experience -LRB- take my advice at you own risk but this is what i do -RRB- - i keep it full but never overfull.i use only zippo or ronson fluids and flints.-i keep an extra flint under the felt and i only finger-tighten the flint screw-i dab an extremely small amount of superglue on the ends of the hinge pin to keep the pin from sliding out . the old sliding pin syndrome has shelved many a great zippo . it only takes a teeny little drop.too much and you 'll get glue in the pin and mess up your rig , so do n't do this unless you 're slick.thats what i do . it 's up to you if you want to.enjoy your lighter.i hope i helped .
 Zippos are the best lighters by far . They 're really reliable and i 've never had one break on me . Even if it did , there 's a lifetime warranty so i would n't need to worry about it . There is n't really much to say about this other than you ca n't beat it . Especially for $ 10 .
 I am a Chinese , this is my first time in the United States of America Amazon shopping , this is a pleasant shopping experience , let me feel the transnational shopping convenience . Of course , the lighter is also very good , affordable , simple and elegant , believe that we all need a lighter .
 This is a great product , its long history says far more than I ever could . This item will sit in my pocket for a long time . I do not smoke but I do like playing with lighters and find it useful to have one around similar to my Swiss Army knife . It does run out of fluid weekly , but that takes about 2 minutes or less to remedy . Love it ! ** DOES NOT COME WITH FLUID ** Do n't rate poorly because it does n't . If they had fluid in them while shipping they would become small bombs . It is easy to find fluid local drug stores have it . ** DOES NOT COME WITH FLUID **
 ok , i have seen alot of low rating reviews on almost every zippo , complaining about things like
 I was super excited when I ordered the &#34; Zippo Street Chrome &#34; lighter for my son , because the item ad stated that it used &#34; Butane &#34; fuel , and I love the cleaner burn of it over the traditional &#34; Lighter Fluid &#34; . Well , the box arrived in less than 2 days , which was great , but when I opened the lighter & discovered that it in fact used lighter fluid my excitement diminished :-LRB- I had specifically searched for &#34; Butane Lighters &#34; and this lighter showed up & clearly states fuel type as butane , so beware of these errors in product description.Other than my disappointment with the fuel issue , overall the lighter is a great quality , works great & most importantly , my son loves it !!!!!
 they work just like every zippo i ever had no problems i would recomend this and the price was right
 What can i say it 's a zippo , there perfect lighters , i would recommend this to anyone who wants a reliable lighter .
 This just ca n't be beat for the price . I know there are other lighters , even other zippos , out there . I do n't need fancy designs or flashy logos . Clean . Simple . Reliable.Great lighter .
 I gave this lighter 5 stars because it does nuthing less than what it should . And yes there is scratches , the picture clearly shows them so do n't be supprised .
 Fun gift for my teen . Not one of the more expensive lighters ... but it looked great and seems to holding up to teen use -- ie trying different lighter tricks ... no smoking .
 after a bit of searching found fuel at the hardware store.other lighters left in the cold car do n't flame , no problem with this bad boy
 This is a classic lighter , delivered as expected . It is a model that has stood the test of time . Open it new in the box , poor in a little fluid and crank the spark for a light . it 's that simple , it 's that reliable . AWESOME American product
 love the lighter , it works great , it looks great . i would suggets it to anybody . do n't forget to buy fluid to fill the lighter with
 I was very happy when I recieved this zippo so quickly ! it 's very beautiful and my father very likes it !
 After using this lighter multible times I feel it is reliable and it can withstand a beating too . works excellent
 This is an attractive and functional basic Zippo lighter . It has it 's functions and is better at some things and not so good at others -LRB- like lighting cigars . The fluid can give you an awkward flavor blast -RRB- , but when you need a lighter that just lights and looks good doing it , Zippo is your friend . Did I mention it 's a Zippo ? ` Nuff said .
 The Zippo comes in a small official box which looks nice and has safety information in it . It 's official , it works well , and it has a sticker on it that says $ 15 so obviously this is a good price
 I have been using Zippo lighters for many years and have owned 20 or 30 in my lifetime . Never have I used a more perfect means for lighting up . The best part it is and has always been made in the USA . I will never use a disposeable . Zippo is the best by far .
 For less than 50 % of the price at the local drug store , a working zippo with groovy finish . I would say I 'd buy again , but that would imply I 'd need to buy again ... which i wont .
 this lighter is very good except my wick doesnt want to be pulled out whenever i use plyers to pull it out the wick just breaks but the seller is easy to buy from and it came fast
 Ok to start off with ... This is awesome , because you can paint , customize , or personalize it which ever way you want because it 's plain chrome . Also it 's very realizable and is windproof .
 I have heard how reliable Zippo lighters are so I purchased the kit that had the street chrome lighter , fluid , and extra flints . I am very impressed with the quality and it lights every time . It is n't terribly windproof but compared to some other `` windproof '' ones it surpasses other brands . I like the street chrome because I actually use the lighter for backpacking , fishing trips , etc. and do not have to worry about banging up the outside . I like it enough that I 'm buying more for groomsmen for an up-coming wedding !
 There 's not much to say in a Zippo product review . The lighter works just like a lighter is suppose to . The price is right , too .
 so the delivery took a lot longer than needed , but the lighter itself is pretty awesome ! the street chrome finish is nice because you dont see finger smudges and doesnt scratch as easy as a regular chrome lighter would . functions like any other zippo lighter , perfectly , is easy to light , and fun to use ! would reccomend this kind of lighter if your looking for simplicity or something that wont scratch easy , but wouldnt suggest it if you want it quick
 the product was great but i could have used some informaton about dementions of the lighter and weather or not it came with the flint and wicks . other than that , this is a great investment and im proud to own a zippo .
 Got this in the mail today along with 4oz of Zippo fluid and 3 packs each of flints and wicks . The lighter has a wick and flint in it already but has no fluid for obvious reasons . It 's already got that `` used '' look to it -LRB- which I enjoy -RRB- so there is no harm in throwing it around in your pocket with change and whatnot . It lights on the first flick of the wheel almost every time and the fluid lasts a long time . DO NOT OVER FILL ! If fluid drips out of either the top of the unit or spills out the filling end , you will have to wait for it to evaporate , otherwise when you flick your Zippo on the entire thing will burst into flames and you will most likely drop it . This has not happened to me but it is definitely possible . Remember this is n't a disposable lighter and it requires maintenance . You need to refill it , and replace the flints or wicks every so often , but it is a very nice lighter . Great for your money , and it 's made in the USA like they always have been . Despite popular disbelief , this is a legit Zippo from Bradford Pennsylvania . I do n't actually smoke but I love these little things . A friend of mine uses Ronsonol -LRB- yellow-bottled lighter fluid commonly found at grocery stores -RRB- . Highly recommend this product .
 So this lighter arrived a day early which is a very good start . I opened up the box and got the lighter . You will notice there is a sticker on the side which prohibits the lighter from being opened , if you remove you will find a sticky residue , now do n't worry it comes of with alcohol -LRB- not Jack Daniels -RRB- easily . it looks used which is part of the Street Chrome model . Its hinge was a little loose but I did n't mind , the warranty will cover it . It is such a great little lighter and I highly recommend it !
 I bought this to trade out the insert into one of my nicer higher end Zippos since its getting old . I was surprised how nice the finish was considering its a low-end Zippo .
 I do n't smoke , that being said i do need a flame from time to time , and while i COULD Walk around with a fire starter or one of those long range ` Clicker ' grill starters , people tend to look at you funny when you do ... but carry around a Zippo lighter and it 's just another day at the officer ...
 Great zippo , I use it for tricks and lighting up cigarettes . Do n't listen to other bad reviews the street chrome finish is supposed to look scratched up like it was worn .
 This lighter is a on brand zippo . Also very sturdy and windproof . great deal . I got it within 3 days of ordering it on amazon .
 Lighters are an essential tool for any smoker , Outstanding service , good quality , good price , great lighter , very satisfied , very recommended A + + + Thanks !
 i bought this lighter a few weeks ago for tricks , and it works very well ! This is a great lighter with a very cool design !
 what more do you want other than that . history has shown that these are great lighters . Plus the scratchy effect makes you not care about having it with you because its not like a collectable that you never want any scratches on . it just blends in if you do get any . all in all , go for it
 The item came very quickly and was exactly as described . It was packed very well and in brand new . Ca n't go wrong with a zippo !
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT , EXCELLENT QUALITY , IS A CLASSIC , IS AN AMERICAN LIGHTER . THE SERVICE WAS EFFECTIVE AND FAST AND THE PRICE VERY LOW . THANKS
 Purchased the lighter for my grandson for Chritmas . He loves it . Zippo has always made a very good product . Have had zippo lighers before , and always satisfied with them . Amazon is speedy in delivering products . Was surprised ligter was here in just a couple of days .
 The lighter came in a bit scratched up , but I think this is because if it was a chrome mirror finish it would be worse . Lighter does what I wanted to ... light things on fire lol .
 its nice for what it is its still shiney but scuffed up so you dont really have to worry about it getting scratched i wish it came will a lil bit of fuel but its still a good buy
 got mine in the mail yesterday . the finish looks sleek the hinge has a good weld and the internals are brand new . it comes with a wick and a single flint both already in it . the only bad thing is that it doesnt come with fuel . thats understandable tho . i ran out to my local gander mountain to grab some zippo fuel but they DONT stock zippo fuel so i ended up ordering online and need to pay for expensive sipping .
 I have recently purchased a Zippo lighter from Amazon.com . The only complaint i have about said lighter is it comes with no fuel . Please be sure to buy yourself some zippo lighter fuel or any lighter fuel will work . However DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES use Butane or Gasoline for u could damage your zippo and possibly injure yourself .
 I must have got a used one because it has hundreds of little scratches all over it . I do n't understand.Update
 It is a Zippo lighter . That should be enough of a review by itself . It is a dependable lighter , works as expected .
 It is a real zippo . I love it , It is useful and cheap . I will give my friend as a good gift . So I think it is value for money .
 Had a Zippo when I was a kid , & loved it . Went without for decades , then decided to buy this one . This thing works even better than I remembered . In still winds , generates a nice big tall flame , and of course you need some awfully gusty wind to blow the flame out . Quasi-brushed finish on the jacket makes it perfect for carrying in your pocket
 this zippo is great and its system is new i mean whick , flint , and so on . they are new all . it works great . sorry for my bad english but i recomend you to buy this item . P.S in my country this Zippo Street Chrome coasts 65 $ : D
 Very nice looking and works to perfection just like every Zippo I have ever owned . There are n't many products around that are still as good as they were 40 or 50 years ago !!!
 Bought it as a cigarette lighter . Works as i wanted it . Nothing much more to say was clean nothing wrong with it when i got it . I am trying to think more what to say about it . If your looking to buy it just as a pocket lighter do it .
 Great lighter for the price . The street chrome lighter has a `` scratched '' appearance to it -LRB- which is what I was looking for -RRB- . It gives it a used , `` weathered '' appearance , but still looks nice . I am a pack a day smoker and have always used Bic lighters , but decided to give a Zippo a try . Aside from the fact that I have to refill the lighter about once a week , I have thoroughly enjoyed it ! I love the classic Zippo click sound when you open and close it . One thing I discovered that is a plus , is that the wick is actually a couple of inches long , so when you need `` new '' wick , all you have to do is take a pair of needle nose pliers and pull the wick up to the desired height , and then trim it . I have been using this everyday for almost a month , and have not have to pull more wick through or had to replace the flint yet . One safety note
 This is my first zippo . from what i have looked up on youtube it seems to be a real one and not a knock-off .
 i do find the felt a bit harder to lift up to fill than my other zippo , but its not a big deal . also , the finish is very scratched looking , makes it look more used , i like it , doesnt show wear and tear as much . for thhose of you who dont like it its a zippo , know what your getting , the method of it goes back for like 80 years , its how lighters all used to be . also , changing the wick in this piece is really flippin annoying
 This is a very cool zippo lighter , it has a really nice silver , scratch type pattern finish . Does n't come with fuel in it already , as it ca n't be shipped that way , but does already have a full wick and flint inside . Great product , for a great price .
 I must say i love this lighter in came in two days.it came perfect but it didnt have any fluid inside wich kinda bad but overall it was a good purchase .
 Great lighter , hell zippo is synonymous with the idea of wick lighters.That said for those transitioning from gas lighters to wick , beware :1 -RRB- these bad boys run out of fluid alot because they burn fast and some gas is bound to evaporate off the wick2 -RRB- when you 're gassing the lighter , be careful not to let the lighter fluid wet the flint , or it wont work and you 'll need to replace it . overfilling the lighter can saturate the cotton inside and allow lighter fluid to leek out the wick , so be careful.Anyway these things are classy and I recommend them
 Zippo lighter for ten bucks ? I 'll take two . I bought these for my groomsmen and I 'm sure they 'll love them . I like that they are n't just plain too . Overall I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I love this lighter . it light my cigars without a problem . Only thing is you have to buy the butane separately . I reccoment going to a store and getting the fluid cause shipping is ridiculous on line . i paid over $ 6 for the fluid . Dumb move on my part . i do recommend this lighter . $ 9 and it will last a long time . Ca n't beat a Zippo !
 I 've used a Zippo lighter for many years . My current one is about 35 years old . They work forever , are rugged , have cheap consumable parts -LRB- fluid , flint , wick -RRB- . Wick will last years , flints quite a while . Fluid needs refilling fairly often . My last bottle of fluid -LRB- Ronsonal -- same company as Zippo now -RRB- was under 2.00 at WalMart.You know , with tight suits , skinny ties and the `` Don Draper '' look coming back , this is just the lighter for you . Even if you do n't smoke -LRB- I do n't -RRB- . I use mine to light other stuff -LRB- handwarmer , candles , gas grill , etc. -RRB- but you youngsters with the 60 's attire can use them to light cigarettes for other people while you are out drinking martinis . How cool is that ?
 This zippo lighter works well -LRB- works under rain , windy condition -RRB- , but the only downside is that you need to buy your oil for it . Which was disappointing . But overall it 's a great lighter and great purchase .
 I like the lighter . It came in a neat little box . It arrived before expected . Now i use it for everything , and i dont smoke . PROS
 I always wondered if a Zippo lighter would live up to my expectations . Mine certainly does.The street chrome finish is great , wo n't show any scratches .
 Classic zippo with the classic design . This is the real basic metallic one . Got ta buy flint , wick , and oil because they do run out after constant use . I used it for light camp fires and all that fun stuff . Windproof as claimed unless you 're in a blizzard or you try to blow it out like a candle lol . Smooth finish , maintain as needed . One con though i hate how the lid of allll my zippos tilt to the side a little , its not a big deal , its like a OCD thing for me . Any questions , or tips for me leave a comment ill try to respond !
 Well its definitely an amazing lighter !!!! Except for that it doesnt light until you buy fluid -LRB- more than lighter price -RRB- $ 10 :-LRB- great buy but dont forget fluid !!!!!
 it is a great lighter for all the people who are like omg it didnt come with fuel or flints shut up u should of done some reaserch and it was avertised as scratch and awsome for tricks
 I got this zippo yesterday and as soon as opend it up I was surprised how small it is . But I got used to it , I bought it because it was really cheap and I want to do tricks with it . I will deffinatly buy another one in a month or two because they are awsome . And it came 10 days early !!
 Authentic Zippo . Easy to fill up . Easy to maintain . Works pretty much anywhere . No complaints . Going to look at getting a handwarmer zippo gadget now .
 Zippo is the best company , Very good lighter it has a lifetime guarantee its great , best item ever evre erve evre ever
 Nice lighter , great weight in the hand . Works a lots better than those bic lighters , no comparison with the quality . Works with no hassle .
 Everything you expect from a zippo lighter , and I love the scratched look . It makes it look nice and well used . Love it .
 The expectation for a Zippo lighter is that it works every time , any conditions.It is ALWAYS reliable and never disappoints !
 I bought this as a gift for my brother to add to his disaster prepareness kit . Classic Zippo , the chrome finish looks great .
 It came quick and easy along with my Black Matte One . I prefer the textured designed ones just because they do n't leave fingerprints but do n't be mistaken , Its Brand New and very smooth and shiny . I could 've gotten a Black Ebony instead of Matte but that would leave fingerprints . I want to start a collection of non shiny/plain Zippos . Candy Apple Red , Meadow , Cerulean , and Gold Dust . These all have textured designs so they all fit in together.I would recommend any zippo for any reason . It 's a hassle always buying disposable lighters over and over and they 're not even flashy.Anyways once I received it , I did a few tricks , put in some fluid and done ! All working and in one piece , Easy!Camping , Smoking , Casual use , does n't matter . It does n't hurt to have one . -LRB- Please Purchase Fluid ! it does not come with fluid and DO N'T COMPLAIN ! And fluid is also subject to evaporation so you probably need to refill it once or twice a month depending on how much you use it . -RRB-
 My girlfriend and I ordered these as cheap Christmas presents and had them engraved at our local shop . Everyone loves a Zippo with their &#34; call name &#34; on it ! Do the same and watch your buddies faces light up . Even the guys that do n't smoke loved getting something with their nickname on it !
 This is an excellent quality product ! I bought it to replace one that I lost while trying to light the headquarters of Chase Bank on fire . This one should finish the job ... MUAH HA HA HA HA !!!
 great zippo works awesome was delivered fast too , if you order this make sure you have some zippo fuel handy because it comes empty : -RRB-
 great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellent the best quality great excellenthnksarrived on time in perfect conditionsgreat
 Seems to run out fairly quick , even with minimal use . Though it is rumored you can almost always get one last strike out of it by shaking it upside down and tapping the bottom -LRB- while it is closed -RRB- .
 One awesome product . The original thing . NOTE THAT THIS DOES NOT COME WITH THE LIGHTER FLUID . So make sure u purchase the lighter fluid together with this . Came in on time .
 I purchased this zippo because I liked the scratched look on the photos.But the actual product is not quite like that . It has a glossy finish.I 'd prefer it was more textured , so it wo n't slip easily from my hand while doing the tricks.Anyway , I ca n't complain because of its unbeatable price.P.S . Any suggestion on how to make it more textured or for other textured zippo models , is very much appreciated .
 I bought two of these lighters for 10 dollars a piece . They are 19.90 at walgreens . These are genuine zippo lighters made in America ! They ship without lighter fluid because itis illegal . Go to the store and get some zippo fluid and you are good to go .
 Like a said before , `` Hello , it 's a zippo ! `` What else need be said ? It works well as can be , and the fuel for it is not very expensive . It would qualify as `` inexpensive '' I would say ! I would recommend `` Ronsonal '' lighter fluid for this , and all Zippo lighters . There are many other Zippo models , but for as far as I can tell , they are all the same , in terms of there working , and dependability , all around , as a great lighter . Plus , hello , they are warenteed for life !
 I bought this for my boyfriend after the other personalized one was stolen . -LRB- it was a one of a kind wiley e coyote pic on it -RRB- For the price of this engraved Zippo it really is a great deal ! Someone will look pretty dumb holding a zippo saying , ` this zippo belongs to Stanley XXXX III , the best ever dad , boyfriend , and friend . ' He loves it !
 This lighter is n't a cheap knock-off , but instead is a genuine Zippo pocket lighter . It comes in the Zippo box and everything . It works flawlessly , all you need to do is add lighter fluid into the base and you 're good to go . I would recommend investing in some spare Zippo flint and some extra length of wick , as the wick and flint will eventually need replacing . The lighter is guaranteed for life and for around ten dollars is a great deal !
 The first thing your going to notice is that it has no fluid so now you need fluid a can probably for 4 dollars USD and people they call it street chrome for a reason its not perfectly shiny but its somthing you dont have to constantly maintenance to clean.Over all good zippo
 I bought 5 of these lighters to use as groomsmen gifts for my wedding and they were a huge success . The lighters got here in great time , faster than the expected delivery date and they were in great shape and condition . Thnaks so much
 It is a pretty good lighter . This is my first one so I am not up to date on Zippo 's . I just got this one to fool around with , and smoke cigars , and it works great . It slides out of the case a little bit after about 20 strikes . But that is n't that big of a deal . The lighter fluid evaporates so use the fluid within 1 week-1 week and a half ! The 4 OZ Zippo lighter fluid product will refill it about 8 times or more so it will last your 2 months or so -LRB- Sold Separately -RRB- . Be sure to buy lighter fluid before you purchase this item , it does NOT come with lighter fluid -LRB- why would it ??? -RRB- . This lighter is not a cheapy Bic , or disposable lighter , it is a lighter that can be used for 10 or even 20 years -LRB- with replacements of flints , wicks , and fluid of course -RRB- . The wicks will last about 5 years -LRB- there is more in there then you can see , mostly folded in the Rayon balls , a synthetic cotton -RRB- . The flints need to be replaces about every 2 weeks depending on how much you use it . And like I stated before , the fluid needs to be replaced every week . But it is a good lighter ! I recommend it.Fast shipping -LRB- as always with amazon -RRB- . Great products , never have defected items.BUY IT
 I have had this lighter for along time , it works really well , also street crome means it is suppose to be scratched when you get it . thats was for everyone who said it was scratched when they got it . and so back to the lighter , i decided to do a review on it for youtube its titled my first zippo , if you are looking for a great starter zippo that doesnt cost much its right hereZippo Brushed Chrome Pocket Lighter
 I think I lost my Zippo last week when I went out to blow up some fireworks , but I love this thing ! It runs out of fuel if you just let it sit for awhile though ... But other than that , this thing is great ! I bought this thing mainly because it 's a classic that I believe everyone should have , and it is windproof .
 the lighter 's alright . it came as advertised . just make sure you have flints and lighter fluid ready cause without them the lighter 's useless . would 've gave it 5 stars but the fluid evaporates rather quickly and needs to be refilled almost weekly , especially if you use it often .
 Exactly what I wanted . Lighter is in great shape and works perfectly . Very happy with my purchase and shipping was very fast .
 The lighter was all scratched up and used when I received it . Not the quality I was hoping for . Will not be buying again . * update * I guess that was how the look was meant to be ? HA , my bad . My apologies , in that case then the lighter was in the condition promised . Changed my review .
 I suppose this is my fault for not reading reviews before purchasing the item , but nevertheless , there was no fuel in the lighter when I received it . I should have read and found this out prior to purchasing it , and also bought lighter fluid . The product is as advertised , an OEM Zippo lighter , and has the look and feel of a high class lighter . I would recommend this to anyone who is a little careless , and wants to keep this lighter in a pocket with keys and such , due to the brushed exterior of the product . The seller delivered on time , and I would buy from them again .
 it is a really cool lighter but if you dont smoke then its probaley not the best lighter the fluid leaks and within 3 weeks it will be empty and also needs alot of maintence i would buy a butane insert for it or just use a bic lighter and case . - bryce
 It is the ideal one I wan na to buy . in decent condition and pretty container .
 this lighter is awesome . i love it really cool . a must buy if you like cool lighters
 Had one since I was a kid . Started many campfires with it . Then it became good for lighting bonfires at the beach . Now , I light cigarettes for the ladies.Got a little one in your life . Makes a great gift . Kids love getting anything that is real , as opposed to the toy version . Like a real set of tools . Or a real Maglite . Try a real Red Ryder BB Gun . It makes them feel all grown up . They can brag about it & show it off to all their friends . Your little 8 year old will have hours of fun with this .
 This is exactly what I ordered ; a chrome Zippo . It came in pristine condition , promptly . Not a knock off . Not used . Still sealed in OEM box .
 This lighter is a great lighter made by the best company for lighters everyone who says it has scratches and stuff on it and its bad quality and it did not come with fuel dont know anything about lighter dont listen to them This lighter is called street chrome its suppose to be scratched looking its helps keep of fingerprints and for the people complying about no fuel in it if they ship it with fuel in they will be in big trouble because its fumes are flammable and you cant have fumes coming out of while shipping because that would be bad and the people complaining about quality since its made by Zippo they have a free repair policy for anything that is wrong with their products and will repair or replace your lighter for free so if there is a problem send it in instead of making it look like this great companies lighters are bad if they were not good lighters they would not still be in business since the 30 's .
 Seller gave excellent service , i.e. the product arrived quickly and in brand new condition as promised.This is a great lighter , brand new yet you own a piece of history in your hands . It was/is in perfect shape , and lit up right out of the box , after putting in fuel , as they come delivered empty . I do n't smoke and have no plans to start , but as I posted in a previous review , a `` man '' should carry a lighter . This is a bit larger than my other zippo , a slimline version , but otherwise exactly the same.These lighters take a bit more work than average . You might think of it as driving a stick shift verse a manual . On the flip side they are much cooler , and much more reliable . The price , even with shipping is way below retail.I would highly recommend this to anyone who feels the need to carry a lighter , smoker or not . They are fun to play with at the very least , and single men , ladies really do love it . Do n't be a loser with a 99 cent bic ! This lighter is great for women too , you 're liberated and do n't really need a man to light that cigarette after all , but please , if a nice guy like me offers , indulge us .
 This is probably the most `` basic '' Zippo lighter you can get ... just simple chrome , no logos or designs or matte finish . But thats what I wanted . Quality seems really good thus far , and so far no complaints . Definately would recommend this if your looking for a simple lighter that will last a long time.I dont know why there are some negative reviews about the `` finish '' . The `` street chrome '' is supposed to have all those tiny scratches . And also a note , they do not come pre-filled .
 This is just a Zippo , and Zippo 's are always that perfect . I really like the Street Chrome surface , because I do n't really need to worry about scratch it as I did to the Black Ice one , and the lighter is durable , flame is strong and feels great in the hand as always .
 Very stylish . I liked the brushed finish because then you do n't have to worry about it getting scratched . A very good value . Also a very sturdy lighter .
 I bought one of these in 1964 while I was in Air Force basic training for about $ 5 . It had been a dear friend for many years . It provided great service until 1996 when it was lost out of a jacket pocket . It had been back to Zippo a few times for repair , mostly worn out hinges or hinge pins . Each time the lighter was repaired free and returned with new guts installed . The finish is not gauranteed and mine had been used so long that most of the chrome was worn off around the edges and some in the middle of the case . I found this wear to be sort of a record and history of all the places it had been with me . I was heart broken at it 's loss.It was definitely the most valued $ 5 I have ever spent . I just purchased several for gifts for my sons . I hope they will appreciate the longevity and quality I have enjoyed .
 This Zippo is not the most flashy or creative , yes . However it is a great Zippo for someone who has never had one before . It looks great and the `` already scratched '' look means it wont look bad if you manage to scratch it . I actually dropped it trying to do `` Zippo tricks '' and the case bent a little bit -LRB- dropped on a tile floor -RRB- but I sent it in and within 2 weeks my Zippo was back fixed up and it did n't cost me a dime.I highly recommend this !
 This lighter is awesome !! I believe I paid nine dollars & forty-nine cents with free shipping ... how can you go wrong ? If you include the extras that I bought -LRB- flints , wick and fluid -RRB- , I paid about eighteen dollars total ... which is still less than the cheapest Zippo I 've seen in the case at my local gas station ! NOTE
 I thought it might be a bit cheap since it was priced at $ 7 . However , it is still elegant.Thank you for the good price .
 If you 've used a Zippo , then there 's not much to say . It 's one of least expensive Zippos I 've seen , but performs as well as the others . The brushed chrome is n't flashy , but it hides prints and scratches .
 I do n't smoke -LRB- true ! -RRB- at all , but buying this was really handy since friends do , and also its pretty cool to practice the many tricks out there for these little guys.I have two other ` fancier ' Zippos , but this is my everyday , go to , lighter since it has the ` roughed ' up look already , and is simple enough to warrant engraving to make it look even better.The price is also amazing . Got this guy for $ 7 even , and did n't look back .
 nice finish . zippo makes the best even at an entry low pricepoint.flame is good and i perfer over the decorated ones
 What else can you say ? It works , and it never disappoints . Classic Zippo performance and you know it 'll be there for you when you need it .
 Received this order very quickly . Very nice lighter . It was in perfect condition came in a Zippo box with the guarantee and all . I recommend this lighter to anyone who likes Zippo it was a great price and it can be engraved .
 I 'm not a smoker , primarily just a pyro ... lol . I always wanted a zippo , and I freaked out one day because I could n't find any matches to start a fire in my wood stove ... so I decided I needed a lighter , and what better than a zippo!A week later , filled it up with zippo fluid and it works like a charm .
 Very good quality , nice sound &#65292; better than what shown in picture , nice color , it is much more cheaper than in Australia .
 I just bought as a normal lighter , not for collection . It function good and hard to lose or forgot . Love it
 variois I have these and are the best . not paid so easy . this product is an eternal lifetime . This is simple for everyday use .
 ZIPPO - what more do I need to say . Great price , excellent product . Works every time . Very handy to have even if I do n't smoke . Many other uses .
 Best price I have ever found a nice looking real Zippo lighter , and it has a nice weight too . It holds about the same amount of fluid as a more expensive Zippo , and it 's so pretty !
 Genuin zippo lighters are great and last really well along with being easy to use and constructed well.Zippo lighters come with a wick and flint already installed no matter what type you buy but no zippo will ever be pre filled as it is unsafe.The refill flints , wicks and fuel are readily available from many sources and using genuine zippo products help to ensure the lighter last and keep clean.The price of genuine zippo lighters vairys depending on the outside shell but basic silver plain types like this are an average price though they can be found cheaper.Genuin zippo lighters are stamped on the base and ther are many generic products out there but if you use genuine zippo products you shouldnt be dissapointed with the quantity.The working parts as in the pull out insert part are lfetime gauranteed along with at times the hinges however the case say if it is scratched up is not covered at all .
 Zippo is King of retro cool . This lighter just works ... no issues , no hassle , no problems . The street chrome is version is a classic Zippo look and the styling is timeless . My only problem is trying to keep my friends from stealing it !
 This thing is around $ 20 at the local store so this was a great deal and the lighter is amazing as well .
 This is an amazing lighter realiable and sexy with that old vintage classic look ! Buy it and you wont reget it
 This lighters moderate size proves to fit comfortably into your pocket . It holds it 's fuel in very well and is fun just to flip open and play with . It 's also a great price for a Zippo . The only thing I dislike about it is that it does n't look a lot like in the picture , but instead looks used with its outer shell scratched -LRB- which is what street crome means I guesse -RRB- .
 great price and qualitygreat price and quality.They are good looking and great qualities.I will use them as gifts for my friends.good luck.Hope have a better case for them next time
 Well described . Arrived on time . Have n't gotten my fluid from a different seller so I have n't tried it , but I expect it will be fine because it is a Zippo after all .
 This low cost Zippo works perfectly and as well as any of them . The finish is very forgiving , it does n't show fingerprints or scratches like the smooth finish Zippos do .
 Great Basic lighter . I keep it in with my camping gear . Just needed one I could count on , yet not cost me a fortune . This one fit the bill . Great little lighter , with all the tried and true zippo mechanics . starts every time just like it should .
 I bought this as a gift for one of my relatives . He absolutely loved it and I loved the price :-RRB- Win-Win !
 los encendedores estan en muy buen estado y muy chevere aunque lo unico esque no tenian aunquesea un poquito de gas para aunque sea se enciendan
 I like it . it is special . I hope it can be more cheap . haha . I will recommand my friends to buy it .
 I bought this lighter for $ 7.08 and could n't be happier . It is an official Zippo lighter . It does it 's job and does it well . Retail for this lighter is $ 14.99 -LRB- as the sticker implied -RRB- , so I definitely feel like I got a good deal . As previously mentioned by other reviewers it does not come with any lighter fluid in , but does come with a full flint . Highly recommended as I did n't want to have a shiny polish that would eventually end up getting scratched .
 I 'm a non-smoker , so I do n't know how it performs in that respect , but I take this camping alot . It 's a great survival lighter . It 's very rugged and tough . It 's a great American Product .
 i couldnt find a zippo cheaper and its just like any other zippo just with a street chrome design which still isnt all that bad
 Great product . Everything came one time and in one piece . Case was a bit dented , but no real problems . Overall a great buy .
 I have several Zippo lighters , and it is nice to get one that is a little less ostentatious . Not that I do n't like my flashier lighters , but this is a simple yet beautiful design that I enjoy thoroughly . Also this lighter is difficult to visibly scratch . I have had other Zippos in the past that have been scratched -LRB- one with a matte finish and one with a more elaborate design -RRB- , but this one can be transported even haphazardly and will not be visibly damaged . Apart from appearances , it is a Zippo , and works as well as one should .
 This lighter is definitely worth the price . It 's not anything fancy - but it 's not supposed to be . It came in good condition and seems very durable . Plus , you ca n't beat the lifetime warranty . I definitely recommend this , especially if this is your first time buying a zippo .
 This was my first lighter I would like to point out and the lighter is good but when I bought from a certain seller , it took 14 days in counting and that put me in a bad mood but overall , it 's good .
 Great , cheap lighter . The finish is n't the nicest , but it 's good because you do n't have to worry about scratches or it getting tossed around a bit . The hinge on my is just a tad loose , though .
 This is a great lighter . And You ca n't beat the price . The lighter is originally 15 $ and 12 $ beats that . Even by 3 $ . Free shipping was amazing , especially being 1 day early :-RRB- I highly recommend this to anyone , for collecting ; smoking ; or just to show off .
 Are you a smoker ? Then this is a must buy . I love the `` click '' sound of this every time I light .
 Heck , who has n't heard of K-Y Jelly ? K-Y brand has been in the lubricant field since 1917 ! But , K-Y Liquid is a newer product . It is thinner than K-Y Jelly , and pours from a bottle -LRB- rather than being squeezed from a tube -RRB- . K-Y Warming Liquid has a certain something in it that causes it to give a mild warming feeling on contact - this can be quite nice if you are prone to feeling cold , as I am.Overall , I found this to be a pretty good lubricant , and I liked the warming properties . Now , among its ingredients is `` Acacia Honey , '' and some people say that it is more likely to cause a yeast infection than regular water-based lubricants . I have n't heard one way or another from anyone authoritative , and have n't experienced a yeast infection since I started using it , but you might want to keep that in mind . The worst downside to me , though , is the taste . If you use this stuff , and then get it into your mouth , you will find it to have an odd , bitter taste that is probably the ingredient trying to `` warm '' your tongue.So , I would say that this is a pretty good lubricant , one with a bad taste . So , if you are considering using this lubricant , you will have to decide if the balance of positives to negatives is worth it or not . Overall , I like it.FYI
 I 've been using this product in my massage therapy practice for the past year , and my clients LOVE it . It 's not to be used all over , but is especially effective with deep tissue work in problem areas . I highly recommend !
 I was introduced to this product by my chiropractor . I had been suffering from constant lower back pain due to improperly lifting heavy lawn bags filled with grass clippings . My chiropractor applied it just once and I was pain free by the next day . I ordered this bottle for my husband who recently had rotator cuff surgery and suffers from constant shoulder pain . He says Prossage works better than any of the other products he had been using .
 I have been using Prossage in my massage practice since I discovered it a couple of years ago . In addition to using it during therapy sessions , I also recommend it to my clients to use between sessions to reliever pain and soreness . Amazon had the best price and it was delivered on time as promised in good condition .
 The heat is nice , and the strong smell can clear out your sinuses at the same time .
 I was introduced to Prossage and Freeze by my friend who is attending the Ayurveda School in Nevada City . This has helpedquiet and soothe peripheral nerve pain on my family member . Also helps with sleep .
 I went to a message therapist recommended by my doctor to relieve the knots in my right shoulder and neck . She used Prossage as a part of her message and I could feel its deep heat penetration . As a result I purchased some for home and use it every time my neck begins to hurt . It works quite well and does not have much of an odor .
 This is a fantastic product to use when you have sore muscles . I am runner , cyclist and I strength train . This product has been the best I have found . Put it on sore muscles before you go to bed .
 I LOVE prossage heat ! It works great for deep tissue and just over-all good for sore , tight , aching muscles .
 Helps with sore muscles , the feel is great , the smell is pleasant.Easy to use and spread does not stain or bother , Good product .
 This product is the best I 've found so far . I Mixed some with plain oil and worked wonderful . A little added heats up muscles and it smells so good . I will buy again .
 I suffer from severe neck and shoulder pain and purchased this basedon my physiotherapist 's recommendation.Pleasing heat when you apply and does help to relieve the pain .
 If you do Myofascial work , or deep tissue this is the only product to use ! This is the only product I use in my office .
 Bought this for our mother , who is a assisted care living facility.Everyone comments on the `` beautiful '' chair . It is a bargain for the money.The color & fabric are exceptional . One thing , when you sit in it -- it is a little stiff , so if you are expecting a soft seat this chair is not for you . Otherwise , we are very pleased .
 I purchased this chair for my 87-year-old aunt who has had two strokes and can no longer stand or sit without assistance . This chair is an excellent solution ! She loves it , and the family loves it . It is also beautifully upholstered and looks very nice in her sitting area .
 I really like this sunscreen . It 's gentle enough to use on my face as well as on my body , and works very well.Darned shame that it was discontinued .
 Due to some strange combination of genetics and ethnicity , I 've been shaving since junior high , i.e. , about 34 years now , and it goes without saying that it 's become a chore . Occasionally , depending on my schedule , my Mediterranean swarth -LRB- I 'm half Italian -RRB- requires a twice-daily pruning , which holds about the same appeal for me as listening to those `` American Idol '' kids ' endearingly bad grabs for the brass ring . While Gillette 's shaving gel ca n't do anything about reversing my hirsuteness , it does make shaving a whole lot easier to take -LRB- I 'll stop short of using the term `` enjoyable '' -RRB- . A very small dollop of this stuff produces much more foam than needed and it goes on easy , conditions and lubricates the skin , and smells great . I 've tried about every shaving product out there , both foam and gel , and this one is as dependable as the tides . Highly and unqualifyingly recommended .
 My son always has me order this product for him , as he has very fair , sensitive skin . The aloe enriched formula allows him to get a close shave without undue facial irritation , leaving his skin soft and smooth to the touch . It seems to offer a protective layer between blade and skin , making for a much more relaxed and comfortable shaving experience .
 I 'm not exactly a baby face but I do have sensitive skin thats blemish free . If you 're like me you need a good gel to protect your face and make your razor glide easily . I 've always preferred Gillettes Gel to Edge . I think it shaves closer and protects your skin better . Goes on think and shaves very smooth and has aloe to protect your skin even more . A product I can not live without .
 I 've tried other foams and gels and kept coming back to the Gillette Series . Having sensitive skin , I 've found this to be the only product that does n't irritate my skin and still allows for me to get a smooth shave .
 These are great panty liners . They fit in my panties well and people do n't know about them . I wear one for everyday freshness and to keep me dry . The purse packs are great . Now , I can keep them in my locker and no boys will know about my feminine needs . When I get a purse , I will keep some in there too . I really enjoy this product as I feel very comfortable with a fresh and dry panty .
 This product is exactly as advertised . This product showed up on time and as advertised . I would recommend this product .
 It 's so effective that I 'm still surprised . It has been extremely useful for me . I am very happy with the results I 've been seeing .
 This product has always helped me with my knee , in reducing pain and inflamation . I reccommend it to anyone with joint discomfort .
 This ottoman arrived in a timely fashion for a very reasonable price and no shipping , which is what I like . The legs to the ottoman were ingeniously located on the bottom of the seat inside a zippered opening . Here 's the kicker ... there are extensions on the bottom of each leg that are attached by a screw so we did n't need the extra height so I proceeded to remove each of them . As I was taking out the screws , I wondered why each screw was so rusty ... hmmm ! So after I removed all the extensions and turned the ottoman over , why there was water coming out of the legs ! The legs are made of heavy duty plastic ! How odd I thought . Where had the legs to this ottoman been ? And seeing as they were tucked underneath the seat part of the ottoman I thought there should be some sort of water damage to the fabric but no , everything else was in perfect condition . So , after draining all the water out of the legs , I proceeded to put felt pads on each of the four feet , to protect the hardwood floors . What a nice addition to our seating in the living room ! I 'll probably never know where that water came from or how many oceans it had to cross to meet up with the seat part . Oh well , I am very happy with my purchase . But I would like to know more about its history .
 `` This ottoman is great . I bought 2 , they are so comfortable and a great buy . Very happy with the purchase . ''
 I have very oily skin , so I am always looking for products which will help control my constant shine . I first tried this product when I received a sample in a magazine , and although the gel formulation felt a bit odd to the touch , I was immediately impressed with the way it felt on my face
 We have used Coppertone Bug & Sun for as long as it has been on the market and have not found a better product anywhere . With one application before riding we are protected from both bugs and sunburn all day . Definitely a product to use .
 My family has also used this product since it first became available . It truly is a remarkable product . No need to carry seperate bug repellants for adults and children . Ends the need for lugging around age appropriate sunscreens and facial moisturizers too . This is a family product and comes in 2 formulas . The childrens formula is milder with less bug repellent and has spf 45 protection . Both work great . We always keep a bottle on hand . It is the best smelling non-staining formula . No more stings and burns from a spray can of OFF . Which by the way we 've had many compliments about our secret Bug & Sun perfume smell ... boy if they even knew ???? And it 's waterproof and is n't something you must keep reapplying every 15-30 minutes .
 When I got this I bought two of them and forgot to use them for about 5 years . When I finally did it worked alright but then I noticed that it 'd been expired for 4 years . It 's good that it still worked but it 's not really a fair review . It smells good so , that 's a plus .
 when the bones have problems , this suplement is excelent . But before to take it , a medical review is required to be sure .
 Item being reviewedObsession FOR MEN by Calvin Klein - 3.4 oz Aftershave BalmProduct was exactly what I wanted , arrived on time . Will order again in future .
 This product cleans , waxes and polishes all in one step . It gives a durable finish , makes old floors look new . Scuff marks are easily buffed out . Paste wax is really great , but a lot of work . I have used One-Step for years and can not imagine what else might be so satisfactory ! Try it , you will like it .
 I have used this product for 15 years since our hardwood floors were refinished and the floor guys recommended it . I use it about every other week and especially before entertaining . I use a dust mop type mop and discard the cover after using . -LRB- I bought it at Big Lots and the replacements are $ 3 -RRB- It is worth every penny and you will be amazed at how great your floors look !
 My hardwood floors had been covered buy carpet for thirtyfive years . The padding had sucked all the moisture and shine completely out.I ripped out the carpet in my bedroom put three coats of johnsons on and it looks like new . . I 'm very pleased with this purchase . . Have a window fan ready though . It smell like charcoal lighter fluid . . that 's my only complaint . .
 I recently had to remove a rug from my bedroom that had been there for years . I found that the floor underneath had been somewhat damaged from the rug . The floor was discolored and did n't match the flooring around it . It also appeared that any wax or finish that had been under the rug was gone.Luckily I had some of this wax on hand and took the chance that I could restore the floor a little.It did take 3 applications to this particular spot because the flooring had become porous , but now the flooring under the old rug matches the rest of the room , it has a nice glow to it and it is n't so glossy as to make the floor slippery when walking on it with socks on.The flooring has a nice semi-gloss look to it.I 've also used this product on my undamaged flooring and it has proved to keep my heavily trafficked areas in good shape . If it scuff from moving furniture you simply just wax the spot that scuffed and forget about it.Do NOT use a sponge mop to apply it . I use my Swiffer with an old face towel attached to it.If your floor has dried to a dull finish once your application has dried , you need to follow the easy directions on the back of the can . No other product other than the One Step is needed for this step.Each new coat you use dissolves the one already on the floor.Do not use this product on pre-finished flooring .
 I have n't found a product that does what this does for real hardwood floors -- nice to see them shining instead of dull
 Just what my mother-in-law needed for Thanksgiving at our house . Good quality , fast shipping . Good job .
 I needed a raised toilet seat after a knee operation . After looking at my local drug store , I found this toilet seat cheaper and with free delivery . It came in 2 days . It is sturdy and exactly as advertised .
 We are very happy with the product . It 's everything we expected it to be & the shiping was just as good .
 Hard to find but worth the search . I have used this product for 20 years . It feels so comforting without leaving a `` something is stuck in my ear '' feeling .
 Product is easy to use and results are very accurate , based upon comparison with results obtained in my doctor 's office .
 Do n't recall instructions specifying -LRB- uniformed layman -RRB- the yellow tab at end of stick was the primary sensor - but , it became more obvious as the side of bottle gave examples of urine reactions , or , lack of reactions , on a yellow backgkround.There are two ways to get a sample of urine onto the small test strip , per instructions . For men , the easiest way is a ground to air shot -LRB- hopefully , with accuracy -RRB- . I believe theTest strip produced accurate results . One hour after my use of a test strip the result was confirmed by another test at the Doctor 's office .
 Product is easy to use ; basically just dip , wait `` exactly '' 60 seconds and then compare the strip reagent pad to the chart on the container . There was usually no doubt as to which part of the chart matched the reagent pad . I 've used dip and match products before -LRB- not for urinalysis , though -RRB- and often found that it was near impossible to determine the correct match -- that was n't the case with this product.As far as I could tell , the test seems sufficiently sensitive and accurate . But , I had no way to directly verify results with any other lab tests so I do n't know for sure about that.As the instructions indicate that it is `` IMPORTANT '' to store the product at temperatures between 59-86 degrees Fahrenheit , I was somewhat concerned that the product remained in my outside mailbox during below freezing temperatures for a few hours . I do n't know if the temperature storage requirements really mean usage temperature or if the product could be permanently damaged by being in temperatures outside the stated range for some period of time . That may be something to consider if you 're in similar situation . I could n't find any additional information on the product at the manufacturer 's website that was printed on the product carton , -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It was good to have and use during a time it was needed . Worked well
 I have fibromyalgia and multiple chemical sensitivities , so I need to avoid excess chemical exposure . This includes flouride , which is potentially dangerous in large amounts and which I was over-exposed to as a kid through fluoridated drinking water and toothpaste . Weleda is by far the best fluoride-free natural toothpaste I 've found . Salt and baking soda are just abrasive enough to really get all the plaque and crud off my teeth , without damaging the enamel . My teeth have never felt cleaner !
 We normally buy Halls Mentho-Lyptus & like them pretty well but I had a coupon and these were on sale so we purchased the Sucrets Complete . I put these in our diaper bag so my husband and I would always have them with us while we were out and about as opposed to carrying individual Halls in our pockets and having them melt.Both of us had been sick and using Halls at home to help my husbands cough/sore throat & my sore throat . We finally tried these while we were in the car.Within a minute I started getting relief from my sore throat and it did n't taste bad either . As with every cough drop I 've ever tried it is impossible to get every bit of sore throat so I still had some minor sore throat but it was definately much better & worked faster & better than Halls for my sore throat . I kept it on my tongue while it was in my mouth and my tongue went numb which I do n't like so if you hate that feeling too then I recommend keeping this between your cheek & teeth most of the time.My husbands cough got better after this and it helped his sore throat as well . Im not sure if these or Halls work better for cough.That was a couple of weeks ago , my sore throat went away and a few days ago I started getting another sore throat that has gotten really bad . To give you an idea of the pain I have when I swallow , I would rather swallow sand paper , tacks , rocks ... you get the idea . . as opposed to having my current sore throat pain . I 've tried some cold medicine that has sore throat listed on the bottle and it really did n't do anything . I 've tried Halls & it did n't do anything . The Sucrets have been able to releive some of the pain , it still hurts but is definately better after a Sucrets.I 'm sure right now I have something more than just a cold but if you have just a cold or flu I think these work really well for a sore throat and help for anything more serious .
 I tried one of these on a lark and it felt like a dentist had numbed my mouth . Crazy numb and effective .
 Sucrets Complete are the only lozenges I use . They taste good , gets rids of cough and sore throat . The Sucrets work better than other lozenges which only last a short time . Although more expensive than other lozenges these are the best by far and I would recommend them .
 I was at a loss with curing my urinary tract infections . this was my lifesaver . my local health alternative store recomended this for me and i will never be without this in my medicne cabinet . its a must have for UTI 's .
 AAAA batteries are so hard to come by nowadays . This was a great deal . I use them for the stylus on my Lenovo Thinkpad . The battery life is on par with top brands .
 Streamlight 65030 Stylus AAAA Replacement Batteries , 6-Pack ...
 These are really good batteries , super long lasting so that means a lot to me . Would definitely recommend to anyone .
 These are LONG LASTING , buy them if you bought a stylus , they will last you a couple of years ! ... -LRB- also , you wo n't be able to find them at any of your local stores -RRB- .
 they was new in pack and in date correct size and work fine what more can you say about a pack of batteries before you submit
 I wish that getting these were easier to get than it is , but then they last for a good while too .
 The best AAAA Replacement Batteries 6-Pack for any LED Streamlight & any thing else that runs on AAAA Batteries .
 the batteries were just what I was looking for ; but the cost of shipping such a small item was too costly .
 A rare battery that costs so much more at Radioshack . What can I say . It 's a battery .
 Good price and the other batteries lasted a long time so I think these will . we will see .
 Radio Shack sells these batteries for twice the price plus tax . It 's a Radio Shack brand which is not as good as a brand name battery . Goodbye Radio Shack .
 I have a laser pointer and I can not find these batteries in any local stores . Perhaps a camera store would have them , but I never bothered looking as I knew Amazon would have them . Just what I needed , batteries work great and arrived promptly . Pleasure doing business with this seller !
 I am glad that I was able to find this size battery for my blue tooth online . This size is extremely hard to find in a store .
 I need 4 A batteries for a small remote with my K40 system . I could not easily find them locally . So rather than spend a lot of timeand gas looking . Orderint thrugh Amazon.com was a real saver .
 I recently lost power in my Streamlight stylus flash pen . So I went on line to Amazon and found this great offer . I received my replacement batteries within two days ... nuff said !
 Batteries work well and all were fully charged unlike other batteries that claim to work , which they do not . Nor do other batteries fit the streamlight even though they claim to be AAAA batteries . I know , I tried at least two other brands . None worked in the streamlights I own .
 a ; on d d nad ; d d ; dn n ; dn ; dnv lkd dn ln kn ; n e nknea e i env
 Do n't really know where else one can find these batteries but the deal is great . On time delivery and competitive prices will keep me ordering these batteries from Amazon .
 I got a sealed fresh pack of 6 AAAA batteries . I 'm very happy to have that one . This item delivered with in 4 days .
 The product arrived a day earlier than estimated ... good job ! I have not had to use the batteries yet as the unit I ordered came with a battery of the same type , but I trust Energizer and the price was great for my pocket !
 The batteries work well . They are very hard to find any where else.I always can rely on amazon.com for hard to find products .
 Replacement batteries are not inherently exciting . Wait a minute , hold the phone ! They should n't be . They should simply fit into the intended devices without hassle , power them up effectively , and last for a long time . That 's exactly what the Streamlight -LRB- remarketed Energizer -RRB- AAAA batteries do . They make my Streamlight gleam and they allow my cats to chase my laser pointer 's spot for hours on end . It 's too bad that all consumer products do n't work this unobtrusively and well !
 Batteries purchased by Police Officer for Stylus light ; difficult to find locally . Light is effective in daylight when dealing with subjects suspected of DUI .
 The pen light is exactly what I needed . The light is a little bluish and bright , but for the rest ... great .
 I found instructions online for taking apart a 9-volt battery and getting 8 AAAA batteries out of it . If price is your imperative you can find a how-to for doing this yourself . It drives the price down to about 25cents each . I think I used a Duracell and got 8 batteries for my wife 's bluetooth headset .
 Streamlite makes a fine flashlight in a very narrow configuration to work where other flashlights are useless . When they first came out you could buy AAAA batteries in many stores . But no more . They are more scarce than the proverbial hen 's teeth . Many on-line stores seem to know this and overcharge for AAAA batteries or charge ridiculous shipping costs . That is exactly why this Amazon package is a great deal . A fair price and a fair shipping cost for a good product .
 these batteries have a good long life and provide the power to give a nice bright light .
 A little slow in delivery , and the batteries are loose and not as pictured in a retail package . But otherwise happy with the purchase .
 Hard to find this size of battery , great deal on this 6 pack . Batteries used so far were great and long lasting !
 that was fast !!! it arrived in just 4 days !!! these 4-a batteries r hard to find & when u do find them they want anywhere from 12-15 dollars a pack !!! they arrived in the factory packaging not loose r n plastic baggies !!! they seem to be in good workin condtion for my stylus streamlights !!! will buy from again n the future very satisfied !!!
 For two years now I have purchases Tan Towels . I love the way it goes on evenly and it does not come off onto your clothes . Definitely going to purchase more in the future .
 have n't tried yet , but will be in a couple of weeks - got it to take on a cruise to the Caribbean with me - as do n't want too much sun exposure but want to look like i have a tan !
 If you burn lots of calories in your activities , this high energy food could give you a lift . There are 250 calories packed into this little 2.4 ounce bar , which is advertised to be at least 70 % organic . This bar is advertised to be for athletes first , and as a casual snack second . If you are overweight and trying to drop pounds , you can skip this snack and move back to unbuttered popcorn.When I opened this bar I noticed that it looks like compressed goop . However , the compressed goop tastes pretty good . The texture is much like a granola bar , though more moist than a granola bar . The black cherry part of the black cherry almond is understated . There are dried cherries in this mix rather than artificial cherry flavor , which is a big plus . I was unable to find anything in this bar that implied it was artificial , which is an even bigger plus.One thing that confused me a little is that the bar is advertised to have no wheat and no dairy , but the label on the bar states that there may be trace amounts of dairy . I guess they either knew there might be a very small amount of dairy or they were hedging themselves because of possible cross-contamination from some other process . In either case , vegens consider whether trace amounts of dairy makes this an acceptable product . The label also states that there may be traces of peanuts.This bar also contains 20 % of the daily recommended dietary fiber , which means drinking lots of water is a good idea when eating this bar . There are also lots of vitamins and trace elements , which may be a good thing unless you take vitamin supplements , in which case you may need to consider whether you are getting too much of a good thing.Clif Bars could be a casual snack , but the ingredients and their marketing really suggest that they are geared toward individuals that are looking for a healthy energy boost in high energy activities . If you fall into that category , which could include hiking , climbing , bicycling , running , jogging , and other similarly strenuous activities , then this bar could be a good way of packing a big punch in a small package.This review is based on a sample of the product provided to me by Amazon.Enjoy !
 IN A NUTSHELL
 Recently researchers found that high fiber consumption , especially from beans and cereals , is linked to longevity . A recent article in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition said that fiber provides cardiovascular protection and can lower the risk of heart disease . Yet nearly half of all Americans do not consume the RDA for fiber , which is 28 to 34 mg for men and 22 to 28 mg for women.This very tasty cereal bar is therefore a good way to add fiber to one 's diet . It contains 5 grams of dietary fiber and 4 grams of insoluable fiber . Insoluable fiber is important because it acts as a sponge in wiping cholesterol from the inside of your arteries , which if not wiped off can cause fats to get caught on the cholesterol 's hooks . These fats in turn lead to arteriosclerosis or thickening of the artery walls.Another plus is that 70 % of this tasty bar 's ingredients are organic . Non-organic foods carry the risk of cancer-causing pesticides . In short , this is a high fiber food with 110 mg of sodium , that does n't taste like cardboard but is delicious and flavor-packed !
 This review is for the Black Cherry Almond flavor only . Amazon has mixed the reviews for the different flavors , which is unfortunate as they are not all the same . I purchased this flavor after reading the other reviews . I prefer this flavor compared to the Cranberry Apple Cherry flavor which I also tried -LRB- and found to taste somewhat sweeter than I prefer -RRB- . This is a good choice as a breakfast bar if you are in a hurry , and can also be taken along in travel bags or back packs . This flavor -LRB- no chocolate -RRB- ships well in heat and can be carried in heat . The energy to weight ratio , durability , and long shelf life -LRB- expiration date was 8 months from the date of delivery -RRB- makes it a good choice for backpacking , mountain climbing , etc. , or as an emergency food in a disaster area .
 The Black Cherry Almond Clif Bar is my favorite , but each member of my family has their own favorite . Whether I bring home the carrot cake , the chocolate chip , or the brownie , I am one popular mom when I announce that I bought more Clif Bars . I 've been a Clif Bar consumer for years now . In fact , Clif is frequently a breakfast -LRB- with a yogurt -RRB- , or lunch -LRB- with a salad -RRB- . My kids enjoy them as after school snacks . And now , Clif has come out with their delicious MoJo bars -LRB- honey roasted peanut ... yum ! -RRB- . Anybody out there that has a crazy hectic life will appreciate the quality and convenience of this great tasting bar .
 I tasted a 1 ounce sample which had 100 calories . Since this is an ENERGY BAR , I assume it is for people working out running , biking , hiking , or some physical activity where the person eating the bar would be burning calories . So , do n't eat these energy bars thinking they are low in calories . I mean , they are made of fine ingredients and wonderfully tasty , but real food has real calories.This bar was quite delicious and the quality of the ingredients comes right out in the first taste . The flavors are all enjoyable and well balanced . Superior to most energy bars that I have tasted .
 I am an avid fan of Clif bars and my favorite is the black cherry almond flavor . Yummmmy does n't start to describe how delicious and fulfilling this piece of bar is !
 Use on my trail runs or as a snack during the day to help with `` good '' calories .
 we are a very active family -LRB- training for marathons , soccer , football . -RRB- everyone loves these bars and gives lots of energy before a workout . so glad we found these bars .
 Bought these for the hubby in hopes he 'd lay off my Luna bars a bit , but these are GR8 !!! It back fired ! Now I 've become the nutrition bar caper ;--RRB- I plan to try several more flavors . This is my 1st flavor & I chose the BLACK CHERRY ALMOND as I figured it would be his favorite & boy we both LOVE these !!! I think it 's the fig / and or dates in all of them from what I 've read in way of ingredients . The BEST consistency & VERY fresh ! I am waiting for 2 more 24-packs to be delivered today of `` Cool Mint Chocolate '' & `` Blueberry Crisp '' Oh , I 'm so tempted to hide them & tell hubby they never arrived ... LOL , but the guilt would ruin the Clif Bar high I so enjoy : - -RRB-
 I sent for these because I have liked the product for a long time . They truly pack a lot of nutrition into one of these bars . They are easy to take along while hiking or long walks on the beach , and are an adequate meal substitute . And they taste good ... On hindsite though , the large quantity I had to buy will have me seeking out a variety pack next time .
 I 'm seeing a lot of reviews for the `` peanut butter '' even though this particular product is `` black cherry almond '' . But I guess people are not paying attention to the flavor when they search `` Clif Bar '' or `` energy bar '' . My review is on `` Clif Bar Nutrition Bars , Black Cherry Almond '' . That is what the top of my screen is showing . So if this review ends up under a different flavor , well , it is not my fault . : - -RRB- I have not eaten an energy bar in years . When I saw the bar out of its wrapper my first thought was how UGLY the thing was . I mean it was U-G-L-Y people!I picked this brand because the package states that it is `` Made with ORGANIC oats & soybeans '' . My husband and teen son seem to be trying to buy more organic foods , so I decided to help out.Only very people should even consider picking up these bars . They are a little over 200 calories in each tiny bar . About 25 % of those calories are from fat . -LRB- Saturated fat is 1g . Trans fat is zero . No cholesterol . But sodium is over 60mg . Potassium is over 120mg . TOTAL carbs is 22g . Sugar is about 10g . -RRB- Diabetics , stay away ! Hypoglycemics , stay away ! The protein is only 5g and that is just not worth it for the amount of carbs and sugar involved in one bar.However , if you are not diabetic or hypolycemic and you are very active , then this product is the way to go ! It looks bad , but the taste is really great . Also perfect for business people who are too busy to stop for breakfast or lunch.Reviewed by Detra Fitch of Huntress Reviews .
 My 16-year-old daughter has tried a lot of products for acne , including medication prescribed by her doctor . She has sensitive skin and some irritated her skin more or did n't really work . She feels this product is one that is working well to help prevent , minimize and clear her breakouts .
 We received a sample of this where I work . We tried it and really liked it . My hands and my sisters hands get so dry they crack and bleed ! You do n't need a lot of this and its not greasy . I would recommend this to anyone who wants smooth hands .
 I originally bought this for myself and loved it so much I bought it for all of my employees . The great thing is no cords dangling down . The massager has two speeds which are perfect , plus the squishy feel of the pillow is light and comfortable around your neck . You will enjoy it !
 For those like me who tend to carry tension in the neck area , this is a marvelous invention , especially while at the computer ; it sits comfortably on one 's shoulders and around the neck , and is definitely an aid to relaxing the affected muscles , and relieving stress . I use it for the hour or so when I 'm at the computer late at night after work , and it helps me to go to sleep free from that dreaded stiff and achy feeling.Occasionally I put it between the chair and the small of my back , and it works wonders for any stiffness there as well , and could even also be used as a foot rest.Its blue fabric is a `` high-dernier nylon-spandex blend with high-fill EPS beads '' , and is aptly named `` Squish '' . Deliciously silky soft , it also keeps its shape ; if you carefully examine the filling with your fingers , it consists of teeny tiny round beads , so small that you can hardly feel them , and it is these beads -LRB- along with the spandex in the fiber -RRB- that gives this pillow its ability to be so incredibly soft , and to bounce back into its U shape.Because I want my HoMedics pillow to last a long time and be as hygienic as possible , I keep it in a cotton pillow-case , which may not look as nice , but is serviceable and the `` Squish '' works just as well with the covering.At the end of each U side there is a plastic circle , approximately 1 and 3/8 in diameter . One end is for the batteries -LRB- you 'll need 4 AA batteries -RRB- and the other is to turn it on.There is a humming noise that comes with it , which since it is near one 's ears , it is very audible ... sounding rather like a single engine airplane flying overhead . I 'm usually very sensitive to sound , but do n't mind this steady hum at all ... its steadiness might even be part of the relaxation.Anything that reduces stress without any medicinal/chemical additives is a boon to mankind , and this gizmo is an excellent value .
 This is just the thing I needed to help relax sore neck and shoulder muscles . It 's amazingly powerful . It 's a little on the noisy side , but it works and feels great .
 This is an almost perfect product . Almost . It is the perfect size for support and my grandchild loves the softness and squishiness it possesses . I love the low speed setting -- neck tension just melts away . However , when you eventually have to change the batteries , you will see that the battery cover is not worthy of the product . The plastic notches are very easy to break . Correct this and you get a 5 star from me .
 This information is sent in response to the `` review '' of Teenertot . I 'm John Wettlaufer , the Consumer Relations Manager for HoMedics , Inc. . We have read the review about the fire and our product could not have caused this fire . Our product contains two C batteries which will not cause a fire . We have sold many of these products -LRB- and other products with batteries -RRB- and have never heard of anything even remotely like this happening . When we tried to contact Teenertot -LRB- real name withheld -RRB- and her insurance company , who is investigating the fire regarding this matter , they refused to give us any information . We investigated the matter ourselves and learned that the Los Angeles Fire Marshall has deemed this fire as `` Arching of an electrical outlet situated behind thesofa '' . The cause and origin expert has confirmed that our product did not cause the fire . We will be requesting that Amazon and Teenertot immediately withdraw this review . HoMedics prides itself on providing safe , useful products and stands behind those products 100 % .
 Very soft pillow and the massage feature is a nice bonus . It is a bit bulky for traveling - much bulkier than our other `` bucky '' pillow and takes up a lot of room in the carry-on bag . It also works well for a lower back massage for long plane trips .
 Enough said . She 's 87 , has arthritis , and a host of other illnesses . She says this neck pillow really relaxes her muscles and relieves the tension in her neck . It beat the post office to her door just in time for Christmas .
 I had a discectomy and fusion in my neck and this the best neck pillow I have found . Without this pillow I have pain all the time with it I have none . I bought one for my father inlaw and he also will not live without it .
 Cushion is very good and soft and relaxes me even if it is switched off . I feel it is little bit oversized but no problems .
 This is a very comfortable neck pillow and is great for long car rides .
 I bought this item right before the holidays . I would be on and off a lot of planes and was in desperate need of something to make the tiny coach seats more comfortable . Even before my trip I was enjoying this product . I ended up buying 3 more as presents . As for the plane ride , it worked wonderfully , and I also recommend it for car rides . My plane ride would n't have been the same without it !
 The pillow is very comfortable and worked well on an airplane . The massager does n't do much other than vibrate . Overall , it 's a good value for the money even though the massager does n't do much .
 I bought this for an elderly relative with knee discomfort , but also enjoyed using it myself . It is much smaller and easier to use than many of the other pillows . Also , easy to pack to take on a trip .
 The squishie pillow fits around your neck without choking and is adjustable . You ca n't feel the massage mechanism through the squish material , and the batteries last quite a while . You do need 2 C batteries for this . The squish material is awesome and the massage is perfect for a sore neck or back .
 The first thing I noticed when I received the Squish is how BIG it is ! I bought it for the purpose of plane travel , and this pillow is seriously 2-3 times the size of a travel pillow . It is overstuffed.Which is great news if you want to use it lying down , or even -LRB- as I did -RRB- as a substitute seat cushion -LRB- I used it like a coccyx suspending donut cushion , and it worked crudely but it worked ! -RRB- With its donut shape , it also works surprisingly well as a substitute for a regular pillow when sleeping , especially if you are having trouble sleeping and need to find a strange angle to get comfortable.It was comfy to use in a recliner around my neck while watching TV . It is IMPOSSIBLe to use it sitting in an average pitch flight seat and be comfortable . It is also VERY UNCOMORTABLE to use in other normal non-reclinig seat positions.Also , because it 's so overstuffed and big , it is unwieldy to take onto planes . It much squishier than other similar pillows and has a lot of other unexpected uses so I give it 4 stars , but it is definitely NOT suited for travel like I intended . I 'll buy a -LRB- more expesnive -RRB- travel pillow and use this around the house.I never tested the massage function , but even w/o it , for the price of roughly $ 15 , it 's not a bad deal .
 I am a cancer survivor . After all my chemo and radiation treatments it took a lot out of me . I also was put on medication to keep cancer from returning which the medicine causes my legs to hurt real bad -LRB- to a point I could n't hardly walk -RRB- and I have a hard time concentrating . I tried Orachel and this is amazing . It takes all the pain out of my legs and helps me to focus . The health food store charges $ 30 for this so I was glad to find that Amazon has it for a lower price . I have not found any other vitamins I can take that help me like this .
 Green ? Check ! Foamy ? Check ! Got a frog on the bottle ? Check ! The kids love this stuff . It cleans them up and leaves a light fruity scent behind . Makes it really easy to know when the kids washed their hands!The only bad thing about this soap is the residue . If the kids get a little overzealous with the pump , the cool foam becomes a sticky mess . Luckily , if you catch it in time it is really easy to clean up . And leaves your counter smelling nice , too!The refills are great ! The first bottle you buy comes with a removable pump and you can just move it from refill to refill . Easy and saves a couple of bucks over time .
 Great soap for kids . They can easily wash and rinse hands on their own .
 My daughter LOVES this soap ! It is perfect for potty training in learning to wash hands . The green color is fun and gives a child something that is their own , making hand washing fun . And the smell is great ! I was disappointed when our local stores quit carrying this in stock but SO excited to see it 's an AMAZON !
 My kids love Pampers Kandoo Foam Handsoap . It 's easy to rinse off so save for little kids -LRB- 2-3 year-old -RRB- to use . My kids are 6 and 8 now and they just do n't want to quit this . I am so happy to find this refills on Amazon . I only saw Kandoo Foam Hansoap refills at Target but much pricier . It saves a lot of money than buying the regular bottle with pump .
 I have been using this hand soap on a consistent basis for several years . I find it is gentle to my skin , effective , and rinses reasonably well -- especially if diluted to desired strength . I even use it to clean our little doggie when necessary . I trust this soap and keep plenty on hand because it has become difficult to find in stores .
 The green color and thick foam is perfect for little ones learning to wash hands well . It smells good too !
 I ordered this several months ago and am still on the 1st bottle ! Because it is foaming , it lasts much longer . We all use it ! Has a nice smell . Glad I like it since I 'll have it for a whole lot longer !!!
 I had problems with my son not washing his hands every time he used a bathroom . And every time he did wash his hands there was a total mess all around the sink . So I 've decided to go for foamy soap in a fun package to encourage him to do the right thing . It worked like a charm . Now his hands are washed EVEN if not necessary AND my sink is always clean .
 We have used the Kandoo hand soap for a few years now and I find that the brighter the color of the soap , the more likely my kids are to wash their hands . The only drawback is the streaks of purple or green all over my vanity.So , being `` green '' I bought the refills but someone threw away the dispensers since they were empty . But now I ca n't find the soap anywhere . I am sure that I can use another dispenser .
 This is a marvelous product ! We have a nice rescued poodle who is eight years old and not yet -LRB- sob ! -RRB- housebroken . His frequent accidents are fertile food for Motsenbackers . Only problem
 I love Motsenbocker 's products . I do the laundry in our home and this product gets out Anything !! Thanks for selling on amazon.com . My roommates are amazed at the stains that I can get out of clothes ... ha !
 I have used this product for many years and it is the best I 've found for removing stains regardless of type .
 I suffer from hormonal imbalance and after someone at the market recommended this and I did some research , I found it to work wonders for me . It helped me lose weight , reduced sugar cravings , balanced my mood and helped regulate my menstrual cycles . Highly reccomend for anyone with pms , irregular cycles , PMDD , PCOS and or estrogen dominance ! It literally turned my life around . 1-2 pills daily .
 I have suffered with PMS for a lot of years.I had going from one docter to another but no one seems to help me with my problem , the only thing they could do is give me hormones and they did not help either for me.After some research on the internet I find this website and found this wonderful product chaste tree berry and it has changed my life.So since may I 'm taking chaste tree berry once a day.I can recommended it to anyone who is suffering with PMS.So thank you to the website of Amazon.com
 This potty is the sh@# -- my daughter loves this so much . Never has bye bye pee pee , bye bye poo poo been cuter . It is sturdy and well built , but would you expect less from a Sesame Street product . The clarity of the Elmo voice is perfect , too .
 THE ELMO POTTY IS VERY WELL CONSTRUCTED , WE WERE VERY PLEASED , AND MY GRANDBABY LOVED THE IDEA OF ELMO ON IT !
 I purchased this item for our son , since he loves Elmo . I thought I fell into the commercial trap of buying fun over function , but so far so good.I had some concerns , given the reviews on this item , but it appears that many have been rectified by the manufacturer . The three main items I had concerns with -LRB- from the reviews -RRB- were 1 . ability to easily take off the top to empty the waste tray . 2 . the noise of Elmo and the confusion to the child on the potty . 3 . the pee deflector . Here are my thoughts . On the first point , the top comes right off , so there 's no issue with using one hand to disassemble and clean . Just make sure that you lift gently without putting a lot of pressure on pulling up . Since there are 6 arms that insert into the base , any forceful pressure is going to make stick . Number two with the noise - there 's an on/off switch inside , so you can choose if you want to have it on or not without taking out the batteries . On the third point , the pee deflector is tight . As an adult , I have to use two hands to put it in and extra force with one hand to pull it out . There 's no way my son can pull this out when sitting on it.I 'm a stickler for design and I always scrutinize the quality of anything I buy . I think this item has a nice design , which I do n't often find myself saying with manufactured items for children . The form/function of being able to use the top on the toilet fits tightly and appears sturdy . With the top off , the remainder doubles for a step stood , which is nice . The one thing that you may want to replace on this is anti-sliding skids . They are a hardened plastic and slow movement , but do not stop it . If you buy some rubber strips from the local hardware store -LRB- the kind that peel and stick -RRB- and place these on the bottom , that issue is resolved.The issue of the hand being right in the way of the child 's leg is definitely true . Our son tends to move his legs off to the sides for support anyway , so it does n't appear to be an issue . Worse case , you just turn the sound off.Our son loved the potty from the moment he saw it and pranced around the house with it in his arms for days .
 My son LOVES elmo and this potty works perfectly . The splash guard is removable . I keep it off . It does make me have to clean up more often but it keeps my son from getting hurt when sitting down . Also , Elmo 's voice is exactly the same as it is on the show . Perfect for us .
 We did a lot of research before deciding on a potty chair . There is a lot of competition and one thing I was especially concerned about was the pee guard injuring my little boy . I had read many reviews on different potty chairs about their boys hurting themselves when they stand up and even being cut by the rough edges of the pee guard . This potty chair is 5 stars in this department . The guard is soft flexible plastic and I actually like the fact that it 's easily removable . My guy does n't have any interest in pulling it off , though if he was I 'm sure I 'd not be crazy about it either.My son is very tall for his age and many of the potty chairs we 've tried were just too short for him . This one is still a bit short , but better than any other we 've tried . He seems to really like sitting on it and he gets down to business right away , something he never did with other potty chairs and I assume it 's because they were just uncomfortable.I also love that this one duos as a step stool for use in front of the sink when brushing teeth , washing hands , etc. . It also works great when you use the removable seat on the big potty to help your little one get up onto the seat.Overall , it 's very versatile and I like most of the features . Though I do have to agree that Elmo is very annoying ! As other reviewers have stated , the `` high five '' is n't much of a reward when it 's constantly getting bumped before your little one is even done on the potty . I , too , took the batteries out of ours to avoid the headache . My son does n't even really care for the voices and that 's not why we bought it anyway.My one major gripe -LRB- now that Elmo is silenced ! -RRB- is that it can be cumbersome to take the seat off the base for emptying the pot . I did n't see any other reviewers mention this so I thought I 'd better . It 's secured by 4 tabs that you occasionally have to push in from underneath to release . Imagine how fun that is with a pot full of poop and pee ! If it were n't for the fact that this potty chair is also a step stool and works with the big potty as well and that it is the perfect size for our little guy , I would not have kept it . But compared to all the other chairs we tried , this one fit our needs the best .
 I bought this for my almost 2 yr old daughter who is just recently potty trained . She loves this seat and has to push elmos hands a couple times every time she uses it . The only thing I dont care for is that you have to remove the white seat to dump the potty , but on a positive note compared to other seats i 've had my 2 yr old cant remove it herself this way she wont make a mess trying to empty the potty herself and its not hard to remove or place back ! When she sits on it her leg presses elmos hand so he sounds off till she is done , but she loves it ! The potty container is not to small like other seats either , its got a good size to it .
 I just bought this potty for my 22 month old . She loves Elmo so I thought she would be more likely to use it since Elmo is on the front . The Pro 's to this potty is that it is a good height for my toddler to sit on with her feet flat on the floor . The 3-in-1 feature is also nice.Cons
 My son has been using it for a couple years now and has even been moved around from home to home and it is still in good condition . Please make sure you put the seat in correctly though so the plastic stick things do n't bend but it still is flexible enough not to break and it will still fit in perfectly as it should be .
 I had never tried this kind before I bought it but I 've always loved any of the clif bars that you can buy in stores . Banana nut bread -- it tastes JUST like banana nut bread . SO DELICIOUS !!! What I love about clif bars is the perfect serving size and also just the right amount of density . It 's not too tough a bar to chew but it 's not a soft one that you eat right through in a minute and want something else to eat . It 's that perfect happy medium .
 One of my favorite Clif Bars that I 've tried . I love them for a breakfast bar because you can eat them and not feel hungry for quite a while . The banana nut bread is like taking the lesser healthy version , and compacting it down to a little chewy bar . They do a good job matching a flavor with a bar ; unlike some other flavors where it tastes like lemon flavored granola or some odd mismatch . Good all around pick .
 very satisfying snack or meal substitute . tasty and filling . good flavors without being overly sweet .
 I 've owned this razor for over a year now , but only used it off and on until recently . While it has always shaved well , I have found it works best if you are a regular , every-day shaver . For quite a while , I was n't , which meant that my face never fully conditioned to the shaver , and that I was more often than not trying to shave a thicker growth of beard . The first was not a big deal -LRB- I knew how to fix that -RRB- , but the the latter proved to be a problem - this razor is NOT for people who do n't shave every day . If you let your beard go for a couple days between shaves , you will more than likely need to take it down with the trimmer before shaving.However ... I recently dug this razor out again and decided to give it another try . I have found that if I shave every day , the shaver performs very well indeed . It 's still not as close as a blade , but let 's face it , no electric razor is . This one is comfortable , efficient , easy to clean and worth the money -LRB- this based on my experience with much cheaper shavers in the past -RRB- . I would suggest that people shave with a completely * dry * face - preferably even before you shower . Having a truly dry beard makes a difference . I have n't used a pre-shave , but shaving dry is getting me close enough that I 'm not worried about it.The trimmer is okay for basic side-burn straightening and so on , but I do n't trust it to groom my mustache or beard - I use my beard trimmer for that . But as a razor for my face , I am very happy with this model . The only draw back is that it is hard to get a clean line along the edge of my beard with the round heads , but an occasional touch up with a regular razor handles that . It now takes me a lot less time to shave every morning , compared to using foam and a cartridge razor , which is worth it .
 I do n't have much hair left on my cranium , so I decided a while ago to make like Yul Brynner and shave my head.Having been a long-term blade user , at first I tried shaving in the shower using new generation blades -LRB- e.g. , Quattro , Mach 3 , Fusion Power -RRB- , shaving cream or gel , and a mirror . This approach works great for my face , but not so well on my head . After cutting myself on both ears on my first attempt , I settled down to this mediocre solution for a few weeks.The blade cartridge would pop off from the handle frequently as I shaved . Thinking myself clever and having had enough of picking up cartridges from the shower floor , I tried using cheap disposable razors next . Look , ma , no cartridge to come off . Well , on my first attempt to shave my head with a disposable I sliced off a tiny sliver of skin from the top of my noggin . Ouch ! That 's what I get for trying to use razors in an area for which they were not designed . The disposables are even more dangerous on the scalp than on the face . Seriously.A few days ago I bought the Norelco 7616X because I figured the rotary blade design would provide a safer , effective solution for my scalp . This time I figured correctly . I have been using the 7616X for the past four days and am very happy with the job that it does on my head . I shave dry with it and can get pretty close without any nicks , burns or cuts . Excellent!I wish I could say the same of the job the shaver does on my face . So far not good , but it is getting a little better . The shave was not close at all on the first two days and I got plenty of irritation . I 'm doing a little better now , having adjusted my expectations of how close a shave I can get . The irritation is not as bad lately , I suppose due to an improvement in my technique and my use of after shave gel.UPDATE 21 DAYS LATER
 Easy to use . Short time to recharge the baterie . Long life batery and it is appropriate o sensitive skin .
 I bought the 8825XL when it was on sale for $ 70 as my first electric razor . Its not a bad device but did n't live up to my high hopes . I doubt I would pay MSRP for the device or even anything over $ 75 but I do n't have any specific complaints .
 I just got my first Norelco model 8825 XL , after 7 years using a Braun 4501 . I considered these two brands the top in the electrical shaving industry . In some aspects I founded the Norelco reigning over the Braun and in other aspects the Braun is much better . So , the question you should ask yourself is what type of hair are you trying to shave?Let first look at the Norelco series : The different between the Norelco 's Spectra -LRB- 8000 series -RRB- , Quadra -LRB- 7000 series -RRB- , Advantage -LRB- 6000 series -RRB- , and the Reflex -LRB- 5000 series -RRB- is one major feature added to each series . The Reflex sports the basic `` Lift & Cut '' system . The Advantage is the same but include a lotion dispenser . The Quadra 's `` Lift and Cut '' system has two types of head with a slot and hole . The Spectra series has what the Quadra does , but include a comfort control . Both the Quadra and Spectra do n't have lotion dispenser . There are also more special features that can be found in each series by looking at the 2nd digit . For example the Spectra 8894 have a digital screen where the bare-bone lower number Spectra 8825 have just a green light.The performances , Norelco vs. Braun : I have soft hair in the beard area and thicker hair around the lips -LRB- mustache and chin area -RRB- . The Norelco does a superior job in the beard area ; it cut it clean with a couple of strokes . When using the Braun -LRB- older model 4501 -RRB- , I sometime have to use a long trimmer and then go back over with the coil . The Norelco three individual heads move over the sides of the face a lot better . Braun does do a superior job over the mustache area . It coils has more and bigger holes then Norelco . The Spectra with it dual slot and hole head is good but takes longer time to cut down the thicker stub . The old Braun battery -LRB- NH - -RRB- is dying on me . Norelco battery -LRB- NiCd -RRB- is replaceable and you use it charged or just plug and play , which the Braun could not do . Overall , I prefer the Norelco 's design.The features I like : I am still playing with the Personal Comfort Control and am not sure if it is necessary . The more sensitive the level is the long it takes to cut so far . The long hair trimmer is great , but that is almost standard in most models , but not the Advantage 's Series . Plug and play is great , since I do n't travel every day . Cleaning is simple ; just rinse it in the sink . I like the solid construction the Norelco 's design is , the rotating machine is fun to use and is very smooth .
 Definitely an excellent shaver , but I do n't know that it has enough superior features over Norelco 's 7000 series `` Quadra '' models to warrant paying so much more for it . The differences between the two are as follows : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The Spectra system has a dial that adjusts how easily the three razor heads move in line with your face . I ca n't see that this is anything more than bells & whistles . The normal/maximum setting -LRB- which is what the Quadra would be on all the time -RRB- allows plenty of flexibility , even for my pointy chin , so I do n't imagine that most people will have any need of the `` higher sensitivity '' settings . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The lower half of the Spectra system model is not as wide as the Quadra models -- purely an aesthetic feature
 I had been using a Norelco Reflex series razor for about 11/2 years when I decided to advance to the 8825XL Spectra . First thing I noticed was that the Spectra shaved my neck area much better than the Reflex ... and my neck hair is really tough to shave close , since it sort of grows sideways.I also LOVE the fact that I can just rinse the Spectra under warm water to clean the blades and heads ... it 's so much more convenient than using a brush with the Reflex.The comfort control is a nice feature ... it does n't really seem to affect the shave per se , but the more sensitive settings do make the shave more comfortable , which I like since I have pretty sensitive skin .
 First of all , get the 8831xl , NOT this 8825xl which simply is n't worth spending over $ 100 on . That 's the only reason I gave it just 4 stars instead of the perfect 5 . The 8831xl gets 5/5 stars . You can always return any Norelco shaver within 2 months for a full refund , so get your hands on any Norelco Spectra shaver ASAP!After buying the 8825 , I found the 8831 on eBay and I called Norelco and asked what this unlisted model was all about . They said it 's a special model that they only sell to certain department stores , like Macy 's , every now and then . Anyway , the 8825 has only 45 mins of shaving time while the 8831 has 70 mins . The 8831 package also includes a CAR CHARGER . And thirdly , the 8831 is pearly white , not blue like the 8825 . Other than these three differences , THAT 'S IT , no other differences whatsoever . Oh wait , there is just one more difference ... the price ! The 8825 , which is Norelco 's entry-level Spectra model , sells for over $ 100 . The 8831 sells on Ebay for about $ 60 shipped . One of Norelco 's top-of-the-line shavers for WAY under $ 100 , are you kiddin ?! Nope , it 's an absolute steal . You might be wondering if I own both shavers now ... nope ! I bought this 8825 first but then returned it to Norelco within 60 days for a full refund and then bought the 8831 on Ebay brand new for about $ 60 shipped.The 8825 was my first electric shaver ever , and I really did need Norelco 's recommended 3 weeks for my hair to get used to electric shaving . By the way , all of the Spectra models shave the same , as they do n't differ with their blades . It 's just that the higher models like 8890 and 8894 have fancy displays and bells and whistles , none of which make for a better shave than the 8825 or 8831 . Anyway , I was using Mach 3 razors for the past few years . The Mach 3 was great for my face , but I rarely could ever get a close AND comfortable shave on my neck without irritating it and getting red bumps , and I could never comfortably shave every morning , it always had to be at least every 36 hours or every other day . But with my new Norelco Spectra , now I can shave every morning without ANY irritation and I can also comfortably shave my neck CLOSER than a blade now . Sixty bucks to feel like a million . I 'd say that 's not a bad deal . What do you think ?
 I bought an 8825XL about two years ago . Prior to that I had used Brauns for many years . I am very happy with my Norelco.I kept buying Braun razors because , when new , they give a very nice shave . The problem , for me , was that the shave quality deteriorated quickly because the foils in the head are so darned delicate . So I would buy a new Braun and in about 3 months it would need a new foil . But , of course , I did n't really want to put out the $ 30 quite that often so I would go for months with a poor shave . I would usually buy new foil and blade when I started getting nicked up . I bought the Braun with the cleaning system , thinking that taking the cleaning out of human hands would fix it . Did n't work that way , though . I was getting a little more out of a foil but I was paying $ 5 per month for the juice.Anyway , I gave up and bought this Norelco . The first shave was _ very _ nice . Just as good as a new Braun . And now , two years later , I have still not bought a blade set for it . The shaves are at least 90 % as comfortable as when new.The Norelco has been reliable and it is easy to clean . Once every couple of months I take the heads apart and clean the blades with alcahol . My wife commented on how quiet it was the first time I used it.But maybe the problems with the Braun are just me . Maybe other Braun users have mastered the trick of handling it without messing up the shave quality . I 'm sticking with my Norelco .
 I 've owned the 8825 xl for about a year now , I used it religiously for the 3 months that it recommends , but not much changed after the initial 4-5 weeks . The sensativity settings are pretty much useless , and I 've found that setting it to a `` more sensative '' setting is actually a little more irritating , as it takes MANY more passes to get the close shave . The built in trimmer is noisy , but otherwise works fine.I previously owned the Norelco Advantage 5615 -LRB- the one with the Nivea lotion dispenser -RRB- . I found that the Advantage does a much better job for my sensative face/neck , I wish I would have replaced it with another Advantage . If sensativity is n't an issue , this is a great razor , it cuts VERY close and the battery last for what seems like forever . It 's rather robust too , as I 've dropped it once or twice in the shower with no apparent damage . If sensativity IS an issue , go with the Norelco Advantage 5615 .
 I just got my first Norelco model 8825 XL , after 7 years using a Braun 4501 . I considered these two brands the top in the electrical shaving industry . In some aspects I founded the Norelco reigning over the Braun and in other aspects the Braun is much better . So , the question you should ask yourself is what type of hair are you trying to shave?Let first look at the Norelco series : The different between the Norelco 's Spectra -LRB- 8000 series -RRB- , Quadra -LRB- 7000 series -RRB- , Advantage -LRB- 6000 series -RRB- , and the Reflex -LRB- 5000 series -RRB- is one major feature added to each series . The Reflex sports the basic `` Lift & Cut '' system . The Advantage is the same but include a lotion dispenser . The Quadra 's `` Lift and Cut '' system has two types of head with a slot and hole . The Spectra series has what the Quadra does , but include a comfort control . Both the Quadra and Spectra do n't have lotion dispenser . There are also more special features that can be found in each series by looking at the 2nd digit . For example the Spectra 8894 have a digital screen where the bare-bone lower number Spectra 8825 have just a green light.The performances , Norelco vs. Braun : I have soft hair in the beard area and thicker hair around the lips -LRB- mustache and chin area -RRB- . The Norelco does a superior job in the beard area ; it cut it clean with a couple of strokes . When using the Braun -LRB- older model 4501 -RRB- , I sometime have to use a long trimmer and then go back over with the coil . The Norelco three individual heads move over the sides of the face a lot better . Braun does do a superior job over the mustache area . It coils has more and bigger holes then Norelco . The Spectra with it dual slot and hole head is good but takes longer time to cut down the thicker stub . The old Braun battery -LRB- NH - -RRB- is dying on me . Norelco battery -LRB- NiCd -RRB- is replaceable and you use it charged or just plug and play , which the Braun could not do . Overall , I prefer the Norelco 's design.The features I like : I am still playing with the Personal Comfort Control and am not sure if it is necessary . The more sensitive the level is the long it takes to cut so far . The long hair trimmer is great , but that is almost standard in most models , but not the Advantage 's Series . Plug and play is great , since I do n't travel every day . Cleaning is simple ; just rinse it in the sink . I like the solid construction the Norelco 's design is , the rotating machine is fun to use and is very smooth .
 The 8825XL is the least expensive model in Norelcos top of the line Spectra series . Its still very expensive but the shave is about as good as an electric gets . Quality of construction is unsurpassed . Cleaning it is a piece of cake . Just flip the cover and rinse under a tap . Older , non washable razors were a pain to clean . The built in trimmer is about average for an electric which means that its not very effective . Most important is not so much how close a shave it gives -LRB- most electrics shave close for the most part -RRB- but does it get ALL THE HAIRS ? Shaving the neck and below the jaw is the real test for an electric . The Spectra shines in these areas as do rotary razors in general -LRB- an inherent weakness of the foil razor designs such as Braun and Panasonic -RRB- . The only trouble with rotaries is that they can be irritating to SOME people . The Spectra addresses this with a sensitivity adjustment wheel which sets the stiffness of the floating heads . Most sensitive = least stiff , which means that less pressure is needed when shaving which will greatly decrease the chance of irritation . Because of this feature , those who have had irritation trouble with rotaries in the past and are not satisfied with the lousy neck shave of foil razors , should definately check the Spectra out.A great razor overall but is it worth it over the cheaper Norelco models ? The shave is slightly closer , more comfortable and the washable feature is a great time saver so YES I will say it is worth it .
 This is by far the best shaver I 've ever owned . It 's quiet , nicely designed , provides a close shave , comfortable , and works for weeks on one charge -LRB- I 'm on day 15 for one charge -RRB- . It has just the features I want -LRB- cleaning under the faucet , sensitivity levels -RRB- and no more . If you like Norelco , this is the one to buy .
 I have bought several shavers from Norelco , how ever this model had a weaker cut than other models I have owned .
 Philips Norelco 8825XL Spectra Rechargeable Cord/Cordless Men 's Shaving SystemThis is the best shaver that I ever had . It does a great job & gives you a very close shave . It does n't leave your face with a razor burn . I like a very close shave & this gives me what I want .
 Used over one year - very satisfied . I bought another Norelco , cheaper than this one , for a back-up and was surprised that it did not shave as well as this one . Based on my experience , the more expensive Norelco models shave closer and more efficiently . If you have the money , spend it . I am going to try the newer Arcitec model -LRB- which is now Norelco 's top of the line -RRB- to see if it is equal or better.PS
 great product , quiet , recharges very quickly , my husband loves it . Would definitly reccomend for anyone with sensitive skin .
 I have had this product for only one month . As of now , I am delighted . It handles well , shaves closely , and holds the charge for a week . I have had Philips product for many years , and this is a good one .
 I am very happy with the close shave from this shaver , my previous shaver was a Braun and this gives me a closer shave in less time . It is also very quiet in operation.My only knock is that the owners manual says that the charger needs to be unpluged after charging is complete . This is quite inconvient .
 My Electric Shaver was everything I wanted . I saved so much money , great service , great product , and got here quicker than expected . . Thank you , I 'll shop with you again . .
 THIS IS THE BEST RAZOR THAT I 'VE SHAVED WITH SINCE I BEEN SHAVING . I 'M 54 YEARS OLD . SO DOD THE MATH . IT 'S WELL WORTH THE MONEY AND I WILL BUY This razor again .
 I was always kind of against electric razors due to my pointless macho attitude of wanting to use a razor , but then my dermatologist -LRB- I have selective macho behavior -RRB- suggested it due to my neck acne/ingrown hairs . Anyway , I realized a mach 3 is n't manly , a straight blade is , and I 'm sure as hell not going to use that.So I bought the Spectra so I could have the sensitivity control due to my obvious sensitivity ... pretty sure that was a waste . It works a little bit , but not 40 bucks worth over the quatro.Pros over Mach 3 Turbo
 After a couple of years of Braun , I was ready to switch back to Norelco . I picked this shaver because of the deep discount , figuring that the Personal Comfort Setting gismo was just a marketing ploy . But I find I really do like it . At the `` sensitive '' setting , I am able to shave with a very light touch , an experience I prefer to the `` normal '' setting . And I like the Norelco MUCH better than the Braun .
 The first week using this product it was n't great , but as the directions say-it will take a week or so for your facial hair to adjust to it . After that I have had no complaints . I must have used it 40 times before having to recharge it the first time.This razor is greatly improved from the older model that I used . This is a great deal !
 This is my chance to see if the reviews you read here are from real people that got the product . . : -RRB- I got this shaver a month ago . . I was using a regular wet razor and got tired of having to run to work with a piece of toilet paper so I could clean the blood coming out of my face.It was also a pain in the butt having to spread the shaving cream , and then get rid of it every day.Now I am using the Spectra and I 'm very happy with it.The instructions tell you to give up to 3 weeks for your face to get used to the new shaving system.But in my opinion , it is just a way for them to make you LEARN first how to use the machine . I did not notice any differences in the skin or shave after the `` getting used to '' period compared to the first day I used the Norelco.But I do not mean that there is no difference in the skin.You feel the skin a lot better and softer after the fist shave with this system vs. the razor.I am still learning how to get the best shave with it.I have shaved my face to the point that I got a CLOSER shave than the razor a few times . And other times I get a just OK shave , but not as close as before.I think it depends on how the hair reacts to the machine any given day.Sometimes I spend more time to get the same results as other days . But no more than 5 minutes.I always used it in normal mode . This way it is supposed to be the fastest.My tip to you would be this : The instructions tell you to shave with your face clean.But if you shave right after taking your daily shower , is like your face gets humid and less slippery for the Norelco.I had better results with my face really dry . So I clean my face the night before and shave when I wake up , before taking my shower . This way I have my face clean and really dry.Sometimes you have to make more than a gentle pressure with the heads on your face to catch and cut the hair closer.I got some irritation in my lower part of the neck a few times ... it is a little difficult to catch the hairs in that area . . may be because the skin is softer in there.The battery last a lot.It is a very practical machine , and comes with a pouch so I can shave the mornings I wake up at my girlfriend 's home.No more blood for me . But take care with your lip . Once i catch it a little with the spectra and got a bad feeling in it for a few days.I think that with some more time , I will perfect the technique and always get the shave I want with the Spectra 8825XL . I recommend this machine to anyone . It is great.Sorry for my bad English . . I speak Spanish.Good luck !!
 After many years of using the Braun `` straight blade '' electric razor , I was very pleasantly surprised by how well and easily this shaved . My only disappointment is that there 's no LED display for when the razor 's power is low -- it just stops . I still hate to shave , but for the $ 70 I paid for this , its great and I highly recommend it .
 For $ 70 , this is a great electric shaver . Before I bought this one , I was using a basic Norelco for seven years . The Spectra is better since it gives you a closer shave , recharges quickly , and because you can use water to clean it . And in terms of appearence , the blue and silver looks nice .
 Well this is the first shaving system that I have owned so I can not compare it with others in the market . But yes definitely this one is really good . It gives a nice shave , easy to handle , easy to clean and absolutely maintenance free .
 I 'm almost 50 and have been using an electric razor most of my shaving life . When my trusty Norelco needed replacing , my wife bought me the latest self-cleaning Braun for a Christmas gift . I liked some aspects of it , but it always had a hard time shaving my neck area without going back over it a lot of times . Replacing the cutter and screen every 6 months or so helped keep it from getting progressively worse , but after a couple of years , I thought I would try something different.I read MANY reviews and decided to try the Norelco Spectra system . I 've been using it for several months now and I can tell you the difference on my neck is like night and day . The Norelco is MUCH faster and smoother than the Braun and cuts very close after only a couple of passes . I was amazed at how much better it was than even my old triple-head Norelco.If I were to have ANY negative , it would be the charging system . The first problem is , if you provide a recharging `` stand '' , then the logic -LRB- IMO -RRB- should be that the stand be allowed to be plugged in 24/7 with the razor in it , without any adverse affects . However , MANY places in the manual tell you DOING THIS WILL SHORTEN THE LIFE OF YOUR BATTERY.Because they use a NiCad battery , they ask that you only recharge it when it runs low to avoid the `` memory '' effect and associated diminished capacity . I can understand that , but the second problem is , it gets fully charged in only 4 hours ! After that , you are supposed to remove it from , or unplug , the stand to avoid overcharging . Unfortunately , most of us shave in the morning before a work day , then do n't return for at least 9-10 hours . In my case , a 12 or even 24 hour charge would be far more convenient . What 's so hot about a `` 4-hour charge '' anyway ?? OK , how about I push a button to start the charge cycle , and it automatically shuts off when fully charged ! How easy is that ? -LRB- Gee , that 's exactly how my Braun worked . -RRB- Being an Electrical Engineer myself , I 'm sometimes overly critical of things like this . OK , if it were me , -LRB- are you listening Norelco ??? -RRB- I would have used a NiMH battery that did n't have to be `` deep cycled '' , then use a lower current `` trickle charge '' base that could be left on 24/7 . A side benefit is when you pack for a trip and grab your razor , you KNOW it 's always 100 % charged and will probably have enough juice to last the entire trip without dragging the charger along.OK , maybe the charger is not as bad as I make it out to be . I just think it could be better . I give it 3 stars , while the razor itself gets a full 5 stars .
 So far I have had this product for 2 weeks.Norelco 8825XL gives a much closer shave than my previous norelco product which I had a few yrs ago . Easy to clean as well.Nothing negative to report so far .
 This thing rocks . Although it has a steep price tag for an ice pack , it is definitely worth it - I wish I never wasted my money on other cheap $ 10 ones from the drugstore . I am 8 months out of surgery and this DuraKold pack is great to wrap around my knee after playing soccer . It is way better than the CryoCuff the hospital gave me after surgery . Although it is not as cold as a bag of ice directly on the skin , it is colder than any other reusable ice pack I have used . As far as I can tell , after an 1 hour or so of use it does n't seem to lose its cooling effect.It would be helpful if the company listed the dimensions for the different sizes . I have an XL , which measures roughly 1ft by 2 ft.
 Excellent product ; great service !! Just had bilateral knee surgery -LRB- both knees replaced -RRB- Feb 20th . I had a durakold wrap from a previous injury so I knew what to purchase . This wrap has been a god-send !!!!
 I had one of these wrapped around my knee after Artheroscopic knee surgery in 2004 . Always kept it in the freezer to put on aches , pains . For the past two years I have been using it on my hips , knee and shoulder . It was beginning to show wear and leaked a little sometimes ; so I started searching for a new one . The Medical Supply Store had nothing like it and were going to order one in a 12 '' x 12 '' size for $ 50.00 . Said no , and told them that I was going to search the Web . Found this right away and ordered it . Is is worth the price and stays cold for hours . BUY IT ! YOU 'LL LIKE IT !!
 THIS IS WONDERFUL . I ACTUALLY BOUGHT IT FOR USE ON THE BACK . YOU CAN USE TO THE STRAPS TO ATTACH TO THE BACK OF A CHAIR AND IT CREATES A SMOOTH BLANKET OF ICE FOR YOUR BACK
 DuraKold provides a complete wrap around my knee and very effictive . Easy to put on and take off . The velcro straps make it much easier to use and then when your done just roll it up and put it in the freezer , pretty easy ...
 I bought 4 of these after knee surgery in Vale , Colorado 15 years ago at the Steadman-Hawkins clinic at their recommendation . They are absolutely fantastic . Expensive , YES , but they are worth every penny . I have had a dozen athletic injuries and as many surgeries , You will not find a better product to ice and injury or surgery.They will not burn your skin and will last about 40 minutes which is all you want per session . Throw them in the freezer and they are ready to go again in about 2 hours . Buy 2 or 3 so you have fresh ones at all times . I 've had neighbors and friends want to pay me $ 20 because I let them have them for a week.Make sure you get the right size . I have the 8 '' x 20 '' which is a `` LARGE '' and works for knees , arms etc but they make speciality products for shoulders etc. . Mine are in the freezer at all times . Buy um you 'll loveum .
 I ordered this ice pack knee wrap for use after Knee replacement surgery . I am very pleased with it as it stays quite cold and fits well .
 This ice wrap is quite like the one given to me at the time of my first knee surgery from Dec2003 . I still have it . It 's held up well -LRB- same brand -RRB- I just wanted a `` back up '' ice wrap . This new one is WONDERFUL ! You do n't have to worry about ice leaking or shifting -LRB- and freezing one spot -RRB- while this product is in use . This entire wrap has several 2 `` x2 '' -LRB- aprox . -RRB- little plastic pockets that are filled with water . Because of their small size , each ice pocket will have contact to the area in need of ice . This makes icing your knee down after a game of basketball or a few too many squats a lot easier . The stretchy band allows for equal and sufficient pressure of the wrap .
 Came in handy after surgery . Did n't quite fit around mu knee because of swelling , but could be placed next to my skin without burning . Stays cold for a long time .
 My husband recently had bilateral knee replacements and needed an ice pack that he could wrap around the knees . We already had one from my son 's usage , and since he needed two so he could ice at the same time , this fit the bill as I was checking your website . It could not have been better . After eight weeks , he is still using this product with satisfaction .
 i ordered the medium size and was very i happy i did , as it is fairly large . i ca n't imagine how big the marketed large size would be . it 's of very good quality , and i have boiled it several times without noticing any type of wear or tear.i wound say the medium size most resembles what would be used at your ob/gyn -LRB- as a general reference -RRB- .
 I 'm not much of a beard expert , or one with long-standing experience in the matter , but this trimmer did everything I wanted it to
 This trimmer is awesome . Rechargeable -LRB- nicad -RRB- , 9 length settings , and it only cuts the hairs you want due to the full enclosure over the blades . You could buy one of the more expensive ones with a lithium battery , lcd display , and vacuum , but do you really NEED all that out of a trimmer ? Pick this bad boy up , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Great trimmer - fast and powerful . Does get hairs everywhere , but it 's a lot cheaper than trimmers with built-in vacuums .
 Item was shipped on time , and works great . Great price , and easy to use . I like to cut my hair with this beard trimmer , since the additional settings allow my to better control the length of my hair !
 This is a great and affordable trimmer . I 've been using it for a almost two months now , and I 'm liking it a lot . No need to hassle with individual attachable guide combs to choose the length of hair you want to cut . This trimmer an adjustable guide comb operated with a switch . And battery life is excellent . For the two months which I have been using it , I 've only had to recharge only twice -LRB- I use it twice a week to do a quick touch-up on my facial hair and sideburns -RRB- . Overall , I would recommend this to any of my friends or family members .
 I started growing my present beard 3-4 weeks ago . My only complaint is that the directions are sorely lacking in how to use this trimmer . There is no picture with the adjustable length attachment in place & not nearly enough words to save stress in figuring out which way to use it without cutting your beard very short or at the desired length . I finally figured it out this morning & with fear tried it & I had figured right . It worked great , but had I not thought it through for the past couple of weeks , it could have been a beard disaster . I think I will enjoy using the trimmer now that I figured it out and tested it . I have had beards previously in my life with no electric trimmer but this time will be a more pleasant experience at controlling the length & style . So the only reason I did not give the trimmer 5 stars is because of the crummy directions .
 I have a beard , so I need something reliable to keep it evenly trimmed . I would n't go with any other trimmer besides the Remington MB-200 . The razor length is adjustable to nine different lengths with a simple scrolling wheel , so you can cut your beard and body hair down to any length you want . The blades are titanium coated , so they 'll last long and there 's no need to sharpen them . Cleaning is easy , too . The top opens up , and you simply blow or shake the hair out . Charging is a cinch ; just plug it in and let it charge , and a charging indicator lets you know when it 's finished charging.It seems that a lot of people are complaining about the life span of the razor 's rechargeable battery . I 'm thinking some people might have faulty razors , but this is my second one and I 'm happy with the battery life . When it 's new you should get a few uses out of it before you have to charge it again . Like with any rechargeable device , you should only charge it when the battery is running low for maximum battery life . After a year or so of regular use , you 'll notice that you have to charge it a bit more frequently , but this is the case with all rechargable devices , so it 's not that big of a deal.My only real complaint with the MB-200 is that the hinge that allows you to clean inside of the razor is plastic . It should n't break if you 're careful with it , so just do n't drop it repeatedly . Otherwise , the fact that it 's plastic is n't that big of a deal , and it helps keep the cost way down . I first had an older version of the MB-200 , and it lasted a few years -LRB- until Feb. 2011 -RRB- until I dropped it on my bathroom floor , breaking one of the plastic hinges and one of the teeth on the comb.I should also mention that this is n't an electric/corded trimmer ; it 's cordless . For the best performance , you have to charge it fully before unplugging it and using it.The bottom line
 Trims wells . . Fits the hand nicely . Wish it would trim closerso beard margin was sharper or more distinct . Would recommend .
 I bought this for my son , but my husband is about to take it over . They both love it . My husband said it is much more powerful than the one he is currently using and does a better job as well . Guess I need to buy another one .
 I 've been using this for about two weeks now and have yet to have to recharge the battery . It seems to deliver what is promised . The speed is good for a battery unit and does n't snag on tough beards . The design is ergonamic and the features are easy to use . It is simply the best beard trimmer I have ever had , and I have been trimming my beard for close to 40 years .
 Excellent product . I use my beard rather short , and for that this trimmer does a superb job . I charged it the first time , have used it every other day since then , it 's been two weeks and there is no sign I need to recharge it again yet . Trims smoothly and cleaning it is as easy as brushing it lighly . I 'm delighted that I do n't have to use any oil to clean it . Great choice .
 good shaver lots of battery life quick charge lots of trim setting and gives a good uniform cut
 My beard is like a wire brush and shaving is like ... well shaving a wire brush . Thus far I could n't be happier I will buy these again .
 I retract my primarily favorable review that I wrote after using the trimmer a couple of times . In the 5th month I was unable to locate the recharger -LRB- it uses an unconventional pin that inserts into the base of the trimmer -RRB- . I finally located it , and it 's apparently been charging -LRB- i.e. , the green light is on -RRB- for two days . However , to no effect . The unit is completely dead.This is a shaver available at a number of places on the internet at prices ranging from $ 15 to $ 60 . Since I did n't play the latter for it , I 'm disinclined to go to the bother and time of having it repaired . It was wasted money.Even though the Remington is more precise that the Panasonic it replaces , the Panasonic had an ingenious rechargable plug that jack-knifed open from the base , permitting the entire shaver to be inserted in the AC and ensuring against loss of AC connection . I would look for either that feature or go with regular battery-operated -LRB- a permanently connected electrical cord is also worth considering -RRB- . Obviously , I got a lemon , or a bad charger . Nevertheless , best not to spend more than $ 10 on these and to regard them as disposable -- more potentially irritating gadgetry in our cluttered lives .
 Glad I read the other reviews about how well the Remington MB-200 works.Completely satisfied .
 I bought this item after the charger on my Philips Norelco T765 got toasted.The trim is quick and painless - powerful motor , effective blades . Construction quality is a notch above that of my old Philips Norelco T765 . The wheel-adjusted height is a nice feature and very convenient . The blades come pre-lubed and seem of good quality . The head is relatively easy to clean . However , some product descriptions seem to imply that it is rinsable - which is absolutely not the case . So do n't get fooled -LRB- like I did -RRB- . Otherwise a good product that does the job well , and at a low price point . What else do we need ?
 I purchased this trimmer based on previous Remmington products that I 've owned . I have only used it a few times and have had no issues . The setting I have it on holds and does not move when using it . I love it !
 Brilliantly designed . Total quality . This is the only item i have ever felt compelled enough to write a review on . I use it to maintain my beard as well as cut the sizes of my hair . If i could rate it ten stars i would . One of the best purchases i have ever made .
 After heart surgery I 've decided to let my beard grow and this trimmer works great . I was concerned about getting trimmed too closely and perhaps getting nicked . Taking blood thinners can make getting nicked a real problem so was delighted that this trimmer allows us amateurs to work well and safely . Another triumph for Amazon !
 Device is simple , inexpensive , and very easy to use . I 'm very happy with the purchase.It 's effective trimming both my beard and mustache . The thumbwheel used to set the length of the hair has a wide adjustable range and has clearly visible numbers so you can always dial in the same setting that works best for you . The recharging technology for this trimmer is NiCAD . For Li-ION , you 'd probably have to pay a bit more .
 I have had a beard since I was 19 . I have a skin condition and shaving breaks me out something terrible . Also I hate shaving , it 's not natural for a man to scrap off all his facial hair on a regular basis . Thus many years ago I recieved as a gift a Remington beard trimmer . I loved it right out of the box.Beard trimmers have to be the best invention of the 20th/21st century . Now a man can have a beard but keep it tight . Thanks to beard trimmers most men now in America sport some sort of facial hair.My first Remington performed great , was built of a sturdy composit material and stayed relatively sharp . My biggest complaint with it was after about 3 years , the battery life died on it . It would not hold a charge . I would charge it for 3 hours and if I was lucky it may last 20 minutes.Thus I ordered myself the Remington MB-200 Titanium Mustache and Beard Trimmer off Amazon and can say so far I have no real complaints.The design of this newer model is almost exactly the same to my old one . So if you are a die hard Remington fan you will not have to go through any re-ajusting . It cuts good , the blades are sharp and lubricated well . NOTE , never run water under the shaver head to clean it , this washes away the lubricent . This model has the same beard height `` wheel '' you turn with your knumb to ajust cutting height.The battery life is great so far . I probably could trim my beard charging only every other time if I wanted too . The old shaver I had used Nichol-Cadium batteries . I am not sure if the newer model uses this outdated type or if they have switched to lithium . Either way , know that overcharging your shaver which I am prone to do at times , damages batteries . That may have been why my older model died on me.My only other complaint is the plastic on this new model feels a little bit `` cheap '' . I get the feeling that if I dropped it , -LRB- like I did with my old model never resulting in breakage -RRB- , this new model would break . So I guess I 'll need to be careful and not drop it . -- To buy or not to buy ? -- This is a solid buy , if the price it right . I only paid around 14.99 for mine off Amazon . They 're going for more right now . Wait around for a price reduction and I am sure you can get this great trimmer for a great price . -- Final thought -- If you are looking for a good way to clean out the trimmer head when it gets clogged with hair , pop up the top and go outside and blast it with a few shots of canned compressed air . Best way I 've found to clean it , that little brush they give you just does n't cut it sometimes.Well good luck and remember a well grommed man is a successful man.And as always sorry for any misspellings and grammer errors . I went to public school , where my principal looked like Grizzly Adams and my teachers would reminisce out loud about the old days , when they could have beaten us when we were bad .
 I 'm really digging this Trimmer had it a few weeks now and I really like how it trims and love the guard on it.I think it could even do a good job on trimming down my hair -LRB- on my head -RRB- if I needed it too.It was a great buy !
 This is the second one of these that I have bought . The first on gave long and excellent service and , no , it did not wear out -- it got lost when my wife and I moved to new quarters . It does a great job . I do not , however , know how long it retains its power when not in use and not being charged so if that is important to you it might be best to read more reviews . For my use it is definitely rates five stars
 Product lives up to my expectations . I have a full beard and use the product to trim it at setting `` 3 '' -LRB- slightly longer than stubble -RRB- . Excellent quality , especially given the price . The construction is solid and does not feel flimsy or fragile . The adjustable head has flexible `` teeth '' which look like it could break easily if handled roughly . But this is hardly an issue for its intended use . Very good battery life . I like the fact that the cutting blades are hinged and can be lifted and cleaned from underneath , no special tools required . Highly recommend.Update
 My husband really likes this shaver and I am glad he purchased it . The shaver works well and I recommend it
 For the price of $ 25.00 when I bought it , this is definitely a great product . I love that the trimmer can adjust to 9 different trimming lengths with just 1 comb instead of multiple attachments that takes time to replace , takes up space to pack and can possibly get lost.The trimmer claims to have self-sharpening blades but I have n't owned this product long enough to validate this claim.This trimmer is rechargeable through a provided AC adapter . It does come with its own LED charging indicator , however NOTE that the LED will only tell you that the unit is charging ; it will not tell you when the charge is complete . The charging indicator is simply what it is , a light to tell you that the unit is indeed charging , that 's it.The trimmer DOES run while it is being charged but I do not know if this means that it is indeed running while charging simultaneously . I will have to drain the battery one day and test this out for sure.As for the performance of the trimmer . It does what it 's advertised to do . My beard is nicely trimmed . The unit is very sturdy since I do apply a fair amount of pressure when I trim and not once has the comb slipped down to its shorter length settings . I do n't have very thick facial hair so therefore the trimmer cuts nicely . I do not know if it is powerful enough to handle people with very thick facial/body hair.It definitely does work as a body trimmer as well .
 I 've had one of these for 2 years now and it has not given me any problems . I use the trimmer on its lowest setting to quickly shave off enough stubble to be considered clean-enough for work . The battery holds a charge for an impressive amount of time ; I 've been surprised to be able to shave without charging after not using the trimmer for a month . If I had to complain at all about the product I would say that , when it is getting low on battery , it starts to wind down and you can feel it losing power . This has become worse as the trimmer has aged . It 's not much of an inconvenience though . Just plug it back in for at least 30-45 minutes and you should be able to get through a single shave . Bottom line
 GREAT TRIMMER , FAST SHIPPING :-RRB- IT WAS PRESENT FOR MY HUSBAND AT BIRTHDAY SOOOO MY HUSBAND LIKE IT VERY MATCH . IT WORKS VERY GOOD . THANKS A LOT : -RRB-
 so far it works great , it 's remington i think you are going to be satisfied with this one . it does n't have many parts so i love it ` cos they wont get lost !
 I had bought two of these . The first pair was for my dad and he loves the trimmer . I would use it on my son 's hair too and the cuts came out beautifully . I had bought a cheapo hair cutter that broke so I ordered myself one of these to cut my son 's hair . He is 14 months old and tolerates this just fine . The 9 length settings are great and you can remove the guard to use just the blade . I would definitely recommend this product .
 If you are looking for a liner to shave and to line your hair and beard up , you came to the wrong place . Go buy a Andis Outliner . It will line your hair and beard up crisp and clean . But if you are looking for a Mustache/Beard trimmer , you came to the RIGHT PLACE.I initially was looking for something to shave and something to line with . That is not the case with this product . It does EXACTLY as it says it does . It trims and edges just well enough for you to have a nice beard . The built in comb is FANTASTIC . I used it to keep a small goatee , while removing it to cleanse my face of any and all unwanted hair . It cuts CLOSE at level one , and even closer when you take off the gaurd . Just a little bit above the Outliner I was speaking about earlier . Me personally , because I 'm young -LRB- 18 -RRB- and do not have alot of facial hair , I simply keep it at a nice 3 . It keeps my face hair dark and visible yet not thick . This brings me to the complaints I 've heard about the built in comb.While I do agree with some people , it feels odd to take it off as you feel as you may brake it in the beginning , you get used to it . I fear that because it is NOT very thick it COULD break , but because my beard is not very thick it would not be a big problem for me . This is partly because it comes with a mini comb also to use for say eye brow trimming -LRB- watch out ! I have not attempted this and do not recommend it if you are NOT confident in your abilities -RRB- . This is still a shame as it is a very good adition especially when it has 9 levels from border line afro , to level one 5oClock Shadow.I have had this item for about 2 months now . It is a very good product and I recommend it for its use . I have heard problems about it dying on you in the first year and what not , BUT do n't be afraid as it COMES WITH A 2 YEAR WARRANTY FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ca n't stress this enough . Simply keep the box and the instruction manual it comes with and you should be fine for the next 2 years . It does NOT work when plugged in so -LRB- run on AC current -RRB- so it is a problem , but just follow the directions in the instruction booklet -LRB- Such as NOT leaving it charged 24/7 , and letting the battery die FULLY every 6 months -RRB- and you SHOULD be fine . If not , there is always that 2 year warranty Lol.Final Thoughts : Overall I 'm happy with my purchase . It does exactly as its advertised -LRB- except for the water thing , NEVER PUT WATER ON IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it comes with SELF SHARPENING BLADE and a CLEANING BRUSH ! If you put water on it , it will ruin it ! -RRB- and gets the job done fairly well for its pricing . The only con is it does NOT do Tape Ups for a hair line like I hoped it would , but thats my own foolish assumptions . Any way if you would like to keep your bear/moostachio in mint condition this does the job well with no nicking and cutting , a smooth cut , and a strong battery ! I recomend it 4/5 stars !
 I really like this trimmer . It seems strong -LRB- we 'll see how it goes given the batter is new -RRB- . The charge holds for a long time . I think I have n't charged it in at month or more . Itas n't failed me yet and I use weekly -LRB- not a heavy user -RRB- . I like the ergonomic design -- the shape is rather interesting -LRB- apparently for male use :--RRB- -RRB- . The size of the head is just right for trimming my mustache and gotee.It seems like a solid device . At a good price , I think it 's a great value . Would absolutely buy again if I had to do it all over . Would absolutely recommend .
 I really like this trimmer . . The design is cool - you can set it to trim at different lengths without having to change any clips ... So convenient ! I do n't know how long it will last , but I think if I take good care of it it should last me a while .
 Bought this because my husband 's last one died and we were desperate for another one ! The price was right -LRB- around $ 15 -RRB- and we like the fact that it has the adjustable height without having to change the trimmer head . It does a good job.We wish it would work when plugged in -LRB- if it has lost its charge , and you plug it in , you have to wait for it to recharge before being able to use it , as opposed to being to use it while plugged in -RRB- . The fact that it does n't have a `` base '' for charging -LRB- just a cord you plug in -RRB- does n't matter to us , but it might to some consumers so please be aware that you 'll have to lay it flat somewhere .
 I do regularly shave , but due to boils in my skin , I am unable to shave and I was growing beard . So decided to trim off extra hair , I searched for a cheaper yet better trimmer and found the reviews about this product.Ordered and got it in 2 days . Thanks to Amazon for super fast shipping . Got well before ... Initially I did n't know how to use it and I was in a feeling that is it really trimming ... But after reading the instructions , I figured it out how to use it and trust me it gives a closest shaved look without touching the skin and no plucking sensation and irritation . Its very handy to hold and do under arm trimming too.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to maintain trimmed mustache/goatee/french beard
 The best trimmer I have ever had . Now when I kiss the wife just after using it she does n't complain about sharp pokey things sticking her like needles !!!
 Works like a charm the battery has a long life , it is adjustable to your needs and very easy to wash.For the price it is a great bargain .
 I bought one a year ago stilli n service today ... no snags nothing cutting hair cutting facial hair . Bought 5 more of these for everyone for chirstmas . . very great product ... no battery 's ! I leave it plugged in . . use it ... plug it back in ... simple great wonderful !
 Had one before giving it to my son who took a liking to it !! Reliable and functional product . Solid and well made .
 This is a very useful product for a new beard person , light weight and easy to use . It is also a lot of fun getting use to the settings . Excellent value .
 This is the first beard trimmer I have ever owned . But I am very pleased with the product it is easy to use and clean . I have had this trimmer about 3 months and it has performed flawlessly . I do wish they would make some sort of stand to hold the trimmer in while not in use . Other than that it is a fine product for the money .
 This is a trimmer I have used for a few years now and I love it . As long as they keep making it I 'll keep buying them .
 Remington MB-200 Titanium Mustache and Beard Trimmer . What a great trimmer , this is the third one I have ordered as gifts . All the guys that received them say that they really like the clean cut they get and that they do n't have to change the head to adjust the length desired with the built in adjustible head . I will be buying a couple more as Christmas gifts . I still ca n't believe the price plus my shipping was free .
 No problems yet . Have used it only once . Works well . For the price . I am giving the trimmer a 4 star approval . All was as advertized . Will make another review . After a couple of months .
 Trimmer is perfect for keeping my beard a nice length . The adjustment wheel allows me to trim closely in some places and to maintain a little longer trim in other places . I was a little wary based on some of the reviews , but this trimmer is all I expected and at a reasonable price .
 Awesome !!! dont have to worry about losing attachments or attachments BREAKING ! ... Works great ! My last groomer wasgood but little by little the attachments started breaking ! No worries with this one !
 I am satisfied with the performance of this razor and would buy it again . However , it is not perfect . The blades could be sharper and the on/off switch seems to be designed for a southpaw .
 I use the lowest setting and it is pretty good . so far has stayed sharp . I do wish it could cut shorter since i like a stubble look but you can not go wrong with the price .
 Very usefull , better than anticitated . I use it at least every three days on my beard . For the money you cant go wrong .
 The titanium mustache and beard trimmer is amazing and worth every penny . It comes with a comb and brush to clean the blades as well.Highly reccommended
 I 'd been using an older model , the MB-30 , for about half a dozen years , and it had gotten to the point where the battery would n't hold much more than the charge for 1 trim , so I decided to look elsewhere . I thought it was completely shot , as the blades had slowed and it pulled terribly . However , after I gave the blades a thorough cleaning , it worked better . I saw that the MB-200 occasionally dropped under fifteen bucks , so I bided my time and picked one up for the right price.I am so pleased with the Remington MB-200 cordless titanium beard and mustache trimmer ! Here are the pros and cons , as I see them : Pros : Blades move faster than the older model.No pulling on beard or mustache while trimming hair.Quieter than the older model.More ergonomically comfortable to hold than the older model.The height adjustment wheel really locks in the height , so you do n't find yourself suddenly trimming at a shorter length because you pressed too hard.As the `` comb '' -LRB- guide ? -RRB- is attached , there are less parts to lose.The AC adapter is much smaller than the older model and I can plug other things next to it , though it is a squeeze.Less expensive than most other models out now , without sacrificing quality.Cons
 As compared with price , I am satisfied with this product.Its size , charging , work , capacity will not disappoint you.My decsion to buy this , product for my newly grown beard , based upon the comments , I hope other guys who are thinking about having a beard , will be benefited by these words .
 This beard trimmer has been amazing . It has easily adjustable length settings that are by number , so you do n't have to guess each time how long to set it . The battery , which you charge by plugging into the wall , lasts about 3 weeks -LRB- I use it about every 3-4 days -RRB- and is quick to charge . Also , it 's very easy to clean and feels very solid - no pulled hairs.I highly recommend this beard trimmer .
 I have been using it for few months now and I even trimmed my hair with it once . It is excellent for beard since it has adjustable spacing . . from 1 - 9 . You can even remove the plastic spacer and use the trimmer for precise edges . Highly recommend it , especially at price Amazon has it .
 I am more than satisfied with my purchase . I bought the trimmer because I saw it was on sale at the time and had been looker for one . I was a little reluctant at first but four stars is n't bad . Some of the poor ratings for not having this such as a stand are unfair complaints since you did n't purchase an expensive trimmer with a stand . It does everything its supposed to and works great.After a few months of use , my trimmer stopped working . I contacted customer service . Within 24 hrs I had a reply with simple detailed instructions on getting a replacement . Shipped it out next day . In less than two weeks time I had my replacement trimmer . Awesome support from Remington .
 This is a top notch product . It is constantly sharp and never pulls hairs . I have used it everyday for two months and have never had to charge it . It has nine settings and a close trim option . Excellent product .
 Great shaver at a decent price . I have only had it for a bit but it does a fantastic job making clear trims . Other cheaper shavers do n't seem to work stick with this one its easy to use and not very noisy .
 I 've been using the MB-200 for at least three years now . My previous one broke after I dropped it . I 've noticed that other reviewers are saying that they had issues with the battery , but I have n't had any . I used my previous one at least twice a week for three years and I 've never had a problem . For the money , I 've never found a better model of trimmers . I feel that this is an excellent value , which is why I bought an extra one in case they discontinue the model . Great value at Amazon too .
 I am very happy with the purchase . I use it without the guide and the trimming feels smooth , no bumps or cuts .
 MB-200 cool ... I 've tried to purchased from remington website before but there is no shipping to asia , product is in a good condition , i believed it will be last for a couple of years
 Excellent trimmer , works very well on my sideburns and beard . Ive been using it for about a year now and the only downside ive ever seen is the battery charge wears down quite fast if you dont keep it plugged in .
 This product is very easy to use , cleans up nice and is priced very reasonable .
 This Trimmer is working as expected and doing well . It 's just a couple of times I used it until now , but is working well . Must see how long it will last . But is good value for money .
 I love this trimmer . It is fantastic . Doesnt pull the hair out , nice smooth trim . And not having to take on and off attachments is a huge plus.Highly Recommended .
 This is a great trimmer that is easy to clean and gives great levels of trimming length.Love it .
 Works great and just what I wanted.Good price too.Woody
 I got a trimmer from walmart without seeing any reviews about that product . It looks good but works bad . I returned that and looking for a good one . I have a good experience with amazon from a long time . I believe their reviews it really works for me . I found this trimmer with a good review and got it . This is really a good trimmer better than my previous one . Works great , fast and reasonable price .
 Performs as I had hoped it would . Awsome battery life , lots of height adjustments . Happy with purchase .
 Perfect traveling trimmer . I have a full beard and mustache , and could n't be happier with this . It does n't have a base , just plug charger into the bottom end , which makes this ideal for taking on the road.Update a year later . This thing is still the best trimmer I have ever purchased . I do n't even bother with my $ 100 setup . Holds a charge well , and the guard never slips .
 I bought this to replace my MB-10 which I had for 6 years . The first cut proved that I made the correct choice . Hope it lasts as long as my last Remington !!!!!
 I 've been using one of these for about 2 months now & I 'm satisfied with its performance . I use it once or twice a week to trim my beard & it 's still running on the 1st day 's charge . I 'd recommend it .
 I had a trimmer for 15 years and it finaly gave up the ghost . I now own the replacement model and it performs great . So far so good . It holds a charge a long time and it is easy to keep clean . I highly recomend it .
 This is a great trimmer . Very easy to operate . The guard is easy to attach and reattach as needed . It does what i wanted which is to keep my goatee looking neat . The only complaint really is the battery life . I only use it once a week anyway so its not a factor .
 This is a good shaver also . A bit to big . holds a charge for a long time and has sharp blades .
 This is the third trimmer I 've used and I would definitely give a big thumbs up for it.The trimming is very smooth and accurate and hardly takes any time.I like this product so much that I 'm ordering my next one from as far away asIndia .
 I got it for my husband and he seems to like it and no complaint as he puts it .
 I have used a Norelco for the past 8 years . The battery died and forced me to move on . Quickly , the Remington is better when it comes to grip , height adjustment and balance in the hand . It is the same for cutting and trimming . The grudge I have is the sharpness of the cutting edge leads . When you move it across your face they are sharp and irritating . No doubt in time , my skin will acclamate . But it is noticable . If the battery lasts , it will have been a solid replacement .
 Gave this as a gift to my bf . Hard to find a device that 's specifically for trimming your beard/mustache . He has n't tried it yet so I ca n't say for sure how well it works . I 'm only going by the reviews .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT AND IGNORED SOME OF THE SENSELESS REVIEWS I READ HERE.I WISH I KNEW WHAT SOME PEOPLE HAVE IN THEIR HEADS TO WRITE SUCH SENSELESS THINGS.THIS PRODUCT COULD N'T BE ANY BETTER , SIMPLE.IT 'S PERFECT.WHEN REVIEWS SAYING UNTRUE THINGS A BOUT A PRODUCT ARE WRITTEN , IT MAKES EVERYONE 'S BUYING EXPERIENCE MISERABLE.PLEASE MAKE SURE TO PAY ATTENTION AND BE HONEST WHEN DOING SO , OTHERWISE , STAY HOME AND WATCH T.V. ... THANKS
 I bought this for my husband for Valentine 's Day and he loves it !
 My old Remington MB-10 lasted a very long time . Must be something like 10-15 years . The motor finally died , so I needed a replacement . Found something from another brand at a discount department store for ten bucks . What a piece of junk that was . I returned that that day after I bought it . Just ordered the Remington MB-200 on Amazon . If the quality is as good as my old Remington beard trimmer , I expect to be very satisfied .
 This product has worked well for me . Get a close shave with just a little stubble left . I 've used it 4 or 5 times now without having to recharge it after the initial charge . Easy grip , easy to alter the lengths of the shave . Product arrived promptly . Do n't know what else is needed , hence the 5 stars .
 This Remington is an excellent value and does a great job . This trimmer pays for itself when comparing the cost of paying the local barber to trim my beard . There is no downside on this purchase . Highly recommended to anyone in the market for a mustache and beard trimmer .
 A review for a beard trimmer does n't need to be lengthy - they 're basic devices . They need to : -LRB- a -RRB- trim your beard well , and -LRB- b -RRB- not break.I have had many different beard trimmers over the years and , surprisingly , this is the only one that has performed these two functions without fail.For the money , pick up this no thrills but exceptionally functional beard trimmer . Unless you need your beard trimmer to perform five other superfluous functions , you will not be disappointed .
 I always used Wahl trimmers but the last one i bought was a piece of junk so i switched to a Remington beard trimmer based on all the favorable reviews.I am very happy with my new purchase.It has good hand feel and balance and has many settings for various lengths.I used the lowest setting and was left with only a stubble of a beard but that was my own fault.I kind of like the look it gave me.There is no more oiling which is a nice feature.It came fully charged out of the package which was nice.There is no charging stand to hold unit while charging which is not a problem for me.All in all it seems to be a well built unit that should last for years ...
 I just bought this to replace a larger trimmer I have had for a few years . I like this model a lot . The cutting length guide is small enough to easily trim under your chin and above your lip . There are no attachments , just the attached guide . I prefer it that way . I am tried of getting a bunch of plastic crap with every trimmer I buy when I just use one piece . It cuts hair well without tugging or pain . The adjustment wheel is like a mouse scroll wheel and functions a lot easier and smoother than most crude `` snapping '' adjustments on other trimmers . The only problem is that the guide does n't appear to lock in place . Granted it takes a reasonable amount of force to adjust it and I do n't think you will adjust it by pressing up against your face , but you could potentially bump / roll the wheel and adjust it inadvertently.I like the prodcut a lot for facial hair trimming . I have used 4 or 5 trimmers over the years and this is the best . It 's pretty cheap too .
 Thanks ... . I love this one . I have had a few different brands types over the years , but this one really works ... We 'll see how long it lasts ...
 Product was exactly as described and works great . Great trimmer for the price and I love that it is cordless as well . This was exactly what I was looking for . So far so good
 You simply ca n't find any thing wrong with this trimmer . After the charge recommended , it Just trimmed and trimmed without stopping . The adjustments are perfect and I use 3 as my setting for lenght of beard .
 After my Braun shaver 's beard trimmer function puked , I started looking for a replacement . Reading various reviews , it became apparent that a beard trimmer by itself was what I really needed . Based on other reviews here I purchased the Remington trimmer and have used it for several months . I could n't be more pleased with it . This thing is super light weight , very easy to hold and just a delight after struggling with my shaver 's mediocre trimming attachment . Wish I had known about this thing years ago . It actually came out of the box with a mostly charged battery and was ready to use , something I do n't think I 've ever encountered . The multiple settings make getting the right length easy and it seems to hold a charge for a really long time . I 'm quite pleased , and think it is amazing for the price .
 Works perfectly on my thick coarse beard hairs . I recommend starting on the highest setting and working down based on how long you are looking for . There is a big difference between 8 and 7 . 7 is much shorter than I wanted but 8 is just right .
 My husband uses this 3 + times a week . We have had it a full 2 years now and it still works great . He does say that he has to use a scissors to trim when he is done because it does n't trim it evenly everywhere . I do n't know if that is a general problem or him or what . He is very happy with it though .
 After owning several Wahl trimmers , I wanted something more reliable but did n't want to break the bank . This product is perfect and was on sale for $ 14.77 . This product feels well built , the charge lasts for and weeks , and has nice adjustable guard for various lengths and for trimming sensitive areas that is also removable for precise beard and mustache trimming.My only reason for 4 star is the misleading `` Made in PRC '' label which I do not believe is a TLA -LRB- Three Letter Acronym -RRB- for `` Puerto Rico Commonwealth '' but more likely `` People 's Republic of China . '' Really Remington , are you really that concerned to have a `` Made in China '' sticker on your product when I believe all Apple products and just about every other high tech device I own was probably made there ? 5 star product well built in China minus 1 star for trying to hide it .
 WARNING
 It 's fast and easy to use . Although It does n't shave really close as I was expecting . So , if want to shave , like those hairs in the neck you 'll need a real shaver or razor . If it had it would be the fitfth star .
 Best Price , Best Value . I must have given 5 star if it has come up with a charging stand .
 The trimmer is easy to adjust . Hair does n't get pulled or left uncut . I 've used it a dozen times or more and have n't had to recharge it yet . It does what it 's supposed to and it 's relatively inexpensive . I 'm a very satisfied customer .
 I had a Remington MB-30 that I bought back in the 90s , and it lasted so long and served me so well that I would not buy any other brand . I was afraid that they might have cheapened their products over the years , but I was pleasantly surprise by the improvements instead . It 's so MUCH quieter and has the same sturdy feel . In some ways , it feels even sturdier.Another nice improvement is that the middle teeth in the length guard -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- are now flexible to fit the contour of your face . The outside edges of the guard are still stiff to keep the beard at the chosen length . This did make it hard for me to remove the guard at first until I learned to grab the other sides of the guard when removing it.I highly recommend this product and I 'll let you know if this one lasts 15 years like my old one did !
 I have had this trimmer for over a year now . My main use is to trim my mustache -LRB- where I use it without the cutting-length comb -RRB- , however I also use it occasionally to shape and trim my beard -LRB- using the comb -RRB- . It works well and the battery lasts quite a long time between charges -- I think I have charged it twice since I received it . The power switch and length dial work well , and it has a nice range of length settings available . The only negative comment I would make is that it is louder than previous trimmers I have owned which may bother some folks , but that has not been a problem for me .
 I purchased this Remington to replace an older model that is nearly identical to this one , that I 've used continuously for the last fifteen years . I thought I 'd have to settle for a cheaper and inferior design after this much time has passed , but luckily that was n't the case . The old model was n't titanium but it also never needed lubrication . I prefer to trim my beard short , about every other day , but nine length settings should be more than enough to handle anyone 's preference . The model I replaced still worked perfectly , but the internal batteries were showing their age and needed to be charged more often than when they were new , which is a standard characteristic of NiCad batteries whether they 're used in flashlights , portable drills , electric toothbrushes , or whatever . With such a low replacement cost , I just decided I wanted to purchase a new one . My past experience has been completely trouble-free ownership , at a purchase cost of half a cent per day for fifteen years , but that 's just me . With millions sold , even brand-new BMWs sometimes experience a problem that requires repair or replacement , and that 's no indication of low quality . So I find it entertaining to read mostly 5-star reviews with an occasional rabid review that was triggered by anyone who has experienced a problem with a product .
 Remmington 's MB-200 trimmer certainly is not among the most expensive mustache and beard trimmers on the market , and it 's fairly minimalistic , but it works well , holds a charge quite well , and seems sturdy enough to provide months and months and months of service . The trimmer does have a few quirks , though . Although the numbered wheel that allows the user to dial in the correct hair length works well , it is placed just where the user might think the on/off switch would be . The other quirky aspect of the trimmer is that it really provides the most consistent beard length when it 's used in what some users might think of as an upside-down position . Once the user gets used to these little oddities , though , the MB-200 is fully usable and well worth the price .
 This is the best beard trimmer I 've had so far . Have tried 2 other ones and they dont compare to this by remington.The trimmer feels great in the hand and does n't feel cheap and krappy.And it cuts very well and smoothly , easy to clean , and you only have 1 piece so you do n't have to worry about losing pieces and having to switch pieces.All in all if you 're looking for a beard trimmer this is the best one out for the price .
 I purchased this beard trimmer 5 months ago for my fella - he loved it until it just stopped working or taking any charge whatsoever -LRB- we even ordered a new charger from Remington -RRB- about 5 months in . I e-mailed Remington and they told me to mail the trimmer and my receipt to them and they would further investigate . 3 weeks later , they sent a brand new and way upgraded model to us free of charge ! Thank you Remington - I am so impressed by your customer service !
 This trimmer meets my needs perfectly . As a new beard and mustache wearer I did not know what would work best . But this trimmer does the job being easy to adjust the trim amount simply i without changing parts t ; just change the dial . Trim your mustache shorter than your beard ; just change the dial . Perfect .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . I just started growing a beard and had no idea of what type of trimmerI should get . I checked online and saw reviews for this trimmer and the $ 15 price tag and went for the purchase . Could n't be happier with my decision , charged it twice and it gets used every day and has plenty of battery life , owned over two months .
 I love this trimmer . The trim guard is at the right levels , easy to adjust and provides a solid cut . The grip is great and it 's easy to clean . The only unfortunate side is that there is no charging stand but I manage . Perfect for guys with medium to thick beards who want a keep a nice trim and shape . Great for it 's value .
 I just threw mine out as the blade broke off but it lasted me a few years . It worked well during its lifespan though .
 Very easy to use and many settings to accomplish any job . Holds a charge a long time and it is powerful .
 I use this to trim my hair and my goatee mustache/beard . The wheel adjustabillity is a big plus on this trimmer . With in minutes I am completely groomed every few days . I have the lengths down on the wheel , and they are very precise . It is also built very sturdy . Really recommend this trimmer .
 I 've owned the 3-year-old equivalent of thePhilips Norelco Qt4070 Turbo Vacuum Beard , Stubble and Moustach Trimmer Pro , Black/silveror thePhilips Norelco Qt4050 Vacuum Beard , Stubble and Moustach Trimmer , Blackand was disappointed with the build quality . The product may be better-built now , but the version I had was almost entirely plastic and the shaving compartment broke awhile back.Upon opening the Remington MB-200 I was instantly pleased with my purchase . To the touch , I could tell the Remington trimmer is made with better materials at half -- or even a third of -- the price I paid for my Norelco . I keep a constant `` 5 o clock shadow '' look -- and after one use I can already tell this is going to be a better product for me . It could very well just be the fresh blades , but after one use I feel like the `` 1 '' setting on the Remington gave me a tighter trim in half the passes . I may not always go this short , but it 's nice to have that option if I want it.One comment in the Norelco 's favor
 bought this after unsuccessfully searching for a reliable razor in my local stores . this one works really well as my wife likes the two day stuble look on me . Its sleek , well built and cleans fairly easily . All the reviews I read leading up to buying this were right of the money . Ive only had it for two months and shave only once a week so i cant vouch for longevity of it but I predict it will hold up fine .
 After years of trimming my beard with scissors , I decided to try an electric beard trimmer . Since it was to be on a trial basis , I wanted to find a trimmer that had good reviews , and was coupled with a good price . This Remington MB-200 was being sold for about $ 14.00 , with free shipping , so I thought `` Why not ? '' . I 'm happy to say that it was a good decision . The trimmer has proven to have suited my needs . The blades are sharp , the unit holds a charge well , and it 's easy to use . I especially like the adjustment wheel , as it enables one to make quick length adjustments , without having to remove heads -LRB- that is , unless you want the very shortest stubble or definition , which requires removal of the length guard -RRB- . Since I 'm using the unit for short stubble length , I ca n't attest as to how the trimmer would be for longer lengths , although I would venture to guess that it would work well in those cases , also .
 I have had a beard for several decades and have been through several beard trimmers in that time . This one gets the job done , but it seems to do it a little better than the other razors I 've had . I ca n't pin it down as to how it 's better , but I do know that the lower price was a nice difference . I even bought a second one for a friend of mine who asked me what 's the best way to keep a beard under control . He is satisfied with the Remington too . One tip
 I was looking for a new trimmer because the one I had 's battery finally would n't hold a charge -LRB- even when plugged in -RRB- so naturally I went on to Amazon to find another.The same day it arrived in I opened it up and started using it . It was great and felt like a professional trim . The picture posted makes it look like its straight but its got some curve to it like a banana . It takes a little to get used to but I 'm sure I will get the hang of it.I also like that it is simple and does the job . The previous trimmer I had , has all these different hookups and attachments that I either loose them or never use them and comes in a display case that I do n't care to keep out on the counter . Its just one trimmer , comb and brush .
 Really nice product ! And cheap ! It has NINE settings , plus you can remove the `` guard '' and kind of freehand a trim -LRB- use a comb is what the instructions say to do -RRB- . Nicely designed , it feels solid in your hand . It comes with a cleaning brush and a miniature comb to use on your beard before you trim it . I 'm surprised and impressed at the quality of this trimmer , especially for the price !
 My bathroom does n't have an outlet , but the local stores stopped carrying decent , inexpensive cordless beard trimmers , so I went with this one . The value for the price is excellent and so far it 's held the charge well.My only -LRB- minor -RRB- issues are that the curved shape can be awkward when doing a pass against the grain . And It does n't seem to cut well if only the front edge is flush against the face - the back edge of the guard needs to touch also .
 I have the previous model which seems to be pretty much the same other than for the cosmetics.Mine is at least three years old and gets used at least once a week . I tend to keep my beard short -LRB- about a # 5 on the adjustment scale -RRB- and this trimmer does the job just fine . It cuts evenly and quickly and holds a charge for quite a while.One thing to be aware of is the need to lubricate the blades . I generally do a lube after two uses and I think that this is partially responsable for the reliability . It 's also important to flip up the trimmer head and clean out the comparment underneath . A single drop of oil on the motor shaft helps here too . I use Wahl brand trimmer oil and a bottle will last the average user for years.The popup trimmer is a great feature when trimming my moustache as it lets me get into smaller spaces than the main cutter will.I keep wanting to `` upgrade '' to a more powerful trimmer , but this thing does n't want to quit .
 For the price , you 're not going to find a better trimmer . The settings are extremely easy to use , the charger is compact , and it 's got plenty of power when fully charged . I would highly recommend this to anyone who 's in the market for an affordable , functional , portable trimmer .
 Very compact and easy to use . No extra parts to get lost for desired trim length , just dial it up . I 've used it a half a dozen times and have n't re-charged it yet ! I 'm pleased to reccommend this trimmer , so have at it !
 Nobody ever told me this was a mustache and beard trimmer
 I did a lot of research on Amazon before deciding to buy this trimmer . I bought this over a year ago , so I have had good time to review its effectiveness . Note that I have never owned a trimmer prior to this so I do not know what is common to all of them , or even unique for that matter , so I will just describe what I have liked -LRB- pros -RRB- and disliked -LRB- cons -RRB- . Pros : - cover protects face from sharp blades-zoom wheel with numbered stops -LRB- incredibly useful -RRB- - firm build-cordless-charge seems to last a good while-cleaning brush included-small comb included-great price -LRB- $ 15 at the time -RRB- Cons : - can not use while charging -LRB- if you hear it dying out , and want to quickly connect the charger and use it , forget it . It needs time to charge , it 's not a laptop in this regard . So , charge it every so often . -RRB- - no charging base-cannot stand on its own ; can only lay down-washable ?!? I do n't know . Amazon 's bullet-point description says that it is not washable , but further down on the product page under product description , Remington has a table displaying four of their models and there is distinctly says that this model has washable design . I looked on Remington 's website , but did not find anything that clarifies this . Well , I 'm not taking any chances , so I 'd avoid dunking this in water.I think this is a great trimmer . At the time of purchase , this product was $ 15 . Now , it is $ 24.99 . There are some other Remington models that are higher-end , or appear that way , and they are about the same as the current price . But , overall , I would say that this has been a great trimmer .
 i bought this trimmer with couple others . This one is definitely the best ! it is so powerful , cutting everything that comes in its way , lovely titanuim blades , pain-free shave.like it & love it . BUY IT !
 I have n't had this that long , but so far i enjoy it.This is essentially clippers , the same one you may get your hair cut with at a barber shop or hair salon . The extra feature is the adjustable length you can set it to . You simply roll the dial on the side of this device and it adjusts the measurement device at the end and you go to town.It 's all pretty easy and convenient . It advertises that it auto sharpens and you do n't need to oil it , which is great because I hate doing that stuff for something like this.If you want to keep your facial hair a certain length , this is absolutely a great start especially for the price.I have n't had any battery issues yet , but if i do I will surely update my review .
 Very nice trimmer . My hat off to Remington . I have been using this trimmer on both my hair and beard . It words perfectly and is much better than changing spacers .
 I just bought this product one month ago hoping to obtain a shave look , but I was wrong . The minimal hair lenght -LRB- without guard attachment -RRB- that one can get is 1,5 mm -LRB- a three day beard -RRB- . This is reason I decided to knock off one star from this GROOMER.Hope my humble comment will help the people who is considering to buy this gadget !
 After my Norelco beard/mustache trimmer recently died on me -LRB- after about two years -RRB- , I of course needed a new one . The dead model was n't fantastic , but it got the job done and it did have the added benefit of teaching me what I do and do n't want in a trimmer . Browsing through the many brands and models available on Amazon , I was able to settle on this Remington unit . I did n't want a combo beard trimmer and nose hair trimmer ... this one is a purpose-built beard groomer . I did n't want one that had a recharging cradle that gets constantly steamed up in the bathroom when the shower runs -LRB- that leads to corrosion on the charging leads -RRB- ... this one just has a plug in charger . I did n't want a trimmer with 10 different detachable guides that you constantly have to change with the type of trimming you 're doing ... this one has one guide with selectable lengths . I DID want a trimmer that has the potential to last a very long time so I wo n't have to go through this whole process again any time soon , and the reviews on this Remington suggest it 'll do just that . Used it twice so far , and find myself a very satisfied customer .
 So I picked this trimmer for the following reasons : - no oiling / maintenance free - cordless , but rechargeable - low price point - number of positive reviewsAfter giving it an initial try here 's what I 've come up with : Pros : - Its relatively easy to use , even it the angling is a bit awkward . The adjustment mechanism feels good and it is easy to see what number it is on . - Worked well for its intended purpose - seems to be made well enough , especially for the priceCons : - Though it does n't mention one anyway , there was no stand for the unit , which is a little inconvenient . - You can not use it while it is plugged in . Rather you can , but it wont power the unit . The actual adapter looks like a 3.5 mm headphone jack and plug . Its a bit unusual and I assume that its the reason why it cant be used `` pass thru '' . - No warning when power dips too low for use . When I first opened it I tried to test it out without charging . It started fine , but then suddenly slowed to an unusable rate . It appears to have a light on it , but I did n't notice it on when this happened . - While it has quite a number of adjustments , unfortunately the gaps between may be a bit extreme for some people . Also I found that on the lowest setting it was n't as short as I 'd like to see . I ended up using a 4 for the bulk of the trimming , but I will still require the use of my Braun electric for touching up.-Angle is awkward to handle . I found it hard to make consistent strokes due to the severe angle of the head , luckily it does n't affect the results , just the comfort of use.Conclusion : Overall I think if you maintain any facial hair this is a great tool , however do n't expect it to be a one stop tool . That being said it trimmer very well , with no tugging or jamming -LRB- my beard is pretty thick -RRB- . I cant speak for the maintenance free area . They include a small brush to clean out the head , so depending on how you feel , that may be much for you . I found after one charged use it required it -LRB- it retains a lot of hair -RRB- . It would appear it would require it every use , which is a little annoying , but is depended on your habits and usage too .
 I had an MB300 for about a year -LRB- which is the exact same thing as the MB200 with the addition of a useless mini trimmer -RRB- but a piece of a metal spring inside the top of the unit where you open to empty trimmings rusted and broke , rendering it useless and unrepairable . I guess I managed to get enough water in there while in the bathroom on occasion for it to rust out . I really wish that spring was made out of stainless steel.I purchased this MB200 a month ago to replace my broken MB300 after reading several atrocious reviews on competing products , and after having several failures and returns of other models including Norelco . I have tried many beard trimmers over the years for both trimming stubble on my face and cutting my own hair , and this easily beats them all -LRB- I prefer the rechargeable ones with adjustable combs -RRB- . Some of the competing products are made out of cheap plastic and the fins on the combs have broken -LRB- specifically Norelco -RRB- , some have too little cutting power , on some the blades on some are not wide enough , and others are just designed by moron engineers.The MB200 has decent power , the cutting blade is reasonably wide , and the adjustment mechanism for the comb is well designed so you do n't accidentally choose the wrong length or have it end up moving around on you and ending up with a shaved spot where you did n't mean to . I 'm not unhappy with the choice of Ni-Cd batteries since they last a reasonable amount of time , and I 'm guessing that Lithium-Ion would have put it at a price point that would be non-competitive . I do wish the batteries were n't soldered in so it would be easier to replace them . Seeing that this is the only decent rechargeable trimmer out there , I am going to purchase a couple more of these - one for my travel bag , and another as a spare . These days companies seem to revise well designed products , and forget everything they learned that was good about the previous designs . I hope Remington keeps the person/team around that designed this , keeps this model around for a long time to come , and hopefully makes it a little mode water resistant and upgrades that spring inside to stainless steel !
 This trimmer has been great for trimming my beard/mustache . I like to keep it short , like the length it would be after not shaving for a few days , and this trimmer has an adjustment that is short enough for me -LRB- which many do n't -RRB- . The device works smoothly . It does not pull out any hairs , like some of my old trimmers , and the battery seems to last forever . I charged once it when I bought it a few months ago , and it is still working.Highly recommended .
 I had one of these a few year ago and it just stopped working one day after about 5 years . I tried other adjustable trimmers and the types that have the attachable plastic guards , which are the worst !!! This unit is great and adjusts easily to any trim length . Can also use a comb to help create an even trim if desired . I use it mainly for my bread to keep it a certain length , the 3 day unshaven look . It also great for triming other areas of the body if you need to do that as well . Hopefully this last a lot longer than 5 years . If so , then it 's five stars !!
 I 've seen a lot of people use this thing , it works great and is a great price . Great quality and the rechargeable feature is great . A great buy , will get another when the time comes .
 This does everything that I need it to . I use it to trim my sideburns and even my eyebrows . I still have n't figured out how to remove the guard , but I have only myself to blame as I have not even opened the manual .
 This product is sturdy , holds a charge well , easy to use and is well put-together . I like the ergonomic handle and how easy it is to adjust the length of the shave .
 It is totally ridiculous to have a minimum amount of words for a product review . blah . blah . blah . blah . blah .
 This item works very good . The price was exceptional as well . I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a good product at a good price .
 I 've been using it for a year now and there is no indication of wear and tear . I would buy another one if something happened to it .
 I purchased this for my husband , he loved it ! He had purchased two others , we returned them . He is very pleased with this product .
 We had the older model that was silver and have been looking for Remington to come out with another unit . My husband loves this thing . Easy and likes the adjustable settings .
 Trims really wellThis is the second generation of the same model trimmer that I have purchased.The first lasted fro ~ 3 years before the Batt pooped out which is not too bad for the price .
 I 've own at least three of these in the past . Sometimes the cutting guard breaks , other times the battery simply dies . I hope this one last longer . It works very well at the moment . I like the fact that it has so many length settings .
 Well-designed beard trimmer . Adjusting the various lengths is really smooth and easy and its really easy to clean . The clipper on the end pops off and gives you the raw clippers for your sideburns and mustache .
 I 've had this trimmer for a couple years now and its still humming . I like the adjustable head for different lengths . I can tell its getting near the end of the life but its had a good run .
 Bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it . Works well , nice quality . Very nice job trimming his beard and the brush keeps it clean .
 This thing is extremely easy to use . I especially like the fact that there are n't a dozen attachments that pop off easily . This thing holds a charge very well , is adjustable , easy to clean , and exactly what i needed .
 I use this thing a lot and it 's still kicking . The charging is a little annoying because you do n't know when it 's going to die until it does , and you ca n't use it again until it 's charged up for a little bit . Just having the plug in wo n't run it off the outlet . Other than that it works phenomenal , I 've dropped it a couple times and it 's held up , and I shave my face and chest with it . Works really well , I liked it a lot .
 Though not as exacting as a Wahl hair trimmer , it is easy to use , easy to calibrate , easy to store and it gets the job done .
 I 've used it about 10 times , works great . Trims very close . Has meet all my expectations . I would recomend it .
 This baby is light , durable and has a nice range of lengths . Works good on pubes , too!Wish it came with a small case , though .
 I have two of this product its really good battery backup and usage is good , worth for money I like it .
 I bought this to replace my old trusty Norelco that I bought from Walmart years ago . This one is very durable and holds a charge for a long time . I have a full beard and trim 2x per week . I usually get a 3-4 weeks out of this before I have to charge it again.I would recommend this .
 This thing whistled across my thick , thick beard like it was nothing ! It trimmed everything on the first go-around with ZERO pulling . Maybe I am partial because my previous one basically tore half the hair out of my face , haha , but this product definitely does what it is supposed to do ! Definitely worth it !
 Since i bought this trimmer my beard is controlled and trimmed in a very fancy and cool way ... This is a product i really recommend for you or for a gift .
 I bought this to replace my cheap trimmer that i bought at Target last year that broke on my at the start of this fall . I like most people was skeptical because it wasnt what i was use to buying , but for the price you can not beat it . With easy to change levels of trimming , i am able to fade my hair with the beard with no problems at all . No changing trimming head pieces and what not ; everything is right on the trimmer . Been using for about a month or two now and still sharp with no pulls .
 I broke my old razor so needed a new one fast , I had started to look too much like a lumberjack . I used the discover promo and It was delivered the same day ! ordered bit past midnight Thursday -LRB- technically Friday -RRB- and it was waiting at my door by the time i got back from work . A quick charge and 5 min of grooming latter I once again looked presentable.The shaver is powerful enough to make shaving an ease and does not pull at hair at all . I am extremely happy with it and for the money and speed of delivery the deal can not be beat .
 If youre looking for a trimmer that adjusts to your mood , this one is perfect . With 9 different adjustment notches picking the right length for your hair is a snap . Feel like Gabby Hays , let it grow long and trim with a number 9 . Feel like a jarhead fresh out ? select down to a 2 or 3 and get a nice even stubble.Powerful -LRB- enough -RRB- motor , takes about 3 minutes to get a good job and it saves you telling the barber and wondering what youll look like when shes done . Strongly recommended !
 The battery on this lasts really long . You do n't have to charge very often like my old one . I recommend this to all men .
 I bought this because my father had one for a while and said it worked well . Guess what - it does . I wanted something rechargeable , simple , that could give me a ` stubble ' look . The product works great - just set it to the lowest setting and voila , take off the plastic head cover for an even closer detailing . The battery life is fantastic - charged it when I got it , have been using it maybe twice a week for a month now ? Maybe more ? Still have n't had to recharge it . Cleaning is easy - shake it , pop open the top , and use the supplied brush to empty any hair.One design flaw - when you flip open the top to clean it , the top is only attached by a small plastic hinge . I have been careful and have n't had any problems , but I can see that a bit too much force will snap it off . Be careful and you will be fine , but do n't let your kids play with it.In summary
 I was looking for something good , unexpensive and that works great.This is the thing ! Great design , good quality , very efficient.You wo n't regret if you buy this . I am demanding !
 For the price , this is a good product so far . I have been using it for a couple of weeks now and it holds the charge well , it trims very evenly and has more than enough length settings . I would recommend it .
 good value . holds charge MUCH better than my previous trimmer . wish it had a lower setting for stubble , but still a nice little trimmer
 Excellent trimmer . I use it 2-3 times a week for my beard , and once a month for my chest/back . The only complaint is that the battery tends to drain and die so I have to work quick and efficient while doing my chest/back . This could just be because I am a fairly hairy person .
 Very good beard trimmer . I am pleased . Loved the packaging and it feels good on the hands . The battery seems to last , 4 stars because the tirmmer is a bit noisy .
 I have not owned this trimmer for long and it is my first , so I ca n't compare it to others . Having said that , it does the job well of trimming my beard . It has a number of length settings and can also be used to define the border of the beard by removing the trimmer head . All in all , it 's well worth the low price -LRB- assuming it does not break -RRB- .
 This product is exactly what its made out to be . I purchased this trimmer for the price and the simplicity , so far it has meet all my expectations . It has a variety of different trimming lengths and the option to take of the guard for a closer shave . Although there are some reviews saying if you drop it , it will break , I have not found it to be so fragile.If you are looking for something that will do the bare essentials for a great price , this is your bargain !
 This product has no pull and needs no oil just like they say . The settings on the trimmer are fantastic as well . You can extremely close if desired . Overall great product .
 Compact and pretty light trimmer . I 've only started growing a beard the past couple of months but this trimmer makes it easy for a novice . Nine -LRB- 9 ! -RRB- different trimming levels means you can customize to whatever size you want.Battery lasts a good while too , wish it lasted longer -LRB- my only complaint -RRB- .
 If this Remington Mustache and Beard trimmer lasts as long as his last one , he is in very good shape .
 The guard is easily removable so this a good choice for getting a close shave . Granted it does n't get anywhere near straight razor clean , but that 's not what I 'm going for . The razor is sturdy and the internal battery 's charge lasts a long time .
 awsome product i like the shaver and it is an really good product to shave with . very comforting and fast shipping item , cost effective
 I bought this trimmer after dropping my previous one from a different brand . The cheap plastic height modulator shattered and the only way to control the depth was to tape it in one place . Not very versatile , I must say . So , I decided to purchase a sturdier-looking one , i.e. more klutz-proof . I have been very happy with this product so far . The height wheel makes it exceedingly easy to switch how close you want to trim , and it 's all very solid . Others have mentioned that there is no charging stand , but that is a plus for me as those things can topple over anyway . Or at least they seem to if I get within a yard of them . I much prefer to lie it down where it ca n't fall . It 's also very , very easy to clean . Overall , I would definitely recommend this product . For the money , you really ca n't go wrong . Here 's to happy trimming and looking good !
 This is a very great Quality product . I have used Remington brand for past 10 years and never had problems with this Brand of Shaver/Trimmer . Only the newer model is better and keeps getting better each time I try to buy a new one . But -- Remington brands are good and can be used for several years and do n't burn out even after using them regularly for several years.In all it is a great Product -- no complains at all !!!
 when this arrived in the mail , there was no charge at all.I charged for 8 hours , and then did not touch it for over two weeks.when my beard needed trimming , i reached for my Remington and after over 10 minutes straight , the charge was still good and strong.fits well in your hand.well worth the price .
 This trimmer is good for one thing , and one thing only
 Purchased this for my husband . After looking at the reviews written and seeing how others liked it , decided to buy . The price was very good and much cheaper then other trimmers sold in stores . My husband has used it twice so far and is loving it . He stated it does a great job and likes how it has built in adjustable guides .
 Powerful Motor , quickly adjusted for different lengths , solid feel . For a while there , I thought that the blades never come fully out -LRB- I thought that the shortest length was 1 -RRB- . However , I learned I could simply pull the guide off to do edges . Unlike other trimmers , the comb looks like an integral part of the unit , rather than an afterthought .
 Could n't be happier with this . Read some negative reviews before purchasing , so was concerned at first , but well worth the price -LRB- which is extremely low in my opinion , offering a great value -RRB- . Powerful , and the length adjustments really stay in place , with no additional parts . The only issue is you have to be careful what angle you hold it at , or else it will cut shorter than you may want at longer lengths .
 Just used this razor for the first time and it worked great ! Fast charge , smooth shave . Being someone that shaves different lengths almost every time , the adjustable wheel is definitely handy . I would buy again in an instant .
 Great shaver for the money . Good buy if you need a simple beard trimmer . Easy to use and clean . I will recommend this to friends .
 This is a good no frills trimmer . It is inexpensive and does what it 's supposed to . It gives a nice cut and has good maneuverability.I previously had a Norelco turbo vacuum trimmer which I loved which seemed to be quicker and the built in vacuum left significantly less mess behind too -LRB- so my wife liked it better too -RRB- . If I had it to do again , I would probably get the Norelco just because the extra 5 minutes spent between the cut and cleanup can be a big difference in the morning -LRB- and with getting the kids ready in the morning ... being done 5 minutes faster can be huge -RRB- . But at ~ $ 35 more , is that worth it to you?But honestly , the 2 products are 2 different price points and it is probably an unfair comparison . This does what is advertised to do and does it well .
 I have used this trimmer from more then 10 years . My first trimmer bougth in Italy still works sharp.The wheel to regulate the length of the cut is not only useful but `` necessary '' to me as i like varying often between lengths according to the face position.I bought the second one only because I have moved from europe to US and I needed the new power supply for 120V -LRB- 220V in europe -RRB- ... so I thought would be better to buy the entire thing to have a backup trimmer . Now I am set for other 10 years .
 I have recent decided to grow out my beard and need something to clean it up a little . This product was on sell for 15 bucks or something like that and already had great reviews . I have also used this to trim the hair over my 4 year old 's ear in between hair cuts . The guard that is part of the unit does n't slip off like other models i have used and I feel comfortable using it on my face and my sons hair . There are 9 levels that the trimmer can be set to as well . Great Product for someone looking to maintain a nice clean beard .
 This trimmer has a strong motor and sharp blades . Does n't need to be sharpened . Came fully charger , but charged it the 14 hours suggested in the manual . Easy to use and clean .
 I had been using an old beard trimmer , and finally replaced it with the MB-200 . The old one had been yanking my beard hairs , incredibly uncomfortable . This one just whips through and quietly , efficiently trims everything just right . It is SO much better ! It lasts a long time on a charge . I do n't trim my beard every day , so a single charge will last at least a month . I had really been hoping for one that took rechargeable AA or AAA batteries , but this is absolutely fine . Maybe I will need to throw this one away in 10 years , when the battery fails ; if so , still a wonderful purchase .
 Nice trimmer . Works really well . Easy to adjust . Easy to clean . Had my previous one for 5 years and only had to buy a new one because I dropped it and it landed on the guard and cracked it . My previous one was an older model , but looked exactly the same -LRB- except it was gray -RRB- . So I 'm hoping that this one will last just as long .
 I purchased this product as a birthday present for my husband who is wanted to start a new bearded look , and he LOOOVES IT !!! And that makes me very happy .
 This is a great trimmer and it is very easy to use . Also , the Amazon experience was great and I definitely recommend it to all !
 I like the weightless of this trimmer , easy to use and clean but I will like for the company to provide this pckg with a larger brush to clean the trimmer.For the price I can say is a good purchase , ca n't go wrong
 This razor does about everything you need it to do . For the money , it is hard beat . It feels sturdy . It is sharp , and makes a decent edger . The trimmer guard rolls up and down nice and give a good trim . I was actually debating on getting the 60 buck bad boy with the vacuum , but I 'm glad I paid 15 for this instead . I 'm happy so far . I 'm sure the Norelco 60 buck is prob cooler , and maybe better , however this one is doing just fine .
 Best trimmer that I ever purchased to my husband . After trying so many models , my husband loves it.High quality product .
 Last year I had to begin the hunt for a new beard trimmer ... and man are there a lot out there and half of them wanted over $ 100 for something so simple . This trimmer is a great price -LRB- even if it did n't have the Amazon discount ! -RRB- and does its job well . I 've had it for over a year at this point and I 've never had any issues with it . It recharges quickly , cuts cleanly , and is dead simple to use .
 this is overall a good trimmer , it could be better but for $ 15 you really cant complain . if you want more attachments and more sturdy trimmer you are going to have to pay more money
 I use this little guy to trim my beard and my hair . It 's awesome , very sharp , very quick , very easy to use . The adjustable blades stay where you set them , so you wo n't take a chunk out your head . I recommend this to anyone looking to trim there own beard or hair . It 's a great buy .
 Works fine . No problems . As others have said , a stand would be helpful . But not that big of a deal for me .
 I needed a trimmer to take with me for traveling and this product did not disappoint . It caught my eye due to the price but it is of a solid construction material that I do not expect to break in my luggage . Do not get me wrong , I do n't expect it to survive much abuse by dropping it.The trimming experience is adequate . This has really saved me time in the mornings , but I would have liked the closest setting to be a bit closer of a shave . I do make sure to take the head off and clean out any hair that may collect every week , so i am not sure what a lack of maintenance may do to its performance and life span . Power retention may not be as great as higher end models , but for the price I can handle plugging it in every few weeks.If you are looking for a affordable trimmer that you would not rage over losing or breaking and still performs well , consider trying this product .
 This may not be the most robust or technically advanced trimmer , but it gets the job done . Definitely not a bad price at $ 15 , I would buy it again .
 just like how it is described . it is my first beard/mustache trimmer and it works great . easy to use and very effective
 I bought this unit to replace a Norelco unit that died after a number of years . I liked my Norleco unit but it sure was n't the professional unit my barber used to trim my mustache . I figured I would have to spend a fortune to get one like the barber so I looked for another Norelco like I had to no avail.I probably spent an hour reading reviews on Amazon . Lots of talk about beards , but not so much about mustaches . I took a chance on this one and it is terrific . If feels like what my barber uses . I am very happy with it .
 Great trimmer . Fast charge . Does a sharp cut in any desidered level . The ingenious wheel makes it posible and so the less accesories . Just plug it , charge it , and use it .
 the machine is sturdy , the battery life is incredible . excellent quality !
 This trimmer is awesome ! That 's all that really needs to be said . The battery lasts an extremely long time and there are a ton of length selections to choose from . Settings are as follows :1 = 1.5 mm2 = 2.5 mm3 = 4mm4 = 5.5 mm5 = 7mm6 = 9mm7 = 11mm8 = 14mm9 = 18mmThis is an amazing trimmer and I would recommend it to any man who needs a trimmer .
 I have owned this trimmer for 4 months and can attest to its reliability and precision . It is a great product-easy to use , easy to clean , plenty of different settings . It also holds charge well .
 I bought the predecessor to this beard trimmer more than three years ago , and loved it . After carelessly dropping my old one I broke it , and am back for another.Pros : * Scrolling wheel height adjustment . -- > A very nice feature , the height holds well , unlike some trimmers . You can use pressure against your face and it wo n't retreat to a shorter height setting that creates a thin spot . -- > After only two or three times , you will know how high you want it . For example , I always trim my beard on a `` 6 '' and my mustache on a `` 4 '' * Removable head to trim beard edges . * Strong motor / blades provide pain-free trim . * Holds its charge for a long time . -LRB- I charge it full before I travel , and do n't even bother packing the charger , because I trust it to function the whole week . -RRB- * Shaver head lifts easily to remove stray hair that gets into the motor area . * Cordless - > To avoid having to clean the bathroom after a big trim , -LRB- If I did n't trim for a week or so -RRB- I will take it in the back yard and set it 1 setting higher -LRB- `` 7 '' instead of `` 6 '' -RRB- . Then I give it a quick hit to get rid of the long hair , and then return to the bathroom to finish the detail work.Cons : * It will need a place to lay flat , or a pouch to hang in . It does n't stand on end , and the charger unit plugs into the base -LRB- at the bottom end of the demo picture -RRB- . * I did mention I broke my old one . I had removed the height guard , and was emptying the hair from under the shaver head . The pivot is plastic , and while I had it open , I dropped the shaver . It landed head down -LRB- of course -RRB- and the pivot broke . Totally user error , but it is a weak spot . ---------- Final Thoughts : I love this thing . It provides a quick clean trim . I would say that it usually takes no less than 3 minutes for a quick trim , maybe as long as 8-10 minutes if I am going to detail the edges after a month of quick trims.I highlighted some cons for a fair review , but I have nothing against this razor . It trimmed well for three years , and was still holding a charge for weeks when I broke it . -LRB- I liked it even more after trying theRemington PG350 Precision Deluxe Rechargeable Personal Grooming Kit . I bought that quick because I needed a trim , and it confirmed how well this razor worked , and shaped my thoughts for this review . To compare to a bad item , check my review of that item . -RRB-
 I was about to shave my beard off about two months ago having been feed up with keeping it trim . I used a trimmer intended for hair cutting and it did not work well at all , especially the incessant hair pulls . I noticed this trimmer on Amazon and its good reviews , so I ordered one . I 've used it now for the last two months and very pleasantly surprised by the results and ease of use . No more hair pulls and the trimming head never needs lubrication . I especially like the height adjustment mechanism . I 've yet needed to recharge it over those two months . I wish it had a charge indicator but nevertheless , given the results , I highly recommend it and have to rate it 5 stars.Update
 I was looking for a cheap trimmer for my beard , which I usually keep pretty short . I bought this without seeing it in a store . I think I had seen that it had good reviews here , and it was under thirty bucks , which I figured was a good limit for something that is only going to last so long . I did n't need anything fancy . I got exactly what I was looking for , but I 'm surprised how well it works . There are n't any parts that seem like they 'll fall apart , and it 's got a great feel in the hand . I like the action on it a lot . My first trim was immediately better and much quicker then the previous trimmer I had -LRB- which had died on me -RRB- . I think this is a great deal for someone who needs an occasional shave of a beard . I really like it . Nothing fancy but it gets the job done very well . I ca n't think of how it would be better .
 1
 This appears to be an updated version of a Remington trimmer that served well for many years.After a months use , I can report that the stability of the trim length setting has been improved , and the trimmer blades no longer require lubrication . The quality of the beard trim is also improved , allowing for rapid trimming.If this new trimmer is as durable as my first , I will more that satisfied .
 I had owned several Panasonic trimmers previously -LRB- really liked that they plugged in w/o a charger -RRB- , and had hoped to buy another ; but they have been discontinued . After reading reviews , I bought the MB-200 . Great choice . Multiple guard settings , excellent blades , and a battery which holds a charge for at least 15 uses -LRB- no more daily charging -RRB- . Only complaint is that I wish it were a little more compact -LRB- it 's the size and weight of a large tube of toothpaste -RRB- . Outstanding value for the price ; additional features like turbo-vacuum hold little appeal for me . Recommend enthusiastically .
 I bought this product about two months ago and havent had a single problem with it whatsoever . It has great functions . The different settings for beard length works beautifully . It is also very easy to clean.I am completely satisfied with the product.The only con I can think of is that it can not operate while charging . One has to charge the battery beforehand to use it .
 I have been using this shaver for about 3 years now . I use it with no guard to shave my head , and add the guard to trim my goatee . This shaver works great as a `` balding clipper '' to shave your head bald without worrying about razor burn you get from a razor.I knocked a star off the review because it seems the battery has gone bad , it barely holds a charge for 1 minute now . I came here to find a replacement battery with no luck . I guess for the low price of this shaver it 's ok to buy a new one after 3 years , but I plan to try find something with a replaceable battery .
 Precision definition of hair/stubble length desired . Easy cleaning and holds charge for at least 25 uses . Also , after 3 months looks like it is going to be maintenance free .
 This is a pube trimmer . Who the hell wants a beard on their face in this day and age . This thing trims pubic and it does it well . I already knew this before I purchased the product because my roommate had an older model of the same product and it worked great too ! Well now he does n't have to worry about getting my short and curlies in his beard anymore -LRB- Not that he ever knew -RRB- because I 've got my own . A + + + + +
 Disclaimer
 The trimmer is easily adjustable and works well . The battery life is good and overall I am happy with my purchase .
 This is convenient and keeps a charge very well . I gave 4 stars because it is a hassle to clean . I wish I bought one years ago . Excellent quality as well.Update : A few months short of the 2 year mark it suddenly decided to not want to turn on . Dropping it probably does n't help . Oh well .
 I 've used it for about 2 to 3 times per week , for about a month and a half without re-charging . It does n't pull . I love this trimmer .
 Best trimmer ever . Does exactly what I bought it for . I was looking for a very close trim because I do n't always like using a razor . It 's always on setting 1 , which cuts closest to the face and it does a very good job . Setting 1 cuts the hair close enough to the face that it looks like I used a razor on it . Tried it on setting 2 and no matter how much pressure I put on it when trimming the gear always stays locked in . Overall , it does the job it was built to do in a very quick and efficient way and no hair pulling at all .
 I had old one almost like it that lasted for 15years for batter died . love it , better then the old one . The best on the market .
 Pros
 I heavily researched what 's out there and am glad I decided on the Remington MB-200 . It 's strong and fast , and makes it an ease to switch between settings . If you like simple and strong at a reasonable price , this is a good one to buy .
 My husband was complaining one afternoon , after he informed me of smashing his new shaver on the floor of his garage , that he would never find another shaver like the one he 's had for years that finally kicked the bucket ... I said why would you ruin a new working shaver , just because you did n't like it ? We could have at least return it , got his $ $ back . . He replied it was worth the $ 30 to smash that piece of crap on the floor ... I asked him why did n't just purchase another Remington like the one he loved . He replied that he could n't find it and then gave up his search and thought they did n't make them anymore . Well , that 's when I come back into the story.I asked for the old one with computer in hand , I &#34; Amazoned &#34; it . Low and behold ... BOOM ! there it was ... a newer model !! -LRB- his was pretty old -RRB- so like any good wife , I ordered it . . it arrived 2 days later !! free shipping too !! and needless to say ... I got me one happy camper again !!! Oh and a nicely trimmed gotee to admire !!! Two words ... BUY IT !
 This thing has kept me and my beard happy for 4 years now . The only warning I would give is that the battery DOES NOT LAST when it is not hooked up to the wall . For instance , do n't charge it and put it in your bag and expect to shave when you get to your hotel , it WILL be dead . The ONLY reason this thing is cordless is so that you can unplug it from the wall immediately before using it and then not have to fuss with the cord , and then plug it right back in afterwards . The battery is NOT so that you can haul it in your pack and shave on a mountain in Glacier National Park . This of course makes sense though , it takes a lot of power to get those blades moving and this design of battery is not the same as in your phone or laptop . This battery has to deliver a pretty high speed and lengthy amount of mechanical work , not just lights or computation . So I 'm fine with the battery failing when it sits idle for a long time . The battery is only so you can shave without getting tangled in a cord , despite standing directly next to an outlet .
 After years of having beard and using scissors and a lesser electric razor with only 3 settings , this is the best . The longest setting is over a 1/2 inch , longer than I would want it , and the shortest setting is almost a clean shave , so you have a lot of control over the length . There are a total of 9 lengths . This makes beard trimming very quick and easy . It is still running great after a year .
 I do n't have a full-beard , yet . But it will be here soon . In the mean time , I use this to keep the hair trimmed low , which keeps me from having to worry about my not-even-close beard from looking extremely hideous . The battery lasts forever and the trim levels actually lock on this product .
 And I had a few , even Remington 's . This model is stronger , more durable and its battery lasts for much longer than the other models I had.I 've been using MB-200 for almost a year and I can count on one hand the number of times it needed to be recharged.One important note
 The product was exactly as advertised . It arrived within two business days at Christmas time ! The price was almost half of a similar trimmer for sale by your competition.I definitely will shop with you online again .
 Overall I 'm very happy with this trimmer . The blades stayed sharp for the 2 years I 've had it and it was very comfortable to use . The only con is the battery lost it 's charge after about 2 years of use . It can not even operate for more than a few minutes at this point . I got 2 years out of it and the price is cheap for a trimmer so that 's why I gave it 4 stars .
 I got this for my son for Christmas . He has tried many different kinds , and says this is the best one he has ever used . I am a huge fan of Amazon and do a lot of shopping on this sight . They have never let me down !
 Pretty good product . The guard does not slip which is a huge plus ! Does not keep charge for days but if you plug it in in between shaves it is great . Nice sharp blades and easy to hold makes this a comfortable trim . I would re buy .
 Bought this for my boyfriend as a gift and he loves it . It does a great job . The only thing is that you need to keep it fully charged to get the best shave/cut .
 I use this to trim my goatee and it 's been going strong for 2 years . I only use it about 1 time per week or so , so it only requires charging about every 4-5 months -LRB- maybe even less -RRB- . it 's easy to clean , and adjust . not much else to say
 Nice little machine for my son who likes to sport different forms of facial hair , he was pleased to get this beard trimmer .
 So , the current style on men is having some stubble on your face but still groomed . Meaning shave your neck line and above the cheeks so you still look clean cut . Anyways , I wanted a trimmer that would give me that `` in '' look of having stubble , but still be office appropriate . Well , this thing does the job splendidly ! I use number 3 on my sideburn area and then # 2 everywhere else for a quick , precise , and stylish trim . Love this thing , perfect for that modern look of stubble yet groomed.Pros-really inexpensive-trims evenly and with precision-never any pain or pulling-easy to clean-holds it charge for a long timeCons-should of bought one years ago ; - -RRB-
 I was pleasantly surprised with this trimmer . For just around $ 15 it 's ideal . It comes with just one guard that can be height adjusted by a dial on the trimmer . Cleanup is a very easy as you can just remove the guard and fold back the trimming head and clean out all the hairs . It has a nice ergonomic shape that fits your hand comfortably and is light weight . For the money I think it 'd be hard to find a better trimmer in this price range .
 My first shaver was a 3 circular blade one . Only problem was it had no height settings and did n't cut the hair , only ripped it out of your skin.This shaver IS AWESOME . It has bunch of height settings with a height adjuster clipped onto it , and is easily taken off.I took it off and shaved my beard off in 30sec , and I have a HUGE beard . My old `` shaver '' took at least 5-10min to painfully remove the hair and clean the clogged up `` blades '' . It can even be used to easily shave/trim `` down there '' or your arm pits.It wo n't get you baby smooth , but it will get you nice and shaven very quick . If you want baby smooth , just use a razor to finish the job.No batteries needed , it uses a plug just like a cellphone to keep it charged . It should stay charged for many shaves.My only con would be it does n't have a stand , but I would buy this again in a heartbeat . Fantastic product !
 No , this trimmer is n't the best trimmer in the world . But for around $ 15 , this trimmer does a really good job ! I mostly use it to trim my entire face to get my beard short enough that I can use my electric foil shaver on it.However , it also does a decent job of shortening hair too . It 's designed very well . You just move a wheel up and down to adjust the guard.I was n't expecting the trimmer to be this good for so cheap , but it has exceeded my expectation . I highly recommend it .
 It 's a pretty bare bones model . Trimmer . Charger . That 's it . But it holds a charge on standby for about a week . Which is fine . I trim my beard once to twice per week and I just make sure to plug it in when I leave for work so that it 's charged fully for the evening grooming ritual.The blades are titanium and apparently require little or no maintenance . I like not having to oil the blades . I really do n't miss that ritual ! I love that the guards adjust with an easy click . It 's sturdy enough to where it does n't click to a lower setting from using it . If you 've used other trimmers , you know that often if you push against your face too hard , the trimmer will click to a lower setting and chop WAY too much beard . Glad this does n't do that.It has a good , balanced weight and a nice grip . Even if your hands are damp , the grip is solid . Since I leave it under the sink until I bring it up to charge , I do n't really miss not having a charging stand . I try and keep as little as possible on my sink area . But for those who need to trim daily , this might not be ideal.It 's a great , value priced trimmer . And for a regular user like me who has kept a beard for the last 10 years , and used many terrible trimmers in the past -LRB- I 'm looking at you Wahl ! -RRB- , this razor fits the bill . Highly recommended .
 PowerfuL and really easy to use . . It has multiple settings that stay in place even with applied pressure . Works great for my haircut and trimming my beard . There is not a docking station just a simple plug . Not a big deal but if you keep it out on your counter it could look sloppy .
 Works very well for trimming beards to 9 lengths including a close stubble look . The down side is the battery , NiCD , which suffers from memory effect if improperly charged . If you find a trimmer for about the same price with Lithium or NiMH batteries then get that since they are fool-proof to charge . If you 're willing to put up with properly charging this and the price is right , you 'll be happy with this one . Like I said it performs very well.NiCD batteries should be fully drained before charging , and fully charged before using ; otherwise the battery life will shorten and if done a number of times the battery will stop holding a charge . -LRB- I 'm guessing reviewers who say the battery stops working after a couple weeks did n't do this -RRB- Also during use , NiCD batteries provide steady power until they run out suddenly with little warning . The problem with that is the charge time is 14 to 16 hours , which means even if you use the trimmer the night before , if the battery dies you ca n't finish the job in the morning without fear of shortening the life of the battery somewhat.But overall it performs very well and if charged properly should work for years and is very cheap ; so I only took off 1 star .
 This is a solid product . Beats my prior Norelco by miles . Holds a charge for over a week or more . The adjustable head holds its position something other products have a hard time with .
 Works so easily because there is no swapping out of attachments , and the wheel has plenty of positions for trim length . Cleans easily , and is very light . Does not do ultra-close trimming like the MB-300 , though . That model was not available anymore on Amazon .
 I had been using a Schick Quatro razor with a trimmer on the back , and it had many disadvantages , including a poor battery life , the hair getting caught , and not a good cutter in general . Plus it took a long time to trim . So I was looking around for a beard trimmer , and I saw this one . I read the reviews of others , and it was a good price , so I figured I 'd give it a try . The first time I used it , I was truly amazed . The trimmer is nice and quick . The blades do n't need to be oiled which is really cool . I liked how the trimmer has nine adjustable settings , and the # 1 setting cuts the hair really short . I 'd recommend using the # 3 or # 4 for a nice short cut . And at $ 30 -LRB- this was the price at the time I purchased it -RRB- , it was a great deal . If you 're looking for a good trimmer that does n't need to be oiled and is a quick and easy and clean way to trim a beard , this is the trimmer for you .
 It does everything just fine but after using 10-15 mins straight the battery seems to go low . If you are going to trim your entire body hair then this is not the product you want to buy ... It is perfect for trimming facial hair :D ...
 One of the main reasons I purchased the Remington MB-200 Trimmer was the large number of highly favorable reviews it received ; well , here 's another ! This is a great product that exceeded my expectations . It holds a charge for weeks with light use , it easily adjusts to trim a beard or goatee perfectly even to almost any length desired and it 's quiet and well made . The number of attachments that many other products come with is cumbersome and confusing . With its simple adjustable built-in trimmer guard , the Remington eliminates the need for any other accessories , except the compact re-charger . I am very satisfied with this trimmer and would highly recommend it to any guy who wants to keep his facial hair neatly groomed .
 I have owned many beard and mustache trimmers over the last 30 years and this is the best I have owned . It is easy to use , cuts beards and mustaches to the desired length without slipping and cutting too close . It is also has a powerful motor so there is no pulling . I would highly recommend this product and would purchase again without hesitation .
 This trimmer gets the job done . If the battery is low , plugging it in does n't give you full power instantly you have to wait for it to charge up even if its plugged in . Otherwise great .
 I ordered this as a gift for one of my uncles who had heavy hair growth on his face . Due to the thickness of his facial hair other trimmers did n't work effectively . This one however was very effective and seems to be working well so far .
 This is a very good trimer but , If you like a short beard when they say # 1 setting is short they mean it .
 This is a great trimmer at a great price ! I have used it probably at least 12 + times and have n't had to charge it yet . The length settings are perfect and can work from stubble to a full beard .
 Really love this product . I have n't tried many beard trimmers , but this one definitely lives up to the hype . Well worth the money .
 I bought this as a gift for my brother , but only because my other half has it and loves it ! He has had his for about 5 years and the rechargeable battery is just starting to go , when it does I will order another one just like it .
 I bought this to replace a Wahl hair trimmer because it only had 1/4 '' and 1/2 '' guards and I wanted more control over the length -LRB- 1/8th inch or finer -RRB- . I also wanted something that did not have to be plugged in while using so I could use it in the shower stall with a shaving mirror . This meets all the requirements and I have been very happy with it . - Ease of use - > Very GoodThe device has a guard that easily adjusts with a dial on the device to give you various lengths . Much more convenient than replacing guards for different lengths and much more fine grained control of length . I also take the guard off completely to make clean lines around the edges over the lip . - Build Quality - > Very GoodIt has good grips for using with wet hands and when I have dropped it -LRB- a couple times -RRB- it was fine . I have not attempted to submerge it or even use it while the shower is going , so I ca n't speak to how it deals with being wet . - Charging - > OKIt holds a charge for a long time . However , when it runs down you ca n't plug it in and then use it while it is charging . This would be more convenient and a feature I would like to see . - Overall - > Very happy and would recommend it .
 Great trimmer . Works great . I have had other trimmers but this is the best so far . Easy to use , trims smoothly , and battery life is great - used it over a month without a recharge yet .
 I used a generic brand razor with the three metal pieces that form to your face to shave for 10 years until I got this . I recently started maintaining a short beard so I needed something adjustable to shave with . For trimming and such it is great ! Works fast and is easy to adjust.However , for shaving -LRB- all the hair down to your face -RRB- it really sucks . Its rough as heck , hurts , and is impossible to do without getting some surface skin and leaving marks . I strongly suggest not using it to shave but just to trim .
 Perfect size and fit for someone who hates to go clean-shaven and goes scruffy . I imagine it would also be helpful to use it to get your facial hair down to a manageable length to be able to go clean-shaven if you wanted . The adjustable length setting seems durable , but for the most part I just use it on the first setting without the plastic guard . The battery stays charged for a long amount of time . I feel like I have left it off the charger for about a month now and it 's still going strong . That is definitely a plus for people like me that are always forgetting to plug things back in .
 Any man wanting to wear a beard or mustache should consider buying one of these . I started wearing a goatee about a year ago and decided then to buy it . It 's been the perfect tool for maintaing a well groomed appearance on a day to day basis and it has performed without a glitch . The adjustable depth blade guard provides for easy control , and consistency , of the length at which the beard is cut . It 's also great for keeping eyebrows trimmed if your inclined to do so . Remove the guard and one can easily use the trimmer to carefully shape the limits of facial hair or otherwise get rid of unwanted/unsightly hairs . After nearly a year of service I expect to be using this trimmer for many more .
 i really enjoy this machine , ive only had it for 2 days now , but ive used it quite often . . i like the adjustment options on the adjustable head from 0 to 9 , mine is a 3 for my mustache and gotee , its also pretty heavy not flimsy plastic feel , you know your holding a piece of machinery in your hands which is good . . good grip to it , its quiet too , if you got the wife in the bedroom and your in the masterbath you wont wake her up or annoy her if shes watching tv . . i love that it does not take batters it comes with a charger . . so that saves me money on buying battries . . also when i was trimming it felt like it was not even touching the hairs . . but when i removed it from my face and looked down there they were . . and my beard was trimmed i was surprised cause it first it seems like its not trimming but it is . . so good buy here folks . . pick a few up for xmas and be the hero . . lol
 I 've been using this off and on for over a year . No complaints ! I especially like that the guard is removable .
 Solid construction . Significantly better than my last Remington . Wish it had a small flip up blade or a small attachment .
 I have been using this trimmer on my face for about 8 months now , and I really like it.The blades seem to stay sharp , the battery lasts quite a while , and it comes with a little brush to clean it.My only gripe with it is that the guard does n't stay put if you push too hard . I cut my hair with it once and had to re-do half of my head because it had slipped from a `` 7 '' to a `` 6 '' mid-cut . Obviously , this trimmer is not made for haircuts so that 's my own fault!But for normal , everyday use on your face you will not be disappointed .
 Finally ! A great trimmer with a smooth cut and also solid `` dial '' type length settings . So far , it ` s well recomended ...
 I spent several months looking at trimmers with a couple of criteria :1 . Rechargeable2 . Able to create the 2-day look -LRB- ability to trim down to tiny lengths -RRB- After reading probably hundreds of reviews , I finally decided to order this one and go for it . Based on a general concensus of those reviews , the battery life was supposed to be great , it could trim hair down to minuscule stubble , and had a resounding reputation for its simplicity.Three months after receiving it , I am still highly satisfied and would not have changed my decision for any other similar price/quality ratio . In that entire time , I have used it around twice a week and have only had to recharge the unit two times . I definitely recommend this trimmer !
 Before purchasing this beard trimmer I checked out many of the other reviews on Amazon . The majority of the reviewers felt as I do that this beard trimmer was a four or five star product.I agree!It is easy to charge , and it holds a charge for quite some time.The beard trimmer was also very easy to use , especially the adjustments and trimmed my beard quickly and properly.Bottom Line ... This product does what it claims .
 This trimmer fits the bill for a quick touch-up on the beard and mustache.Positives : - Light weight - Fast charge -LRB- after the first charge -RRB- - Contour handle is niceNegatives : - Not as accurate for trimming . Length is n't necessarily what you think it is . - Still no use while plugged in . I understand they want you to buy a new one every couple years , but not being able to use it plugged in is a a little ridiculous.All-in-all a good trimmer for the price .
 I now own two of these - not because one broke , but because I left one at home while going on vacation and could n't live without it . A lot can be said about a trimmer that works well and is inexpensive enough to order an additional one without hesitation . The only addition I would make to it is the use of a lithium battery and smart charger.A solid buy you wo n't regret .
 This remington beard and mustache trimmer product works well very easy to use and excellent price charge holds well no problems to date recommend
 Bought this to replace a Norelco Accutrol 900 that I had for a couple years . The new Remington trimmer works great and the length adjustment stays were you put it.As a warning - the operating instructions say to hold the trimmer so that the length adjustment wheel is facing away from you . This is INCORRECT because if you do that the blades are the same distance from the guide no matter what setting you have and the only thing that changes the depth of cut is the angle you hold the trimmer to your face ! Hold it so the adjustment wheel faces towards you !! I think most people would spot this right away but in case you have n't used a trimmer like this before , it 's good to know before you make a mistake that 'll last a week , lol.Had it for about a month now and it does a great job , still have n't had to recharge it since the initial charge . The only downside compared to my previous Norelco is that this one does n't have a smaller pop-up detail trimmer ... overall no big deal and I would highly recommend the MB-200 to anyone looking for a good beard & mustache trimmer .
 This is a simple device , but also a great devise . The price is also a bargain for the power it delivers and I like the easy front dial to change the trimming height . Only comment I have would be to add some sort of lock so it stays in place when applying force under your chin / neck areas . In addition , I wish it had some type of charge indicator light or screen to show the power levels . I give it 4 stars and would buy again , just wish they added those 2 things .
 I bought this trimmer based on the multitude of good reviews . Everyone seemed to be impressed with the product . After using it for a few days , it has proved to be exactly what I needed . Has nine different lengths to choose from and you can even remove the trimmer guard to get close definition . Comes with a beard/mustache comb and cleaning brush . You ca n't beat the value for this price !
 This trimmer is wonderful ! Easy to use with no extra trimmer blades to take off and have to store . Easy setting dial turns when you want it to and the trimmer guide stays on the settings and does n't move while using like some other trimmers ! We are very satisfied with it !
 Purchased this item as a replacement for a 5 year old Remington cordless shaver and I am very happy with how well it works . If I have one complaint , it is that you need to be careful with the double combs in that you do n't snag your lip when you have settings above 2 or 3 .
 I was n't expecting much from this , but after having my trimmer stolen out of my luggage I needed something to maintain my beard and did n't want to spend a fortune . The price is cheap but the trimmer is awesome ! I used it quite a few times right out of the packaging without initially charging it , and the battery life is excellent so far . I 've had the trimmer about 2 months now , and I 'll update this review if anything changes .
 This is a great little shaver . Does a nice job at trimming my beard . Very easy to use and holds a charge for a very long time .
 I bought this on sale for $ 15 at a local Kroger -LRB- Smiths -RRB- outlet just to quickly replace my $ 50 trimmer that started to pinch and I have been very impressed with it for the price I paid . I 've had it 6 months now and it works just like it did when I bought it.Some things I like about this particular model : # 1 - NO ATTACHMENTS ! Ca n't tell you how many times I 've had to fumble and look through my stash to find the correct attachment to use . This completely defeats this problem by just using a scroll wheel to select what length of trim you want . # 2 - Charge indicator light , believe it or not some do n't have any charge indication lights which makes it real fun to try to determine if the device is charging or is fully charged . # 3 - No pinching . Like I said , I 've had it for 6 months and it still cuts great and I have thick black hair . I 've spent $ 50 - $ 70 only to get a unit that pinches and pulls on hairs rather than trim them.You ca n't go wrong with this unit , its cheap and it works better than some of the more expensive units you can find . This is one case where price is n't a indication of quality .
 I thought this would be cheaply made for the price I paid , but I am pleasantly surprised . The scroll wheel works great when adjusting the blade height . Take off the blade cover and it trims a fine line . It does n't take long to charge and no batteries to mess with . The only thing I miss is a case to put it in , but for the price , how can I complain ?
 This trimmer works very well on my boyfriend thick beard , however he wishes that the lowest comb would make the stubble shorter . But overall very good trimmer .
 I grew a beard for the first time after surgery but decided I wanted a neat look , not stubble like I forgot to shave or something out of the back woods . This very reasonably priced trimmer has allowed me my fantasy of looking sophisticated , and I have n't yet managed to shave off half of my new facial hair while admiring the other side . My beard is carefully trimmed , and I hope to keep it that way . I was able to progressively reduce the length until I found a look that I like . Nine positions is more than enough . I 'd give the trimmer 5 stars , but am saving the fifth for one that can shave the spaces in between .
 I 've worn a short beard all my life and always used inexpensive trimmers . Unlike most , this one feels solid , not cheaply built , and it holds a charge unbelievably well . Its powerful and fast and cuts cleanly , no tugging . I 've used it once a week for several weeks without recharging it , and it still runs like it was just charged -LRB- which does n't matter to me , but is amazing anyway . -RRB- The height adjustment locks in positively so , unlike many I have used , you do n't have to worry that it will click down a few settings by accident in mid shave , which is hugely important . It also has very fine adjustments , and you can remove the guard to get a very short trim -LRB- down to almost a two or three day stubble length I 'd say . -RRB- If it has any drawback , its that the longest length setting is relatively short - maybe an inch . Not a problem for most people , but if you wear your beard longer than that , it might be . I wear a short crew cut and use it on my head too - works great . It has no other attachments -LRB- nose/ear trimmer , etc -RRB- , but in my experience most of that stuff is next to useless anyway .
 I have been looking for a well made beard trimmer for quite sometime now . I decided to check here on amazon as well as a few other sites before making the purchase . I checked and read alot of reviews and the average for most seemed around 3-4 stars . I decided to take the chance on this remington as I liked the idea of having the adjustment built in . Upon arriving It seemed like a quality trimmer for the price . I have already used it a few times and it has worked great . I love how just turning the wheel you can put it on whatever adjustment you may need without fiddling around with clips . At first I was concerned that it would not shave smooth because of the plastic head . I soon found out the plastic top pops right off if you want just the razor itself to give you a close trim . The only con I can see is the top cover that is used for the adjustment is made of plastic . It seems durable enough but if it breaks it seems then the only thing this would be good for is a close shave . Overall for the price of 15 $ it is well worth what I paid !
 This is a great value for the price -LRB- $ 14.77 -RRB- . The guard is seemingly fixed onto the razor , so the shave is not razor-close . Shaves down pretty close on the shortest setting and the fixed guard saves the skin from nicks and pulls . The longer setting works great for sideburns as well .
 First off , I 'd just like to say that I never review anything I buy on here.But this is one to brag about.I was looking for a beard trimmer to purchase for my brother for a christmas present , After reading review after review . I landed with this one in my cart . And he freaking loves it , last night he actually shaved his head with it and it looked really good . Im bragging about this product because it 's less than 20 dollars and has better reviews than a 50 dollar one.No complaints here .
 I was looking into buying a razor that was portable and effective . This fits my criteria and more . It works great . I have no complaints . received it quickly .
 I have owned several different beard trimmers over the years and this one is by far the best . It is well built , works great , and is just a fantastic trimmer all around . I own 2 of these . Great job , Remington !!
 I got this for Cheap i 'm not a fan pf shaving but this worked really great gets close but not to close i would say this is a really great buy its cheap but awsomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 I love this trimmer . It works great and the price is great . The only problem I have with it -LRB- and it still did not stop me from ordering a second one -RRB- is the shaver head when dropped from about six inches into the sink came off breaking one of the 2 `` plastic holder pieces '' . They are very small and apparently easy to break thereby making the head useless . Also , they do not have a replacement for the head , you have to buy a whole new shaver.But , it 's still worth buying another . I will just be much more carefull with this one .
 works gr8 . . i had a panasonic one before this but this one blade speed is far better and battery life is good too . no probs so far
 This is my second trimmer from Remington . The first one lasted several years , using it at least twice a week . This one seems even better ! Highly recommend it ! My only complaint is that I wish it would shut itself off when fully charged .
 I can not thank my girlfriend enough for this amazing mustache and beard trimmer . The power and vacuum are great and the guard was so easy to adjust . It definitely keeps everything neat and tidy . Highly recommended ! I 'm even telling all my friends about it !
 I recently had to grow a beard for a part in the play , Little Women . I need a full beard consistent with the 1860s period in which the play takes place . Since I play a distinguished gentleman , the beard had to be neatly trimmed . Rather than spend money on a barber or hair dresser , I decided to purchase an electric trimmer , which cost only as much as a single visit to a barber . I found it easy to use and wholly effective in giving my beard and mustache a well-tailored look , fully suited to the role . It will serve me for years to come , and was clearly a great investment .
 I owned another Remmington beard trimmer for about 10 years and it was a good trimmer - solid construction , easy to take apart and clean . This model is a newer version of the same trimmer . The new trimmer works well but the adjustment of the attachment is not as good as the old one - it feels cheaper to me . Otherwise this is a good trimmer .
 At the price of the Remington MB-200 , it 's hard to go wrong . It works great , the preset trim gauge works like a charm . Holds a charge for many weeks and cuts with out pulling . Ca n't do much better than that for under $ 15 ! It fits nicely in the hand , so makes trimming very easy . I use it once every 7 to 10 days and I have to admit I look marvelous !
 I 've used this product several times to trim my beard and have been quite pleased with it . It cleans up much nicer than any other trimmer I 've used too .
 raminton MB-200 , , , Good . with titanium blades . and inbuit rechargeable battery . . good built ... handy and useful . . timely delivery ... good price . . light weight . .
 I agree with the positive remarks in other reviews , ca n't find any negatives to report . Cuts clean , easy to adjust , great performance for the price . Does a good job on bushy eyebrows too .
 The Good : + It works well on sideburns + Zoom wheel feature is great + Stays charged for a long time + Decent priceThe Bad : + There is no `` low battery '' indicatorI bought this trimmer about one year ago and I lost the recharging cord recently . I decided to re-buy the MB-200 because I am happy with the product . I wanted an all-in-one sideburns trimmer that had a extension function built in -LRB- aka
 I love this thing . No attachments to fiddle with , easy to adjust , and inexpensive . It 's small enough to be completly portable and keeps the charge for a long time . If you need a trimmer get this one .
 The trimmer is great so far . I bought this after my old trimmer just stopped charging and I 'm glad it did because this trimmer is a much higher quality for about half the price of what I paid for my old one . You do n't have to worry about the head slipping from pushing too hard on your face . The only con would be that it does n't come with different types of trimmer heads , but for the price you really ca n't beat the quality of this beard trimmer .
 I bought this for my boyfriend and he uses it for his facial hair and to shave his head . Its very easy to clean and does a great job !
 I 've always used Remington bread trimmers and this one matches all my expectations . Easy to use and easy to clean.No fuss device ... highly recommended
 When I bought this on the strength of the Amazon reviews , I thought to myself `` how good can it be ? '' . Well , I found out . This unit lives up to all the praise . No pulls or snags , and creates a uniform cut without exception . Previously , I 'd always have to go back without the depth gauge to smooth things off , but not with this model . The only touchups I ever need to do is around the lips -LRB- but that 's to be expected -RRB- .
 I havnt used it a lot yet but it seems good , the motor runs well and the charge lasts a good while . Blades are sharp and the wheel adjustment for length is handy as well as solid .
 I 've owned the previous model of the trimmer and I loved it . This one is even better .
 I 've had this trimmer for about a month , and using it once a week to keep the beard trimmed . No complaints so far . It was charged right out of the box and I have n't had to charge it yet . The banana-shape took a bit of getting used to -LRB- as opposed to previous trimmers I owned that had a more `` candy bar '' shape -RRB- but I find that it allows for a more solid grip on the trimmer and does n't affect its use . I really like the dial to adjust the trim length -LRB- I thought this was going to be gimmicky , but it 's actually quite practical -RRB- . The length guard comes off quite easily , for using the trimmer `` without a net '' . Having been using various trimmers for the past 15 years and this one ranks as one of the best .
 Reasonably priced beard trimmer , no need for oil , easy to use , and it does a great job . Now I can get my beard trimmed without a barber .
 I like the easy length adjustment , light weight and apparent long battery life . 4 uses so far and still going strong without recharging . My 2 previous trimmers cost 2x + as much and did n't compare favorably . It does take a number of passes to get the job done but the end results are good .
 I used the same Norelco trimmer for many years and loved it . When it finally gave out on me I reluctantly bought the Remington and I absolutely love it . The battery is great , it has a great fit in my hand and it trims well . I look forward to using it every time I trim my mustache and goat .
 This works as advertised but I wish there was a smaller end to it for trimmer my mustache.Otherwise a great product that holds it 's charge very well .
 I am 100 % satisfied with this purchase . I honestly do n't have a single complaint and could not think of a single thing i would change on this razor . I use it to trim my goatee and it 's perfect . It does what it 's supposed to do . It 's got different settings for length . Simple , basic , gets the job done . It 's not rocket science . It 's just a trimmer , but it works . I recommend this 100 % .
 This is a very good quality trimmer . The best part about it is , the battery . I use it on and off every 3-4 days , and still I have charged it just 4-5 times the last 45 days . Its got a good , strong motor - very efficient . I owned a norelco before , but that was definitely a pansy as compared to this .
 The color is a little different now , but I have had this -LRB- otherwise -RRB- same trimmer for 5 years . The battery finally stopped holding a charge a couple of days ago-but I am still using it with the cord plugged in . I have n't been careful charging it at all , so 5 years is probably pretty good . Especially for the price ... It trims to a consistent adjustable height , and by removing the adjustable comb it is a very good detail trimmer for the sideburns and beard edges . When I have been lazy for a few days , I use it to to do a `` pre-shave '' so I do n't trash my razor . You do n't need to spend more money , this will do the job just fine .
 This trimmer does what its supposed to do and does it well . The only problem I had was with the protective cover on , you could n't really get a trimmed look . Even the lowest setting leaves a pretty dense stubble . I 've had to use the trimmer without the thingy - which then works well for me.The charge has held for 5 uses so far - which is great if you do n't want to carry the power adapter with you when travelling .
 for it 's price I thought that the quality will be cheap . I 've had it now for 6 months and works perfectly . The battery takes time to charge but it stays for a long time . I highly recommend this product
 I 've had two other trimmers for when I grow my goatee and around the ears . I really like this one . So simple to use , no worry about oil to keep the blades conditioned or batteries . It even works very well areas other than face and head . Simply buy it . Excellent price you will be impressed .
 This trimmer is perfect for all areas of hair . Easy to use and works better than a professional trimmer . Its smaller so it works great on the hard to trim areas -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . Received item 3 days before they said I would . Great company easy transaction.A + + + + Seller
 I 've grown frustrated with my previous trimmer , an otherwise excellent Wahl model , which required that I swap out different attachments to control the trim depth , or else used a disastrous adjustable slide that would collapse in use . -LRB- Surprise ! You 're bald ! Or at least patchy . -RRB- This Remington integrates an excellent depth control device , selectable with a thumb-rotated wheel , and the guard can be removed for a closer trim . There are no other accessories needed , although it does come with the ubiqitous munchkin comb and rapidly discarded miniscule cleaning broom . Aside from those , I no longer need to keep track of an array of tiny flimsy pieces.There are some problems with this , nothing glaring , but it does feel flimsy , especially the guard . I have no reason to expect it will fall apart soon - nothing has broken yet , or even hinted at it - but it does not have the solid and compact hand-feel that my Wahl has.Which brings me to the next point
 Price + quality + performance equates to a true value . Prior trimmer was a Wahl ... the MB-200 exceeds the Wahl in ALL aspects . Guaranteed , you can not go wrong with this purchase .
 I would have to say that the Remington mb-200 does what its supposed to . You have 8 various settings which is more than enough to choose from . Didnt like the cheap plastic of which its made from , but that doesnt bother me as much as long as it serves its purposes , which it has been doing -LRB- so I 'm very satisfied -RRB- . Didnt have any problems charging/cleaning the trimmer , thus far .
 I have to admit , this is by far my favorite trimmer . I myself like trimming the mustache and shaping my sideburns . This will definitely do the job if you 're looking for something in that category . The blades are ultra sharp , and the trimmer itself has a good sturdy/ergonomic feel . Cleaning the blades is tremendously easy . Just pop up the blade and brush/blow out the excess hair . I have realized that sometimes trimmer can make unequal cuts . But , to fix that make sure you use edge side of trimmer or the flat side , and not both . Overall , I am very satisfied with the results and would recommend it to anyone . Although , I 'm sure there are better ones out there with more superfluous features , but this trimmer has everything you need and love .
 I ordered this trimmer for my husband when his old trimmer bit the dust . He has a full beard and mustache and says it works very well . The shape is easy to hold and the controls are user friendly . The one he had been using was quite a bit more expensive than this one , and he says he likes this one much better.If you are looking for a great value and a good product , buy this .
 This is probably one of the best deals I have founjd on Amazon and very happy with its shave . I do n't know how they made something this good for only 15 dollars , so I would buy them fast while they are around .
 Close stubble shave and battery seems to last a long time between charges . Only complaint might be that I wish the cutting head was wider .
 I bought this based on reviews here on Amazon . I use it to trim my mustache and goatee every couple of weeks . It works great , no muss no fuss , and it 's inexpensive . What more could you ask for ?
 I originally had this trimmer many years ago and replaced it with a Norelco when the battery went out on me , that was a mistake . If you have a beard this is the trimmer to get , it always cuts even and mine is still on the first battery charge which was 5 weeks ago and that 's with 3 uses per week ! If you 're looking for a solid , dependable trimmer look no further , you just found it!UPDATE - Do not get the trimmer wet or rinse the blades with water , this will slowly remove the lubrication on the blades causing more friction and the battery to drain more quickly . Also , without lubrication the blades will pull at your facial hair and cut unevenly . Although the manufacturer states the blades never need oiling , they will if they get wet .
 This trimmer is awsome before this one i had a accu vac which was ok but the battery was shot and the length adjuster broke . . this one seems to be far better in quality and has a great feel .
 I just got this beard trimmer about a week ago and I 'm in love with it ! The razor is comfortable and super easy to use ! Although I 'm sure this product is only supposed to be used on your beard , I have found that it trims up my side burns and eye brows incredibly well too ! I really like the simple yet extremely effective design of this product ! One of the smaller features that is n't really mentioned is that fact that the trimmer guard is mutli-directional so you can choose to take your time and go with the direction of your facial hair growth , or if your in a hurry you can go against the grain and still get a great trim . The only con I have found is that I personally would make use of a guard length that was a bit shorter than the smallest one offered . Overall , amazing value for a product that far exceeds its $ 14 dollar price tag , and that 's including shipping !
 Love this thing , I 've had it for over 2 years and it still holds a great charge . For the price you wo n't find a better trimmer .
 This thing is a steal . Granted , I 've only used it once , but what used to take 5 minutes with my old Panasonic -LRB- no longer available -RRB- took only a minute !
 Does everything it should , at a low price . The only flaw is that the charging light on my trimmer does not display -LRB- I had the same problem with another Remington product -RRB- .
 The battery life is great so far.I have n't needed to charge its battery with 14 days use in a row . It trimmed my beard just fine because I did n't have thick beard .
 I had the previous generation MB-35 that worked fine for a couple years , until it could no longer hold a decent charge . I got to the point where I was charging it every night , and that 's just no good . So I bought this MB-200 . It is just as amazing as the model it replaced , and then some . Solid fit and finish , holds a robust charge , and meets/exceeds expectations .
 Got it for about $ 15 and have been pleased after using for 2 + months . Gives a fairly consistent cut for a hairy chap like me . Able to keep my goatee and sideburns in check . Only takes a couple of minutes to get the job done . Has a solid feel to it and the charge lasts for a while . Only downside is that the rubbery length selector is very hard to turn with wet hands . I always have to dry my hands and the trimmer when turning the selector wheel . Recommended .
 really this stuff is of high quality , trusted & cost-effective . Ive been using it for more than 3 yrs so far ; traveling over so many countries with this faithful trimmer & still working effectively . Im bearded guy ; Iv used many trimmers in the past ; all of them never last more than a year but this one still rocks !
 I expected this to be good from the past reviews , but it beat expectations . Does a great job , well-built and no complaints after about 2 months of use . Worth every penny .
 I bought this to trim my gotee . I had been using the trimmer on my electric razor , but it did n't have a guard . I would regularly gap it bad and have to shave it all off and start over . This thing did the trick . It has an adjustable guard that will go pretty long if you need it . My only complaint is that it is a little loud and might wake up the wife in the morning , but nothing too bad . Good purchase .
 Bought this to replace a Norelco rechargable that crapped out after 2 years moderate use . Like this MUCH better . More power , better speed . Works with cord in if you forget to charge it . Not like you ever notice it needs a charge until you are using it , and who wants to be walking around with a half trimmed beard ?
 I had to replace my Remmington MB40 that I have had for many years , because the height adjustment broke . If it were n't for that the MB40 still works fine.This unit has more power , I hope it lasts as long as my MB40 .
 Even though I went through most of the reviews for this trimmer , I was skeptical about this . But finally I bought the trimmer and trimmed my beard which is 2 weeks old . Surprisingly , this worked like a charm ... I fell in love with this trimmer after the first use ... It did n't pull my beard at all . No rashes or any kinda problems . Above all for the price , I would strongly recommend this product with 5 *****
 Works great . My only complaint is that the instructions on how to actually trim your beard with the trimmer -LRB- how to hold the trimmer , etc -RRB- are somewhat lacking . If you 're new to trimming beards like me , you could easily wind up chopping off more hair than you wanted to , if you 're not very careful .
 This trimmer works like a charm . I charged it up once and have been trimming my beard for several weeks now on a single charge . Adjustable trimmer length is easy to use and works as expected . Have n't had to clean or oil it yet , but it came with the supplies to do so . I 'm completely satisfied .
 Coulnd ' t find these in Canada anymore and was really happy to find it at Amazon . Was there within a week and it 's the newer model of the one I had for years .
 I bought this to replace an older Remington Titanium because its batteries would no longer take a charge . Its ashame you ca n't swap out the re-chargeable battery . But then again I would not have bought a new one if I could have replaced the battery.This new one works just as well as the old one , no better really . But one advantage the old one had was that it vacuumed the cut hair and collected it in a drawer-like container at the bottom of the handle . Very little mess or hair on the area where you are using it . This new one just drops the hair in the sink for post cut clean up.But I am very happy with how it trims my beard and how it feels comfortable in my hand . Seems pretty sturdy like it will hold up for a while ... . until the rechargeable battery will no longer take a charge . Then time again for a new one that will hopefully devolve into having a hair catcher again !
 After buying hundreds of products on Amazon , this is my first ever review -- I 've never been compelled to write anything until this trimmer . I 've had a beard for years , and tried several corded/cordless options . Nothing is better than this trimmer.Pros : - Easy cleaning . Pull off the guard , flip open the blade assembly , and brush out any hairs that have accumulated . Brilliant design by Remington . - No oiling needed , ever . I 've had these for 1 year and they have never had that tell-tale sound of needing some lube . - Great for traveling . I just throw it in a zip lock bag and I 'm set -LRB- sometimes I do n't use the bag out of laze , but since it keeps clean it 's not a big deal -RRB- . Cons : - Non standard numerical settings . The numbers on the adjustable guard do not correspond to any industry standard -LRB- at least one I know of -RRB- . So I just started high and dialed it down after my first attempt . Not a big deal , really.Bottom Line
 This is another great buy from Amazon . The Trimmer is exceptional an with the length wheel on it you can keep yourself groomed with precision an its light weight makes for a more effortless shave . Amazons price also helps . Its definatley a great trimmer its price is definatley like giving it away because if I used it before I bought it I would think its worth at least a 100 $ but amazingly its not even close . Definatley a great buy . That 's why I purchased 2 of them .
 I have owned this trimmer for about 8 months now . It works perfectly every time , travels well , and holds a good charge . My one complaint would be that it has a tendancy to let little trimmings get inside the height display , which can make it annoying . Very happy with the product though , simple and reliable .
 Spent quite a while comparing this product with more expensive alternatives , and I 'm glad I let the cheapskate inside of me win out this time . The sliding head piece locks into place very nicely and never gives out under pressure leaving you with bald/short patches . Long battery life , nice to hold and use.Overall a great product at a great price .
 i am very happy that i decided to buy this item instead of the Wahl beard trimmer . It has worked better than the previous Remington trimmer i had and it was the same brand.i would recommend this product !!
 I grew a beard and moustache last November and quickly realized I needed a trimmer to avoid descending into woolly Neanderthaldom . I 've been using this for about a month and so far have no complaints . The trimmer has a guard that can be quickly adjusted to several lengths , allowing even a novice beard-grower like me to achieve a sophisticated , clean-shaven look . I can then easily remove the guard to shorten my sideburns or clean up the edges of my facial hair . I still need a conventional razor or electric shaver to achieve a really close shave , but for the longer hair this item is just the ticket.The trimmer is also cordless , rechargeable , and comfortable to hold.Great value , and highly recommended .
 I 've had this product for about 3 weeks now and could n't be happier . No attachments to worry about is one of the greater plusses for me . I just use it to trim my beard , nothing fancy . I just set it to 4 , where it is securely locked in , and trim .
 Has great power and work very well I like the rotating head level and how well it recharges . I would buy it again
 This trimmer works great ! It 's very impressive and it cuts and trims easily . Holds a good charge too . The only downside is that it is a little noisy but not horribly so . I 'd buy it again .
 I 've noticed this trimmer shaves accurately at it 's corners -LRB- when the guard is off , of course -RRB- , which means far less trimming with scissors afterwards . It 's simple . The previous model had a flip-out mini-trimmer which really was n't necessary . I 'm glad this one does n't have that . My wife likes it . It seems to keep a good charge . I wish I did n't have to shampoo before and I wish it would clean itself out after I 'm done , but that 's just silly talk .
 I purchased this to replace my old Remington PG-360 trimmer . I like how the adjustable guard is built in , yet still removable for easy cleaning without having to change the entire head -LRB- i.e. - different sized blades -RRB- . The battery life is AWESOME ! I bought this , charged it initially for 24 hours , and then used it 4-5 times over almost a month before it died . I used it to trim my beard and also my whole head , so one usage was maybe 5-7 minutes straight . It 's also great for deployed locations when you do n't have a barber and additionally to keep your `` relaxed '' grooming standards from growing too wild . Overall , once again Remington produces a great product that is also fit for the AOR .
 My first time using a Remington Product and I 'm very impressed . I usually buy Norelco shavers and trimmers , but after a disappointing experience with the Norelco 4070 trimmer , I ended up getting this Remington for $ 14.77 at Amazon . Knowing what I know now , even if it were $ 50 , I would still buy it .1 -RRB- I 'm not an ergonomics engineer or anything , but this trimmer feels very good in your hands . Sturdy , curved to fit your hand just right , and the shape makes it easy to get into the corners of your face that might be hard to reach with some trimmers .2 -RRB- Charge last for a LONG LONG time . Longer than I remember my Norelco 's lasting .3 -RRB- Does not have a bin for the cut hairs , but makes as much mess as my Norelco 's did , which is to say , not that much .4 -RRB- Price at $ 14.77 is excellent . Seems as though the sale price has ended and it 's now $ 28 . I think $ 28 is still a bargain considering the newer Norelco 's are selling for $ 50 + .
 I am very pleased with this beard trimmer . I was so skeptical about it being so cheap but after using it I am very very pleased . The shape of it and the shape of the attachment make for a really easy clean shave . Something about it 's curve and large space of flat comb on the attachment it makes it very easy to use and maneuver . By far the easiest beard trimmer I 've ever used.The click wheel for adjusting the length of trim is just brilliant ! No more switching attachments ! Yes , the combs of the attachment are a little cheaply made and flimsy but they get the job done well!I absolutely recommend this beard trimmer ! A +
 I was looking for a trimmer that could trim very short and this does the job perfectly . It has many settings for guard height and charges quickly . Would definitely recommend .
 this is the third one I have purchased , lost the power cord to the first and lost the end part that controls the settings on the second , works great , we even use it for hair cuts on the guys
 I have bought many mustache and beard trimmers in my day butthis one is the best I give it an A rateing
 Work well , trims quickly and efficently . When are they going to go wireless on this small type of hand appliances
 I 've had this for a few weeks now . Its a good beard trimmer . Easy to adjust and clean . No complaints . Would buy again .
 Great product , works well and holds excellent battery life -LRB- do n't need to bring charger with me on week long trips -RRB- . Definitely worth buying .
 My husband loves this new trimmer that I gave him for Christmas ! His old one had broken and I did a lot of research before choosing this one . I am so glad that he loves it , because he 's a picky guy !!
 This works great and keeps its charge for a long time . Its sharp and trims my beard perfectly . I would say though it seems to be a big jump between settings and 4 and 5 . 5 being too long and 4 being too short . Not the end of the world but noticeable .
 Does the job . Plenty of lengths and consistent on length.The battery type is a little annoying as it 's better to be totally drained to improve the battery life unlike most electronics which have the type that should be fully charged . But that 's my only qualm . It 's great for this price range .
 Super-easy beard and mustache trimming - just set dial from 1 to 9 and go . I think I 've had to charge it once , maybe twice in 16 months or so . If I 'd known how handy this little device would be , I 'd have bought one years ago . -LRB- I wish I could say the ladies have noticed the better-groomed look . -LRB- ;--RRB- -RRB-
 I bought a Remington MB 35 over 10 years ago the battery just stopped holding a charge The MB 200 appears to be identical just a different color , I love it expect 10 more years of being well groomed
 My beard does not grow very fast , but I like to keep it short so I do trim at least twice per week and each time takes less than two minutes . I originally bought this a few years ago and really like the design . The other beard trimmers had snap-on plastic blade guards that were so flimsy that they 'd break against my face . With no blade guard , they were instantly useless . The Remington blade guard is made of heavy plastic that wraps around the entire trimmer and after several years has never broken.Since I use the trimmer infrequently , I do an overnight charge perhaps once per month and then the trimmer sits unplugged for up to one month without needing to be recharged . The trimmer does not come with any sort of stand , but I found that the trimmers that had stands were all of poor quality -LRB- like the two earlier ones that had a nice stand to hold broken blade guards that can neither be replaced nor repaired -RRB- . The Remington is self-contained . What you see in the graphic is all that it is , except for the plug-in charger . The blade guard slides up and down via a scroll wheel and clicks at various , measured stops . Since there are no parts to keep track of , a stand really is not needed . I keep the charger cord in the vanity and pull it out when needed.When mine died , I shopped for a new one and could only find lousy trimmers at higher prices . One trimmer from Phillips came wrapped with a set of ear phones -LRB- whah ??? -RRB- and I quickly returned that to the store because the shortest setting of that blade guard was already longer than my beard . The Remington settings trim my beard neatly , but also allow trimming all the way down to &#34; heavy five o'clock shadow &#34; . I was pleased that somehow I could get overnight free shipping on this from Amazon.Ironically , I was able to get my old Remington trimmer -LRB- just like this one -RRB- to work simply by giving it another overnight on the charger . Maybe I did n't plug it in right ... dunno ... but the next day it was fine again and the replacement for it was waiting on my porch . This is a nice enough trimmer that if the batteries really did fail , I would take this apart and attempt to rebuild the battery pack by hand . Most likely though , if the internal battery pack really is dead , then the trimmer is so old that every other aspect of it is also worn out . At that point , I 'll just reach for the one I just bought which is waiting in the package in the cabinet .
 My old trimmer finaly broke , so I decided to give the Remington a try . The dial beard settings are solid , my old trimmer would move and change the level . I 've been using it for several weeks and still have not had to recharge it . My beard has never looked better .
 This little trimmer ROCKS ! It 's still running strong , and I would have rated it five stars EXCEPT ... The plastic hinged piece of the blade is broken , which is a small annoyance . Granted , I 've dropped it once or twice , and I was able to &#34; fix &#34; it with a piece of tape , but the motor and blades still work as good as when i bought this.For the price , you ca n't beat it ! I 've even given myself a haircut with it . Not the best thing you ever saw , but it worked well enough . I imagine with practice you could give yourself a decent buzzcut with this .
 This is a nice trimmer , I buy the same one once every five years or so when the battery wo n't hold a charge anymore . I wo n't cut my beard with anything else . It always stays sharp , and the blades are maintenance free , so you do n't have to oil them .
 great setting are an excellent design easy to handle hope they dont change design price is right i will buy it again
 I had an MB-40 for 6 years , finally would not charge . Found the MB200 on Amazon , almost exactly like the MB-40 . Great trimmer , feels good in your hands , solid and does a great job . If you want an excellent trimmer , buy this one .
 I have had a beard for 35 years . This is the best shaver/trimmer I have had yet . No doubt about it . It feels good in my hand , it trims without pulling and seemingly effortlessly , and it charges quickly . Now , if it would only wash dishes ...
 When my old trimmer broke I looked through the Amazon reviews and decided on this trimmer . I want to thank all those who had previously reviewed this trimmer . I 've had it for about two months and it has performed flawlessly . I do n't think the guard is flimsy . I do n't think the controls are confusing . I do think it holds a charge , has good settings for length , has a great pop-up mustache trimmer . In fact , my only problem with this device is that you have to pull off the guard before you can use the trimmer .
 holds a charge well , trims well , easy to adjust . better than my old trimmer . only problem is that without the plastic guide it 's a jagged edge not a smooth one . I 'd recommend it .
 Over the years I have grown and shaved my beard several times . I bought my first Remington MB 200 close to 15 years ago . I ca n't remember what happened to it , but I remember liking it upon first use . I bought a second trimmer about 3 years ago . It worked well , but ultimately stopped charging . -LRB- I have not been able to figure out if the battery is replaceable ... -RRB- I dropped the third trimmer and the beard length controler broke . My fault . I am about to purchase a fourth . I tried a few others , but none is as good for the price . Would give 5 stars if I could be assured that the battery was easily replaceable .
 I purchased this for my husband at Christmas . He was using his regular shaver to trim his beard . He would have never purchased this trimmer for himself and would have been content to `` make due '' with his shaver . I like his beard and was afraid he 'd cut off more beard than he 'd like with the old shaver . This trimmer has an adjustable trimmer so that his beard length will be proportional . He does like this trimmer and it has made trimming a lot easier for him .
 A dry cell trimmer I once had for travel was a joke , so I needed convincing . After much research , I chose the Remington for a two week trip in Japan . It may well replace my hardwired , motor-driven home clipper . My current persona is hair and beard at about 1/8 inch -LRB- Remington setting # 3 -RRB- , and the stability and solidness of the adjustment are superb . I trim about every four days , but I have touched-up after two days and was amazed at how much infinitesimally short hair it gets
 What a bargain ! This trimmer does what it promises and more , making it a pleaseure to take care of a beard and to change lengths and looks at the flip of a switch ! My wife was n't sure how long she wanted my beard and in two days I was able to use one trimmer to go from a full beard to the `` scruffy '' look and each stop in between !
 First of all , since a lot of people are wondering ... here is the sizes -LRB- listed from the manual -RRB- that each setting will trim :1
 First off , this is a great trimmer at what it is meant for
 I 've used this trimmer for a month now and I 'm completely satisfied . I 've charged it only once and it 's still going strong . Depth adjustment is easy to make . I particularly like the permanently lubricated blades . The trimmer also feels very comfortable and well balanced in my hand .
 I bought this trimmer after reading many favorable reviews about it . Previously I had been using a Remington PG-200 which was alright , but the attachments that it came with left much to be desired . The plastic pins that secured them to the timmer broke off and left them virtually useless . I am very happy with the MB-200 , it 's easy to use and clean . It does a good job of trimming my beard and does n't give a choppy uneven cut like I was getting with the other trimmer . I highly recommend this trimmer .
 I found this product to be exactly as I expected . I replaced a much older Remington trimmer with this one . It is every bit as efficient as the old one . Molded to fit comfortably in your hand .
 I have owned several trimmers . This might be my last one . The unit still holds a charge for a very long time . The blades are staying really sharp . No cases of hairs being pulled out instead of cut . The depth gauge is pretty basic , but it has worked perfectly.It is easy to take the depth gauge off and use it like a clipper.This is a good unit and a good price . After two years of use I can definitely recommend this item .
 It 's a beard and mustache trimmer . I use it to trim my beard and mustache , and it does so with great ease and effectiveness . It does n't have all the bells and whistles but that 's just fine . I love the adjustable height of the cutting head . Very convenient and the charge lasts numerous trims . I 've had it for a month or so now and still have n't had to charge it . I trim once a week so that 's 4 trims and counting . The trim is simple and edgy and flat , just as I want it . You 'll still need a razor blade to fine tune the edges though , as well as getting rid of unnecessary stubble .
 always been a fan of remington shavers for about 20 yrs now . this model is as good as any they 've ever made .
 For the price you arent going to find a better quality trimmer . Lots of power , lightweight , and very durable . Dont waste your time or money with any other one . I suggest this product to anyone .
 So far so good . Had for about a month and works as expected . No frills . Just a good electric trimmer .
 I had a goatee trimmer like this that I have been using for 6 or 7 years . I decided to upgrade to a fancy beard trimmer a couple of months ago , and my goatee has been a mess ever since . I saw this trimmer by chance on Amazon , so I picked it up because it was at a low price . I love it ! It gives a close trim , easy to hold , and is a no nonsense . This is a lot like the one I bought years ago , I should have stuck with what worked instead of wasting money to upgrade .
 The product works as advertised . Holds a charge for a long time . Head is a little hard to remove for cleaning but it might be tight since it is new . Only complaint is that the height adjustment numbers are too small and unclear to read .
 This is the BEST !!! for $ 25 you get a good face trimmer that will last . i still have the one i bought 5 years ago , and i know use that on my head and this new one on my beard . wish i could give it 6 stars ... peace
 My husband dose n't comment too often on things so I was surprised when he said how good it works . Really close shave under his beard and for trimming back of hair . He would definitely recommend .
 This is a great product for beard trimming or as a body groomer . Plastic head can pop off , or stay on and is the easiest adjustment possible . Great blades , attractive design , and works corded or cordless . One caveat may be obvious , but do not plug into 230V abroad -- blew it out in Ireland .
 I bought the Remington MB-200 Titanium Mustache and Beard Trimmer for my husband because he needed to do some much needed manscaping . I was n't even sure he would use it , but lo and behold not only did he use it , he loved it and has continued to use it with regularity . Yippy !! It 's easy to use , easy to clean and the price is perfect .
 My previous beard trimmer I paid around $ 50 - $ 60 dollars for . It lasted a year.Burned by that experience I thought I try something a bit more budget friendly , and much to my surprise this Remington actually cuts better than my previous non-Remington model . It feels solid , is simple to use , and trims more evenly and with fewer retries over the same area . This one is a keeper .
 I have had a goatee for more than 7 years now and in that period I have gone thru many beard trimmers who did an adequate job . This is the first trimmer which costs less than 20 bucks that solves the basic problems most of the previous ones did not .1 . Trimmer attachment is solid and snaps on easy .2 . Trimmer can be adjusted in height easily .3 . Trimmer attachment can be removed easily .4 . Trimmer is powerful enough to cut through my slightly thicker hair .5 . Trimmer can be used to shape the goatee easily .6 . You can easily remove the trimmer blade and remove hair from inside .7 . You can easily put the trimmer blade back in place for reuse once removed . # 6 and # 7 are elusive beasts that no other product has been able to do as well as this product .5 out of 5 for the features on a sub 20 USD price .
 Hands down the best trimmer on the market - I think I 've tried every single trimmer on the market and this is not only the best trimmer out there but also the cheapest . I 'll be purchasing Remington products in the future !
 I have been using this product since 2006 . Before I got this , I have used different trimmers available in the market , but they were not even close to this . This trimmer trims the beard as close as possible to the skin . and the self sharpening blades keep the blades sharp forever . Once the built-in battery is fully charged , this device can be used for at least 6 beard trims.I have used my first MB-200 trimmer for 3 years and got another one and been using since 2009 , I have recently purchased another one . I dont want shift to any other product as I am extremely satisfied with this . you get the best trimmer for the amount you spend .
 This is , by far , the best trimmer I 've had the pleasure of owning . I am bald by nature :-RRB- , but have that moon halo around the back of my head that I have to shave off ever-so-often . I also sport a go-tee that I like to keep trimmed to the minimal level . This thing zips through both like a hot knife through butter ! No pulling or burn afterwards . It 's Very sharp and cuts evenly . I use setting 1 to keep my mustache nearly shaved and setting 2 for the rest of my beard . I charged it for a few days after initially getting it , because I was working so much , and it 's nearly 4 weeks later and it 's still going strong with regular use and have n't recharged it since the first time ! The guard pulls right off with minimal effort but is solid when it 's attached and moves between the cut depth settings very well . It fits comfortably in either hand and is surprisingly easy to clean up after use . Bottom line , all the stuff about no charging stand , battery types and all that , the business end is the cutters , they are sharp , cut clean , quick and even and if it does die in two years ... money extremely well spent . If you are that picky on this stuff , go to a professional , otherwise , become one with this trimmer !
 I keep a very short beard that I trim weekly . I purchased this trimmer to replace a Panasonic -LRB- ER224S -RRB- trimmer that I had been using for the last two years . The Panasonic was a great trimmer but was poorly manufactured with a major stress point being made out of very bad plastic . After having to glue the part together several times , it finally broke on both sides which no longer allowed the trim height to be adjusted . I have used this Remington trimmer several times now with excellent results . The trimmer is well designed , easy on the hand , holds a charge very well , and is easy to clean . The tines on the trimmer -LRB- the most fragile part on all these adjustable trimmers -RRB- are thin , but the part that allows height adjustment seems well made and I feel comfortable removing it to clean the unit . The blades are very sharp and have not pulled or tugged my beard at all . I feel that with normal care I will get more than my moneys worth out of this trimmer and will look at Remington products again in the future .
 I thought this will be another low quality trimmer in this range . But I bought it because I read some nice reviews . I really like this trimmer . It does everything that trimmer needs to . The best thing is it is rechargeable and a good battery which lasts for long time . Last time I had a trimmer whose battery could n't last for 1 trim even . I highly recommend this product in mid 10s range .
 There are plenty of reviews of this product so I 'll make this short and sweet . This trimmer works well in all areas of the body . We , my wife and I , have used it for everything from cleaning up the back of my neck/hairline to trimming my bushy eyebrows . I 'd imagine you could easily use it to keep many other areas of your body trimmed as well . It has 9 adjustable settings on the length that could certainly be long or short enough for anyone . We use 4 out of 9 on my eyebrows . It seems to hold it 's charge for a quite a while and cleans up quite easily . The only potential downfall to the product is that it is dry only so you ca n't use it in the shower . Overall , it is a very versatile trimmer that offers an even trim at whatever length you desire . I would certainly recommend this to anyone , especially considering how cheap it is !
 I really like this trimmer , yet the # 3 setting on it leaves my beard longer than I like & the # 2 setting leaves it to short . Other than that this is a great trimmer .
 The Remington MB-200 is as excellent a trimmer as reviewers state . Unfortunately it is n't world class friendly . In fact it 's the only gadget I 've purchased in years that is 120 volts only . This is surprising given that a trimmer would be a common travel item .
 This clipper is a good size , easy to use with multiple adjustments , seems to hold a charge well , and seems solid and durable -LRB- hard to say , I have had it for only a month or so -RRB- . I would n't mind if the shortest setting were a bit shorter , but otherwise , it seems a good product so far .
 This trimmer has been a life saver from day one . Its easy to charge and small enough to take with you anywhere you have to go .
 All I need in a trimmer . Setting up to 9 , fast , easy to use . It 's great . I have no complaints .
 I bought this product because my boyfriend seriously needs to trim his beard . There 's a lot of trimmers out there but I chose this one specifically because of the balance of price , and functionality . In terms of price , it is inexpensive compared to other trimmers . The trimmer is an all in one beard trimmer meaning you do n't need to keep multiple heads so there is no worry to misplace or lose some parts . It looks solid and sturdy . It is rechargeable . You can wash the head . It is cordless . The blades are self-sharpening . He got his gift yesterday and he loves it because it is so simple , so easy to use , so portable yet meets his needs to trim his facial hair perfectly .
 Admittedly , I 've only had this product for a few days but this thing is great . The reason I had to buy it was because I accidentally dropped my last trimmer and it landed on its head and broke . It was time for a new one anyway . Funny thing is , when I opened the package for this trimmer , I did the exact same thing and dropped it -LRB- I 'm normally not this clumsy , I swear -RRB- . I was nervous to see the damage but there was none at all . This thing has a nice weight and feel , is obviously pretty durable , and the feature for the adjustable hair length is awesome . My last trimmer had separate attachments which proved to be a real pain so this was a great improvement . It takes about two or three passes to get my beard exactly how I 'd like but I have yet to feel any pulls or tugs . Overall , this is a great value and I would definitely recommend it .
 Not much to report - the price is good , and it works just fine . All the controls are easy to use and it 's comfortable . The only downside is there 's no vacuum to suck up the whiskers , but models with that feature are more expensive .
 I 've only used this trimmer five times , but I would give it six stars if I could . It did n't look like it would work , but I took a chance and bought it after reading the good reviews on Amazon . It does a better job and gets the job done much faster than the previous two trimmers I 've owned with the various `` combs . '' I could not be happier with it , except I was hoping to find a corded version to help save the environment . I have not had to recharge it yet .
 I have used several trimmers in the past and have been very dissatisfied with the majority of them . A purchased an MB-400 but dropped it an could not get the trimmer back onto the handle . As this product was discontinued I bought the MB-200 and am extremely pleased . It is smooth , easy to adjust , and never pulls or gets caught in the beard .
 Technology is superior . Close , clean shave with no knicks . Love it!Recommend to everyone .
 My husband has had a beard for 32 years and says this is the best trimmer he has ever used . Fits the hand well . The down side
 This is the best beard trimmer on the market for the money . I shopped around at Target looking a various trimmers but ended up going with this one . I wanted a trimmer less a billion extra attachments and the greesy oil apply . This trimmer came with 4 items
 I have used many different beard-trimmers and hair-clippers before and this one beats them all!I use this to shave my beard AND my head . Works better for both tasks than any beard-trimmer or hair-clippers I have ever owned ! It is SO much easier to shave if you run this trimmer over your face first ! Most times , I do n't even bother . I just use the trimmer . If you remove the adjustable length guard altogether , it will give you a VERY CLOSE trim , and will not cut you . The blades never need to be cleaned or oiled ! How did they do it ? This device has profoundly simplified my life ! Thank you Remington !
 This is by far the best beard trimmer for the price that I have owned . Rechargeable , has a thumbwheel for easy depthsettings . You do n't have to change heads . You pull the head off and you have a wide mustache trimmer . Great item .
 These are my husband 's words
 This is my first trimmer ... I mostly use it for trimming my french beard.I think this is very good if you have the right expectations ... . its a trimmer , not a shaver.Plus not great at shaping/carving , but overall , a pretty decent trimmer ... easy to clean and operate . It could have been a 4.5
 This beard and mustache trimmer is as good as any I used over the last 30 years . It cuts very well without pulling and is quite easy to clean . It does not vacuum hair like some of the more expensive units , but for the price it does every thing as described .
 I 've had this trimmer for over two years now and have been very pleased with it . It holds it 's charge well , cuts precisely and is well built , there 's not much more you could ask for .
 I have had the trimmer for about a month now and could n't be happier with the performance and battery life . The construction feels solid , adjusting knob works great . It cuts very well , head opens easily for cleaning . Charged it initially and have n't yet had to charge it again after using it approx 3-4 times a week x 4 weeks . It 's a great trimmer , so much better than the Norelco it replaced and for the money it 's a steal .
 I have been using this model for years to trim my hair . Best I 've ever used , mainly because the selector dial for length lets you clearly see and set your desired length ... . AND IT NEVER ACCIDENTALLY SLIPS TO A DIFFERENT LENGTH/POSITION . Last very long time -LRB- not forever , but several years of regular use without any problems -RRB-
 This trimmer works great . Cuts smoothly with plenty of power . Easy to clean , lots of adjustments . It holds a charge for a long time and is a good size in your hand . My only complaints are that the start button is on the right side , -LRB- obviously designed by a lefty -RRB- , it should be on the other side so it can be operated with the thumb , and that it is made of a rather slippery plastic . Have n't dropped it yet , but I ca n't believe they ca n't think these things through . Great product . Highly recommend .
 Typing on mobile device excuse typos . I used the older model for years and it has worked very well.I 've even dropped in water -LRB- you can imagine where -RRB- and after a rinse and dry cycle it worked fine . Only reason to replaceIs because the battery does n't hold a charge very long anymore and im sure the blade is a bit dullCompared to new . I highly recommend . Cell phones do n't use charging stands and I 'm glad this does n't use one either , Just more stuff to take up counter space in bathroom .
 This works like a dream compared to the old Norelco I 've been using for the past 15 years or so . Good power and blade speed , convenient height adjustment mechanism that stays in place once set . A single charge seems to last forever . Would have preferred the on/off switch to be located on the opposite side of the body where I could operate with my thumb -LRB- being right-handed -RRB- but this is a nit .
 The Remington MB-200 Titanium Trimmer works - it is quick - easy to use - and the price is great
 like this very well . highly recommend . works great . charge lasts forever . settings 1-9 , 2 works just nice . can slip the head off and use clippers to shape beard line , etc. .
 Much easier to use than my previous electric trimmer . Easy to adjust length of trim . Quiet , too .
 I received this trimmer after my Norelco died after three years of use , and this one is very easy to use .
 I have had this razor for a couple of months , not my favorite but gets the job done.I do like that the head is adjustable so I do n't have to constantly switched heads when trimming my hair.I mainly use this for my beard , I have used better but for the price I paid I would buy it again.Other Thoughts
 I 'm very happy with this item ; it is exactly what I wanted and works quite well
 I have always hated hated hated having to shave . Now that I own this I dont mind it so much.Buy it .
 A great product , I have nothing more then great words to say about this product .
 After reading some great reviews about this beard trimmer , I decided to purchase it for about $ 15 , back in November . What a great deal ! I 've used it at least a dozen times and it always has enough juice , cuts close * , and surprisingly , the curved handle works well for me . To be honest , once I opened the package , I figured I 'd be really annoyed by the curved handle . Instead , it forces my hand out of the line of sight when I 'm trying to trim/edge my beard.Also , if you 're like me , beard trimmers can get annoying pretty quickly . Just consider all the separate parts that usually come with beard trimmers - my last one had a stand for the 7 different guards , plus the oil and the comb ! Alternatively , this trimmer 's zoom wheel is a great alternative to the usual method of swapping out edge guards . The trimmer comes with no stand , no separate edge guards , nor any oil . Instead , it contains only one detachable guard -LRB- works great with the zoom wheel , allowing 9 different lengths -RRB- , one small comb , and the electric cord . Plus , it never needs to be oiled ! -LRB- And everything stores away without any hassle ! -RRB- Overall this was a great purchase . There are probably other trimmers out there that have even longer battery lives , have even more power , or cut even closer * , but for the money , this was an exceptional purchase . By the way , knowing what I know now , I 'd definitely pay the normal $ 30 price for this product . -LRB- Note
 As others have said - this is great trimmer at a very good price point . It 's compact , light weight with plenty of settings to get the cut length you desire . Not sure how easy it is to clean - will update the review once I 've used it for a few months .
 I bought this for my husband we did n't have a lot of money to spend on a razor but wanted something that would work good , so far this has been a good razor , no pulls and cuts good , if it lasts , it will be a great buy .
 I purchased this because my Braun electric razor developed a problem with the power button
 I like this trimmer better than my previous one because with this one all I have to do is rotate a dial to select the length of hair to be cut . With my old one , I had to change the covers to do that . To get the right length with the new one , I started with the highest setting and worked my way down.The trimmer could be a bit smaller , but it looks well built . If it is like the Remington shavers I 've had , it should last a long time .
 There is absolutely nothing fancy about this trimmer ! It has an adjustable guard , an on/off switch , and an LED charging indicator . It does not come with any type of stand but it does come with a small cleaning brush and a beard comb . The guard adjust to cut anything from a medium length beard to a close stubble and the adjustment wheel securely locks into place so there are no worries about the guard retreating while in use . One nice thing about this trimmer is you can keep it plugged in all the time with out worry about overcharging and killing the battery . This trimmer is replacing my 2 year old , $ 50 + , phillips norelco whose battery no longer held a charge longer for 5 seconds , and I can say with out a doubt , this $ 15 trimmer works 10 times better than my old trimmer , or any other I 've owned , for the matter . We are all looking for a trimmer that is reliable and simply works and works well , right ? Well , look no farther !
 When it came time to finally replace my trusty old Norelco I was a bit leery of ordering something online , but the number of positive reviews and the fantastic price convinced me to purchase it . After serveral months I can say I am very pleased with this trimmer . It is solid and well built . It has very good battery life . It is comfortable to use and does a great job ! I had thought of buying a more expensive model that would vacuum clippings , or one that would operate while plugged in -LRB- for those occasions where you forget to charge it -RRB- but hours of reading reviews left me concerned about complaints of poor performance and flimsy parts . I 'm glad I saved myself some potential aggravation and money too ! Shortly after getting this I recommended it to a friend , he ordered one and is also very pleased !
 I had been using the same $ 5 walmart battery operated beard trimmer for more than 6 years . I never really thought about the quality of it because it was so cheap but when it finally went out to pasture in my recent move I needed a replacement . I actually did alot of research and did n't want to spend alot of money which brought me to this product . What sold me on it initially was the fact that it did n't have a bunch of extra pieces that I would have to keep track of . The adjustable head seemed perfect . Once I got it and used it I have to say its the best trimmer I had ever used . It worked better than even the $ 50 + hair clippers my brother owns . I would definately recommend this product to anyone looking for great quality for a great price . I ca n't imagine what would be better if you spent more money on a `` higher quality '' trimmer .
 I was looking for a replacement for my old Philips Norelco T980 and happened on this . The T980 was overall a very good trimmer despite a few minor flaws.Considering how inexpensive the MB-200 is , you would expect to get a low quality trimmer with few features . Remington succeeded in making a very good trimmer that is devoid of several features of more expensive models , which is fine if you do n't need that kind of stuff anyway.Pros : - Size is just right and it fits well in the hand . This may seem like kind of a strange criteria , but I thought the T980 was a bit large . The MB-200 is smaller and contours to the shape of your hand . - Wheel-clicks adjust the height of the clipper , meaning you do n't have to change anything out for different heights . This is really convenient and the height of the clipper seems quite sturdy regardless of how high it is . There are also 9 different length settings . - Very easy to use and relatively quiet.Cons : - The hair . This can be quite messy - it lacks any sort of chamber or vacuum to catch stray hairs , so be prepared for a mess . - Long charge time.Overall , you ca n't complain for the price and the quality of the trimmer .
 This is the best beard trimmer I have ever used . I trim my beard around twice a week and have had to charge this thing once in 7 months . The adjustable wheel is much better than searching for and changing heads .
 Works great . Love the adjustable head . Easy to clean and easy to handle . Much better then my previous Panasonic trimmer and only a third of the cost .
 Having had a beard since 1974 I have had my share of trimmers . What I like about this one is that the head is easily adjusted by rotating a wheel . It holds a charge for a very long time . And it cuts cleanly .
 This trimmer does everything it was advertised to do . It 's easy to operate , and has held its first charge for over a month . Highly recommend it .
 After reading many reviews , for many different makes and models , this one seemed to make the most sense for obvious reasons . Only thing is , it 's kind of large . I just saw in a store , they have a newer model which looks almost identical , but is half the size.In any case , I have n't hard to charge it since buying it , but it feels very sturdy in your hand and is very easy to use . for 15 $ you ca n't go wrong here .
 well made , no there is no stand , and I do n't have a problem with that , I knew that I read what it comes with.Charges easy overnight.Was easy to handle , no matter how hard you push it on your face , there still was a nice even cut.Cut , trimmed mine done in about 2 minutes , no doubt the best one I have ever owned , and for 25 bucks !! If I had one small gripe , the numbers on the little dial to set the length are very small and hard to read , but I have had a beard for 40 years maybe its just weak eyes !
 I grow light , soft facial hair as opposed to the manly stubble you would see on television commercials , so finding the right trimmer to keep my facial hair looking short and fashionable has been difficult . I have purchased several beard trimmers over the past few months , including the wahl 9818 $ 70 trimmer which I returned the same day it arrived.This little Remington mb-200 has worked out remarkably . Its solid , powerful , and the length guard cuts pretty close to the face without having to make numerous passes over the same area . It keeps me looking as though I have 3 days growth on my face 7 days a week , which is exactly what I am going for . And that 's not even the shortest setting.I totally recommend this trimmer for its performance , extensive length settings , and the right price . I 'm a Remington guy from here on .
 While I can not speak to the longevity of the trimmer , my initial experience with it has been that it 's far better than other trimmers I 've bought . It balances a reasonable size against easy portability quite well.I mean , it cuts all my hair to the same easily adjustable length . What more do you want ?
 I 've owned other brands over the last thirty years and this is the best by far . I am happy to recommend it for beard or mustache trimming . It may have other uses -LRB- for the ladies ? -RRB- .
 I recently started growing beard and mustache . After reading positive reviews , I bought this from Amazon . It did not disappoint me . It gives a perfect trim in 5-10 minutes . After one full charge , I was able to get 6 trims . It is definitely well worth the price . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a mustache and beard trimmer .
 Excellent and simple to use sums it up . I have not yet owned this long enough to have an opinion on durability , maintenance and cleaning at length , but for the simple purpose of keeping facial hair in check , it does very nicely .
 I purchased this trimmer to replace a piece of crap I bought from Target . Wow . The cut is great , it holds a charge extremely well and it just feels right just holding it . And for the price , it 's a great buy . Never needs sharpening ? Sold !
 Best beard trimmer I have ever had , and I have had a lot of different brands and styles . Also works great to keep my head shaved with no noticeable dulling of the blades . Highly recommended .
 I didnt think that paying for a good shaver would ever be worth it after using a super cheap one for a couple years . I thought it did a good job.I was wrong . This thing is super easy to use , sleek , and literally gets my gotee touched up within about 20 seconds . I 've had it for about 6 months and dont think I 've plugged it in since its ' initial charge .
 this trimmer is great preciseand i will sure recommend it to my friends.easy to use and handle and the battery last for weeks .
 I got this to replace another Remington that I had , which died after about 2 years ' worth of use , and I 'm writing this review after using it twice.Pros : - The length guard is softer material and does n't dig into your skin like the hard plastic ones - The cutting head is larger than I expected , so it takes fewer swipes to do the job - The design of the length guard should help keep things more even than the snap-on style length guards - The length guard can be adjusted very easily , which is handyCons : - The trimmer as a whole is bigger than my old one , so detail work is a little challenging - Removing the length guard to edge my goatee is n't as easy as it was with the other modelAlso , a # 3 setting on this one is shorter than the # 3 on my old one . I found this out the hard way . This is not a criticism of the trimmer or the design , but I wanted to throw it out there to save other people from making the same mistake I made.All in all , I prefer the other model , which was smaller and lighter . But this is still a very good trimmer .
 I have used it a little over 8 months now and it is still working well and I have been very happy with it . I use it almost everyday , although not for very long , and I rarely have to charge it . I do not have any of the poor battery issues that other reviewers are mentioning .
 This is a pretty good trimmer . I like that the size stays put when you trim and you do n't have to worry about the setting coming loose if you press too hard .
 I 've enjoyed using this , however the battery does not last very long . Not the end of the world considering you can plug and shave .
 For the price this is the best trimmer I have ever had . It does a great job of trimming a beard and I have always found that difficult to get in a razor . Wo n't get you the closest shave but that is not what it is intended for . Every week I can trim My beard and this product was great !!!
 I have worn a beard for 36 years , and have used the predecessor of this Remington -LRB- the MB-40 -RRB- for the last 10 years . Loved the MB-40 , and this MB-200 improves upon that model ... more quiet -LRB- amazingly quiet -RRB- , lighter and feels like a sharper cut . I am a happy camper -LRB- runner , walker , snowshoer , bicyclist , etc -RRB- .
 I like the staying and the way it feel in my grasp . The dial is also very effective in creating a finely nuanced beard . I wish it had a nose hair attachment , though .
 Pros : Adjustable cut length that trims consistently.Holds its charge for many trims.Trims close to nostrils.Cons : Quite hard to read the cut length indicator number .
 This thing has power . I bought this for my partner and he loves it . He said it was alot better then the last one I got him . Buy it if your looking for good trimmer . I have been trying to find a good one for a while .
 This is my second Remington trimmer and should the time come , I 'll buy a third . I purchased this in January of 2010 and after over two years of weekly use , it 's just as good as it was the day it came out of the box . It has more length settings than I honestly use , but enough to cover what I need . It 's easy to use , easy to keep clean and the battery life is outstanding.What I feel is probably the best feature though , is the charging cord . My previous trimmer needed to be placed in a cradle to recharge and if the battery died while I was using it ... well I either had to leave the house looking funny or wait 30 minutes until it had enough juice to finish . This model plugs in to charge just like a cell phone ... so in a pinch , I can plug it in and finish up with no problem !
 Love this thing . I spent years trimming my facial hair with a crappy beard trimmer that required constant disassembly for oiling and cleaning . The difference is night and day . This thing is incredibly low maintenance and simply works great .
 I 'd had this Philips/Norelco beard trimmer for about 10 years and the rechargeable battery finally quit -- whey they make these things so you ca n't put in a new battery is beyond me -- and it was perfect . It had a rotatable rubberized wraparound knob below the trimmer guide with 10 numeric settings and a little window numbered 1 thru 10 with a pointer to tell you what setting you were on . In 10 years , it never needed oiling . The cutting top flipped open on a hinge to make it easy to brush out . It had a great little recharging stand with a little pocket to hold the cleaning brush.I was appalled to find out that Norelco beard trimmers have changed so much they 're unrecognizable and absent most of the features I liked . So I found this model by Remington and I 'm happy to report it does everything the Norelco did . Instead of 10 settings for the trimming guide to control beard length after trimming , it has 14 , but I can get used to that easily enough . It has a little thumb wheel with numbers on it to change the height of the trimming guide -- I can get used to that , too . It 's permanently lubricated as my old Norelco was , so it will never need oiling.I 've used it and it works great . As with the Norelco , I can easily pull off the trimming guide when I want to trim the lower edge of my mustache with the metal blades themselves.My one complaint is that it has no charging stand . It comes with a cord that has a small `` brick '' with 2 prongs that hugs the electrical outlet instead of a small , compact 2-prong plug . There 's a round plug on the opposite end that plugs into a hole at the base of the trimmer body and you have to lay the trimmer down flat on the countertop . The compact charging stand the Norelco had meant the trimmer could stand upright while charging and it did n't take up nearly as much counter space . So I really miss that feature.But since this has everything else and I could n't find anything else with a charging stand -LRB- unless it was a huge stand that held a range of accessories , such as six different trimmer guides , each of which trims at a different length , which would be worse for counter space -RRB- , I am happy to have this because it does the job as well as the old one.It fits comfortably in my hand while using it , too .
 I have owned this trimmer for almost a year , using it about once a week , and have only had to plug it in to recharge once . So the battery life , one of the most important things in a cordless trimmer , is excellent thus far . As far as the trim , I have n't felt it tug or pull whiskers one time , and it has a wide range of lengths , from stubble to quite long for a trimmed beard . Additionally , it is easy to clean -LRB- the head pivots open to empty any hairs caught inside -RRB- and reliable . Highly recommended !
 I bought this on Amazon for $ 15 though it 's now priced at $ 20 . I liked the built-in cut-length adjustment , and that -LRB- they claim -RRB- it will NEVER need oiling or sharpening . That alone is worth the $ 15 . The first time I used it , it worked fine - had a strong charge , and trimmed well . You can also pull off the length-adjuster to get a close trim or to clean out any hairs . All you could ask for , and great price .
 I 'm happy with this trimmer . Works great for both my beard and moustache , especially for the price . A single charge lasts for months of weekly use.Pro : - cheap - easy to dial the length for your beard / moustache - easy to clean - charge works great - no huge pile of accessories / heads to keep track of.Con : - Proprietary charging socket . When I lost my charger for my previous copy , I had to buy a whole new setup . - missing a nice way to make trim lines .
 This trimmer does the job great . I use it to keep my goatee well-groomed and it does the job very well . I wish the lower number settings had finer adjustments between them , but this is a problem I have with any trimmers . Other than that , this trimmer is a great bargain . It does the job just as well as much more pricey trimmers . It is easy to clean and maintain , seems to keep cutting well over time , and gives a nice even trim . I use this to even out my facial hair and then use my razor and grooming scissors to touch up all the finer details , and it 's working great .
 I 've had a Wahl beard trimmer for the last 3 plus years , that looks and functions like a normal hair clippers . But the little guard thing kept coming off mid-shave ... with sometime disastrous results . With the Wahl , a beard trim normally took ~ 15 minutes , and generally , would leave an inconsistent length . So I saw this on sale , and pulled the trigger . Last night , went in to trim my beard just a bit , and after seeing how easy and thorough it worked , trimmed my whole beard ... in less than 5 minutes ! Not only is it easier to use and quicker than my old trimmer , it leaves my beard with a consistent length all the way around . I only wish I had bought this sooner!Updated review . I ca n't even remember how long its been since I purchased this , but its still going strong . Only one downside I 've found - you ca n't shave while its plugged it/charging . This is mildly problematic if you failed to have a full charge to cover your trim ... you 're kind of stuck with a half trim until its charged enough to finish up . I 'd probably give it 4 stars because of that ... but I 'd still buy it again.Edit - Update - February 2012 -LRB- originally purchased Sept 2010 -RRB- . The trimmer has basically died . It was dropped , and now works somewhat sporadically . The battery life has started to fade and only lasted two trims really before needing to be recharged . I 'm going to try another brand - leaning towards braun , hoping for longer life of a product .
 I have been using a Peanut trimmer for years but dropped it so I was forced to buy a new one . The MB-200 is a clearly superiour trimmer . What makes it so nice is that I can set it to go as close as I want -LRB- `` stubble '' -RRB- , it cuts evenly , and the battery hold a charge for a long time . I also like that I do n't have to oil the blades . I am very happy with this purchase .
 I 've owned roughly 5 trimmer before this and let me just say , this one takes the cake , and the chicken and the soda . Cool looking design , fits your hand perfectly , not very loud yet powerful . Comes with a cool styling comb and cleaning brush , VERY easy to use and I just took it out of the case and been using it for a month now and I have not needed to charge it yet . Definitely deserves the many 5 stars it has been awarded .
 I bought this for my husband - he thinks it is the greatest thing since sliced bread . Works great , super easy to use with the height adjustable comb unit . Super for other edge trimming with the comb off . The battery lasts for many days on a single charge .
 This is great . It was a lot better than I expected for the money I paid for it . If you 're looking for a decent basic trimmer , this is it .
 This is my first trimmer so i can not compare it with anyone else . But i would recommend this product . .
 I 've just had this trimmer a couple weeks , and I love it . The `` dial-up '' hair length mechanism works great . It does n't pull hairs . Seems solid . It 's the best I 've had .
 i had a old remington trimmer for 5 yrs and it was going out on me so i replace it with this model which is olmost the same.remington item last for a while and for the price you cant complain , its worth the money .
 This is a great little trimmer and the first one I 've ever owned . Compared to the laborious comb and scissors I was using before , the Remington trimmer does a much better job in a fraction of the time . It cuts without any tugs or pulls , and fits my hand well . It seems solidly made , and I have yet to recharge it after 3 weeks of use . Wish I had bought it sooner !
 Great design - 9 selectable length settings without changing parts , wireless convenience , and does a very nice job .
 This was exactly what I was looking for ; an adjustable removable comb . I could n't find this in any drug store or Wal-Mart .
 This is my second MB-200 that I 've owned . The first one was amazingly convenient . It held a charge for around a month . With no accessories , it was great for traveling . Unfortunally my cats knocked it off of the sink with the guard extended . It broke a small piece inside and the guard does n't work anymore . So I suggest to store it with the guard all the way in so that ca n't happen . Other than that , I 'm completely satisfied .
 The product arrived promptly in perfect condition . It works well . I used it several weeks before it needed charging .
 I bought this trimmer after looking at various cheap trimmers and i have to say i am not dissapointed . the charge lasts forever , the trimmer is lightweight and easy to grip . It trims like it should , and the blades are self sharpening so no oiling necessary . All in all im very happy with my purchase , i am only a teenager though so my facial hair is no that thick yet and it may not do well on thicker beards , but it works great for me . I would definately recommend this to anybody looking for an inexpensive trimmer .
 got this because of the price . I use it every few days and i have only charged it once . long lasting battery and adjustable settings are really nice . highly recommend .
 This is a very nice product ... It is very smooth and does n't leave blemishes of hair around.The only problem is tht its loud . .
 My first trimmer was the Remington MB-250 ; bought one for myself and my son . These were terrible - Mine would give one trimming per charge . The one I got my son also gave one trimming per charge -- and ran at half speed ! Clearly a poorly designed product . The MB-200 however is a different story . Both of the units I bought have performed flawlessly . I get about eight or nine trimmings per charge ! Compared to the lousy MB-250 , you would n't think the MB-200 was made by the same company . Or , maybe the guy who designed the MB-250 was fired .
 This is a great trimmer . Did n't know what to get so I read some of the reviews for the different trimmers on Amazon . Was looking for something to replace an old , cheap trimmer I had that had broken . This one is not cheap at all . Seems very sturdy and nice in the hand . Looks and feels like it will last longer that the previous one I had . I 've had this for awhile now and have had no problems . It gets the job done . I recommend it .
 Good product for the price for sure . I have bought others and would buy more . This one was not a top quality one though and had a mechanic problems so we shall see .
 We just got a second Remington beard trimmer for my hirsute husband . He loves the original one -LRB- which still works great -RRB- but wanted another so he did n't have to take it back and forth to our vacation place . This is a great value , easy to use without all the separate little trimmer heads that will only get misplaced someday . The selector dial is easy to use , and he can select what length he wants for each part of his face `` on the go '' . The price is certainly right for such a quality item . I bought a Wahl trimmer at almost 3X the price , which was very well-made and solid , but he just did n't like all the little doodads that had to be changed each time he wanted a different length . The Remington trimmer also feels very solid , and not like cheap plastic . He has been using his older version of this trimmer for several years , and it still works great ... this one should be the same .
 Great trimmer . I really like the adjustable length rather than having to put on different heads . Battery lasts forever .
 The price , quality of product , the look , and performance are all excellent . Way better than those multiple beard trimmer guides and the price is excellent . Right out the box , it cut perfectly . I will purchase another one hopefully in 5 more yrs or so . The length of time I 'm expecting this trimmer to last .
 Just got it today , and tried it out , so far so good !!! It 's very comfortable , a clean shave with no pulling , and it 's convenient that everything is in one piece !!!! The only downside is that my buddy bought the exact same thing at Walmart for the same price ! Would have been five stars , but minus one for offering it at the same price as Walmart !
 Hi , I bought this 3 months before very gud one working well.battery charge is very gud
 This is the best trimmer by far . I 'm actually back on here Amazon to order a new one and thought I 'd leave a review for you trimmer-seeking folks . The last one probably lasted me over a year .
 This trimmer is # 4 . The only drawback is , that numbers on adjustment part are hard to read . Also the voltage of 220V would be nice ! Otherwise , lt is very good product .
 I had never used a Remington product before so I was a bit skeptical and with a beard trimmer one has to be . You do n't want something that 's going to rip your hair out , made that mistake already . The Remington MB-200 worked flawlessly . It has a good weight to it , has plenty of length settings and the battery life is great . I have used it probably half a dozen times and it is still going strong ... as is my beard . I could n't be happier . I would highly recommend this product to anyone in the market . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Had the trimmer for about 3 weeks now . Worked easily straight out of the box and has continued to work flawlessly . Big improvement over my previous older trimmer . Probably the biggest thing that stands out is the solid build quality . Has a really nice `` heft '' to it and just feels very solid in every way .
 PURCHASED THIS FOR MY HUSAND . HE IS VERY PARTICULAR ABOUT HIS GROOMING TOOLS AND LOVES THIS ITEM . THE FEATURE HE APPRECIATES THE MOST IS THE ABILITY TO ADJUST THE BLADE HEIGHT WITHOUT HAVING TO CHANGE ANYTHING . THIS ITEM REPLACED AN OLDER MODEL . HOPE IT LASTS AS LONG AS THE FIRST ONE DID . THESE DAYS 10 YEARS IS A GOOD LIFE SPAN FOR SOMETHING THAT IS RECHARGEABLE .
 Man 's best for a long time coming . . All my male family members are very satisfied . .
 I bought one of these albeit cheaper in Target US 8 years back and it still goes strong , but I have tried other supposed beard trimmers and they do n't have the simplicity and flexibility of these guys so I thought I better get another just in case . This one is the superior model and different from the first with the titanium -LRB- strong -RRB- blades and the non battery rechargeable style ... my beard has never been so perfectly trimmed ... . what can I say ? Thanks Lord Remington of Shavebury !!!
 This is definetly on of the best trimmers I 've had . No complaints . I jusy wished it had a vacuum because it leaves hairs all around .
 My husbandman says it 's his most favorites trimmer ever , and he 's gone through a lot of them . It does a fabulous job and holds a charge for a long time . he can use it a few times to trim his thick beard before he has to recharge it , and it 's a powerful little bugger . Would definitely buy it again , especially for the awesome price .
 I purchased this trimmer a year ago . I have used it since and I am very pleased . It is versatile and the price was right . I would recommend it to anyone with a beard or moustache -LRB- even you ladies ... -RRB-
 The ability to adjust the height of the cut and the ease of use makes this a must buy for those who like to keep their beards neatly trimmed .
 I have a thick beard and this cut evenly and easily when fully charged . I also licked the height setting which was easy to use . So far so good
 I bought this baby last March , right from the get-go I was shocked with how well it worked . I have a pretty thick beard and it was smoother than any of the last trimmers I 've used and I have gone through dozens . I really like that the charger is just a plug into the trimmer and not some base that always breaks . Today I noticed that it did n't charge anymore . 8 months it lasted which does n't sound like long but honestly that is more than most of the more expensive trimmers lasted as well so I just bought a new one . Ca n't beat it in terms of value .
 This trimmer works great for trimming my beard , sideburns , back of neck , etc in between visits to the barbershop . With the attachment , you do n't even have to use a comb , it has like nine different length settings . Also very easy to clean . Two thumbs up !
 I bought this trimmer after growing a beard and needed to keep it groomed . I am very happy with it , it charges quickly and cuts very well . The amazon price was well below what I found locally and as usual am very happy with my purchase here .
 Great trimmer for the price . easy to use , easy to clean , works great . No stupid attatchments or anything , just turn the wheel to adjust the length of cut . Wish it would work while charging . Thats my only complaint .
 I have had many brands of trimmers and this one is the best so far ... . The only down fall to this product is that it does not come with any accessories .
 Good shaver , great price , it works better then I expected it to . Shipping was also very fast , overall I would say this is a very good product for the price
 I really love this trimmer . It really holds a charge and I like the settings options . Plus there is only one attachment ... you do n't have pieces of it everywhere . Its gets pretty close too .
 This thing is diesel , not even comparable to my old trimmer and you ca n't beat that for the price . I 've had no problems so far , and it 's scary how well it cuts through a big ` ol beard . Just buy it .
 It works well , and the only downside of it is the power line that can only charge the battery but can not supply power for it to continue working during charging .
 I use this to keep my goatee in check and have not had a single problem after about 3 months of use . If you are looking for a cheap razor to get the job done , this is it .
 This is a brilliant little trimmer . The scroll wheel is excellent , I keep my beard at a 3 and my mustache at a 2 , which is plenty long/short -LRB- depending on how you look at it -RRB- enough for a well-maintained beard very appropriate for the workplace . I 've been using it for almost an entire year now , and the blades are still very sharp , no pinching whatsoever . Also , I think I 've only had to charge it a handful of times - the battery life is tremendous . It feels very sturdy and almost waterproof , when I go on trips I just throw it in my backpack and fish it out later . My only complaint is that it does n't work very well with the guard removed . I ca n't get the shave I want on my neckline , but then again no electric shaver I 've ever used has done that , so it 's not really a knock . Very efficient as well - I find I only have to make one pass , two at most to get an even trim , which means it takes about two minutes to complete my facial grooming in the mornings .
 This is the perfect trimmer , something that I always wished and never could find . Before buying this trimmer , I had a very uncomfortable trimmer -LRB- I hide the name -RRB- , with all these accessories , and different pieces with different sizes , and you go to the bathroom and is like if you were going for vacations , you have a complete bag with many things , they fall , . . etc. . You have here everything in only one piece !! , and is safe , you do n't have to worry about scratches in your face or something .
 It would be nice if this had a better battery life indicator , but for the price you ca n't really beat it . Just remember to charge it for an hour or so after each use and you should n't have to worry about it . If I recall correctly , the batteries should be discharged every 6 months to ensure longevity . Overall , great .
 This beard trimmer simply works well , no problems . Very inexpensive , easy to adjust the length of the trim , no pulled whiskers . All good .
 Have the beard trimmer for a month or so . Holds charge ; comfortable and easy to use ; trims beard to desired level and accurately cuts lower edge of mustache . Might be better if the housing and guard were metal , so do n't throw it against the wall . Good price .
 This product is precise and durable . Its an awesome value and perfect for that stubble look . Well built with good battery life . Ive paid $ 40 or more for lesser products , several times now actually . I would absolutely buy another 1 if this one broke .
 This is a great beard trimmer . I had a Panasonic before but the Remington is superior by far.It gives a better cut and is precise - im probably going to buy a second one since it does such a great jobI wear a short beard and it keeps it looking really great and well groomed
 I was looking for a basic trimmer to use on my mustache and beard . I bought this trimmer about a month ago and so far it 's been good . I 've used it about 10 times and it is still buzzing away on it 's original charge . The guides are easily adjustable and trim evenly . The guides are sturdy and do not slip or move while trimming . Since the blade is pretty wide it is not designed for detailed sculpting as some smaller trimmers would be , but for a basic trimming it works great .
 best trimmer on the market . i have used this model/brand for years , and simply replace it with the exact same thing anytime something happens . this particular version seems to have been slightly updated for durability of it 's moving parts , so it just gets better !
 This is my first trimmer and I 'm happy to say it works perfectly . The charge seems to last for quite some time and it cuts evenly and cleanly . Could n't be happier for a quick easy tool to maintain my goatee .
 it 's one of the best tools that i 've put in my hand in a long time . solid feel . not slippery . nice contours . easy cleaning w / included brush . manual states life time lubrication on the blades . have used 8 or 9 times w/o charging it . even cut w / plenty of power . better than my previous norelco w / vacuum . this does n't vacuum , but the norelco missed a lot of the hairs anyway . all that i 'm looking for in a trimmer .
 I have had some bad luck with beard trimmer with how thick my hairs are . This one chops them right up with no problem , and the strength of the battery is great . This definitely is n't a bad purchase for the price . It has the power of a beard trimmer 3 times its price .
 I was really impressed by this trimmer in the begining , its really powerfull , and trim very well , but after just 3 months it stop charging . I met another guy who had the same problem with this machine . pitty . .
 THese trimmers work great and go forever . Broke my last one by dropping it . Much handier than the ueual heavy , awkward guide change clippers.Highly recommend
 Good product , I buy it because I want something fast for my everyday beard mainteinance . Very powerful . Its a little annoying for the sound that became when you turn it on .
 I know that should n't be a reason for 5 stars , but these days it is ! It does exactly what it says it will . If you follow the instructions and clean it regularly , this thing will last a long time .
 This trimmer 's battery life is awesome . I have used it between 7-8 trims for almost 12 mins per trimming and this is awesome.Nice to hold and works really cool .
 I 've been using an older model -LRB- same except colors -RRB- for about five years . One day it stopped taking a charge . Got this new one , and just for fun I plugged the old one into the new charger . Guess what ? I now have two working trimmers and one working charger . Check your charger before you buy !
 i got the previous version of these 8 years ago , i used it all the way up until i bought this one , i lost the height guard , thats the only reason i replaced it . very very worth the money
 This is a well made product . It re-placed my Norelco which is made by Phillips and I 've never had a product from Phillips worth a crap . -LRB- t.v. , cd player , boom box just a few -RRB- . This trimmer holds a charge and is easy to use . I highly recommend this product . I even shaved my head with it .
 I 've bought three different Remington Beard and Mustache Trimmers to trim my goatee/side burns and the MB-200 continues in the long line of superior and affordably-priced trimmers.The trimmer is quiet , palm-sized , has a long battery life between charges , and does a wonderful job cutting . Recently I tried the Braun Cruze 6 , which is twice as expensive , and it paled in comparison . Using the exact same cutting method , it routinely left hair that I had then go back with the Remington and trim . I liked the one I owned so much before buying the MB-200 that when the batteries died , I took it apart , jerry-rigged new rechargeable AA 's into it , and used it for another 3-4 yrs.Honestly there really is no comparison with other trimmers and for $ 20-25 and a 5-10 year expected lifetime , you ca n't beat the price !!!
 Once upon a time , Norelco was Norelco , and not Norelco Phillips . They used to make a fantastic trimmer that did n't try to be everything to everyone , like the current one they offer . It was a beard and mustache trimmer , and it did a fantastic job . Would hold a charge for months , did n't have 8000 attachments.Why do I mention this thing ? Because this Remington seems to be the God-child of that old Norelco I had for years . It 's solid , feels good in the hand . It has ONE trimmer attachment , not six . I do n't want to trim my ears with it , and it wo n't do it , unless I was crazy enough to stick the corner in my ear and chop half my ear off . I need it for my mustache and beard and it does an amazing job . The number on the front actually measures out in fractions of a centimeter what the depth of the blade is . It holds a charge for a good long time , is neat , and sharp . I do n't know what else you could ask for a trimmer , except to get it half off - and , oh yeah , it did that too!I highly recommend this over the Phillips Norelco G370 which I had before . I lost chargers , the stand that comes with the shaver does n't really allow for charging in place . . it was just a mess . Get the Remington and save yourself a lot of trouble .
 I had my previous Remington trimmer since 2000 and loved it . A few months ago , the lever to adjust the guard busted and you could n't pick a level anymore . Distraught I went to Walmart , Target , Sams , everywhere looking for a simple trimmer that would easily cut my beard , mustache , and burns at an easily specified height . Surprisingly hard to find . Eventually I decided to go online and find the same model . I guess the MB200 is my originals grandson but it works just about the same , except it 's got a wheel instead of the lever to adjust the height , and it charges . Love it so far . No problems .
 I used the trimmer right out of the box . It is intuitive , with very clear controls . Trimmers can catch beard hair , but this was very nice and smooth . I have no buyer 's remorse - very nice . Also , the trimmer is rechargeable , and came already charged . Nice touch .
 Bought this after my last , more expensive beard trimmer bit the dust on an overseas trip -LRB- I plugged it in and it did n't have a switching adapter built-in ! -RRB- . I have only used this once -LRB- today -RRB- , but I am as pleased as can be . Works incredibly well and I love the fact that it has a built in battery . Really a terrific bargain .
 Like the small profile in my hand . Really easy to trim and the adjustable height cutting profile is perfect for a trim on my goatee . Great value .
 Had one for about a year , and my girlfriend broke the trimming head , which is admittedly attached with a very thin piece of plastic . It should really be attached with a metal hinge , and that would give it 5 stars . But it 's cheap , and cordless , and I like it .
 They do n't seem to carry these in stores anymore . They are all the beard trimmers with multiple clips and attachments ... My boyfriend wanted one simple unit where the height can be adjusted . Very wonderful . Holds a charge well . Comfortable grip .
 Cuts evenly without pulling . Since I use this product only in between Barber visit cannnot comment on the durability or life of this product . It suits the needs for which I purchased this item .
 Well , as far as `` perfect '' can be without any other perspective , because , again , this is the first time I have owned or used one . And I 've only had it for a few weeks at this point , but I love it . Looks , feels , and works great so far .
 Have had this razor for just over 6 months , used for mustache , moderat size beardand related trimming . Has easily adjustable head for variable lengthtrimming , handles easily , recharging rarely needed , light weight for traveling . I also use it fortrimming nose , ears and around ears which it does well . I purchased it after readingcomparative reviews of several shavers on the web . This grimmer regulary cameup as among the best and I have not been disappointed .
 I purchased this to replace one that my husband had for over 5 years . He not only used it to shave his beard & mustache , he also used it to cut his hair . We had another trimmer to trim his hair but he felt like this trimmer did it even better . The old one worked fine but it was no longer able to be charged so that 's why I bought this new one and it works equally as good . My husband is very pleased with this product and for the money you ca n't beat it .
 This is a wonderful trimmer . While it is a little light weight and hums a little too loud , this trimmer is perfect . Allows you to trim at a good lenght - setting 10 - and anywhere in between . Easy to operate and clean . Could n't be happier and like saving money from it 's competition . Excellent product !
 I highly recommend this trimmed to just about anyone who 's looking for a hair trimmer . It has built in lengths and can even go down to a clean cut , it works on all hair and the battery life is great , I am just highly satisfied with it .
 The trimmer impressed me in its solid feel . Runs fast and smooth . Seems like it was built to last . I recommend the trimmer without reservation . Only possible drawback , lack of upright space saving recharger stand , is mitigated by length of time between needed charges .
 I 've been using this trimmer for 2 months now and I have to say , I 'm really impressed . Once fully charged the battery lasts for about 10 trims . For a full charge , it takes about 2-3 hours . And it does what it 's supposed to . It helps me sculpt and maintain my beard and mustache . I have n't had any issues with it , no razor burns , etc. . I would easily buy another . Very impressed !
 IN the first 30 days , this trimmer has run great and is much more adjustable than my previous one -LRB- Norelco T2000 -RRB-
 I have used this several times and have not had any problems . It works as advertised , I would recommend it to friends
 I have no complaints at all about the trim and functionality of this unit . I use it for a medium to close goat and mustache trim and have been very satisfied.Sad to say , after 2 years the battery will not hold a charge for more than a day or so and I presume that will only get worse . Unfortunately you can not use it as a corded , you have to wait for it to charge . Luckily I do n't need to trim everyday so I just plug it in ahead of time.That 's a shame . I would gladly buy again if it had a better or replaceable battery .
 Seriously , all I was looking for was a trimmer , NOT A SHAVER , I use a razor for that . This works perfectly to keep your beard at the right length . I personally do n't have a thick beard , which is perfect as I am able to maintain that 5 ` clock shadow look pretty easily . Just like everyone else said , no lubricant needed , one charge seems to last forever ! Easy to use , and great price .
 I like this trimmer just fine , I dropped my 1st one in the sink and broke the plastic adjustment tab off . I just saved the cutting head off it for a spare on my new trimmer and tossed the rest .
 This product is what the positive reviews say it is . The trimmer works perfectly and I have no complaints so far with it . Glad I had purchased it .
 At first I thought that there was something wrong with the battery because it quit on me while my wife was triming my hair . It just was n't charged properly at first . Now I do n't have any problems . I do n't use it every day but I have n't needed to charge it since . I bought because it 's cordless and easy to use . The guard is easy to use and stays how you set it . I 'm glad I got it and Amazon is great to work with .
 Its a good trimmer and is well designed and feels sturdy . The battery does seem to need frequent recharging though . My earlier trimmer would go a lot of days without a charge.But this one somehow manages to remain cleaner with not too much hair getting stuck in the grill and the blades . Thats definitely a plus .
 This trimmer gives me just the right amount of stubble and is pain free . So far the battery has been holding up well . It even lasts awhile in between charges . I 've only had to charge it once since I 've owned it . It 's adjustable too in case you want to keep your facial hair short and even or have it grow out longer .
 Love this trimmer . No combs to swap , just dial in the right length and start trimming . The blades are sharp and it cuts smoothly , without pulling my wiskars . The battery lasts for multiple shaves before I need to recharge .
 I had an earlier version of this trimmer , and tried several others since and none are as effective as this unit . While it no longer has the little flip out mini trimmer blade , it 's thumb wheel length adjuster means no dealing with a bunch of attachments . Makes the job much faster .
 I purchased this product years ago and loved it ! I thought that I would never be able to find the product again until I looked here . It was wonderful ! It was exactly like what I purchased before and was brand new ! It arrived fast . It was so easy and wonderful ! Thank you !
 This trimmer charges quickly -LRB- in about 4 hours -RRB- , works over a week on a charge . Great trimming performance , trimmer comb has positive stops -LRB- wo n't move unintentionally under pressure -RRB- . Ergonomic design , very easy to hold - and to hold at the correct angle . The product information states that the cutting blade never dulls - thus far I agree -LRB- after over a year of almost daily use -RRB- . Easy to clean . Fairly solid construction , quality materials . I would prefer some kind of indicator for the remaining charge level , since it just goes from normal cutting speed to near stall in seconds -LRB- that is a feature of the battery technology used -RRB- . The charger is small and light weight , easy to pack or travel .
 The best for the money I 've found . Sturdy , feels good in hand . CUTS EVENLY ! Really does a superb job . Clean-up a breeze .
 Great product . Works well on my thick mustache hair ! wife loves to feel my face and kiss me now . Thank you .
 I have only owned this for a month so I have little to say . But for the price it cant be beat . I use it to maintain a tight scruff and it does the job flawlessly . Their are no bells and whistles that can break on this unit . What I like the most is how the charger connects to the trimmer . It uses a beefy headphone like jack . Much nicer than the other more expensive models I have owned . I have a feeling this will last a lot longer than the other ones I have owned .
 The remington mb-200 titanium mustache and beard trimmer works great . I have only used a few times , but no complaints so far .
 I use it mainly for trimming my beard - I use a separate trimmer for my mustache . I used to use that other trimmer for everything , but it 's beard trimming guard finally broke . This new trimmer has a much better designed guard , and I hope it will last longer than my old one -LRB- seems better , more durable plastic -RRB-
 I like to keep a bit of stubble going and was in the market for a new trimmer . My previous one , a Wahl , had me juggling many interchangeable heads and using oil to keep the blades sharp . This Remington tackles both of those issues in elegant fashion
 What a wonderful gift this would make . I bought two . One for me and one for my brother . Well worth the investment .
 I purchased the older model of this shaver 5 years ago and used it every 3 days or so in the summer to trim my neck in between haircuts to almost daily use in the winter when I attempt to grow what resembles a beard.Pros : -- Ease of use - With the flick of the thumb I can change guard lengths . The guard can also easily be removed to expose the blade for close trimming -- Convenience - There are n't any attachments to keep track of or store . It 's relatively compact for having the power that it does and theres a simple power cord so you down have to worry about mounting a charger to your sink or wall -- Power - goes from trimming delicately around my neck to ripping through a thick February beard -- Reliability - never once has it pulled or nicked . The blades remain surprisingly sharp over time . The battery life is also very good -LRB- mine had charger connection problems , not battery issues -RRB- . In it 's prime it could go a week or more between charges -- Price - I picked this up on sale for under 15 bucks . If it lasts another 5 years I 'll be extremely pleased at my $ 3 per year expenditureCons : NONEI highly recommend this shaver !
 That 's right , this bad-boy has seen some pretty heavy action and is still in really good condition . The battery lasts for a while after a charge -LRB- enough for a two week road trip -RRB- after about 3 years of -LRB- bi -RRB- weekly use . I love this trimmer . I have had no problems with it at all . To be honest , I do n't mess with the length adjustment , I always shave with the plastic head off . It keeps the hair short , but still gives a scruffy man look that women love -LRB- without scratching too much -RRB- . I would recommend this trimmer for everyone with a beard who wants to keep it in control , or who has a beard and does not want a beard -LRB- but hates shaving with a razor -RRB- or just wants the scruffy look . It works great for keeping your `` privates '' in check too.This trimmer just works , and it just works well . Do n't waste your time on anything else .
 I found this by looking at other reviews on Amazon and decided to purchase it based on what I had read there . I was not the least bit disappointed . This has been a great little trimmer that holds a charge for a long time . I use it mostly for trimming my beard , and it has worked great !!
 This product is better than advertised.Easy to use and is better than other higher priced trimmers .
 Works great , does exactly what it 's supposed to do . Built in height setting make it nice not to have to mess with external accessories or snap on height restrictors . No complaints about this great product .
 First beard , first trimmer -LRB- though I have had a moustache for 30 + years -RRB- . I have been very pleased with the ease of use designed into this trimmer , the battery life , the ease with which it can be cleaned , and the freedom from needed lubrication . Also , the price . Thanks to all who wrote the ratings that helped me decide on this one ! I add my enthusiastic endorsement to yours .
 Have been using Norelco Beard Trimmers over the years ... battery failed to recharge and I was forced to consider a replacement . Switched to the Remington MB-200 and was amazed at how wonderful this trimmer performs ... it is sleek , has blades that never need to be lubed , and holds a good charge ... completely happy with the purchase and would highly recommend over similar Norelco trimmers .
 I 've had this for a few months now and it has n't given me any problems yet . It does exactly what I want it to do . Sort of a bland compliment , but one of a high order all the same . Recomended for what it 's worth from a random stranger .
 Remington has made a great product . It does exactly what it advertises
 I previously owned a Norelco trimmer that ran me about $ 50 . When the Norelco finally broke down I decided to replace it within something inexpensive . So far so good . The Remington has done a great job replacing my previous trimmer . There seems to be more juice to the unit and more length settings for trimming . If you 're in the market for an inexpensive trimmer that gets the job done , this is the one for you .
 It 's a shame we live in a world where gadgets and gimmicks rule supreme over quality and simplicity . This razor is as straight forward as it gets . Its blades are sharp and the guide is dependable . It looks like they had to drop the price dramatically ; most likely due to the supreme need for more and more and more choices , instead of quality items . If you are looking for simplicity of design , ease of use , and quality of craftsmanship , then this is the best choice .
 I had always taken the `` clean-shaven '' route but recently decided to keep some stubble on my face . I tried using a cheap Remington body hair trimmer for a little while , but it was not working out . I read a lot of reviews and decided to give this one a try . I found out after I ordered that the shortest setting is 1.5 mm , and I was a little bit worried that that would n't be short enough . When the trimmer arrived , I first tried it on setting # 2 to be safe . Here are my thoughts : I am overall very impressed with this trimmer . After being worried that setting # 1 -LRB- 1.5 mm -RRB- would be too long , it turns out that setting # 2 is just the right length for a good `` stubble '' look . I have n't tried it on # 1 yet , but I ca n't imagine that not being short enough for somebody . I 'd compare # 2 to about 2-3 days of not shaving , and by the looks of things , # 1 seems like it would trim quite a bit shorter . So , if you need shorter than # 1 then you should probably just clean shave at night and you will be happy the next day.I was also very happy with the comb and location of the trimming blades toward the `` front '' of the comb . The comb allows for very easy following of facial contours and the position of the trimming blades makes it easy to trim all the way up to the nose . The result is a good , same-length trim that takes just a couple of minutes . The zoom wheel is very easy to use and it does not seem that the comb will accidentally push down once a setting is chosen.I can not comment on battery life yet as I have only used the trimmer once when I just got it , and I kept it plugged in .
 This product is a really good boost of energy and gives me the strength I need for my workout . It keeps me pumped for two hours and still longing for more . I would recommend dymatize expand for anyone serious about working out
 After using Xpand , I got more energy and strenght to work out and lift iron .
 the sink so far is working out great . it arrived in a very timely manner . packaged very well.very easy to mount on the wall . overall would buy again and would deal with this company again .
 I purchased this sink for my salon . It is used many times daily for three years now . Cleans up well and the water fixture works great also . Ca n't go wrong here . Would definitely purchase another .
 This is the best sour throat medication out there . It very quickly take away the sore and replaces it with cool soothing feeling . I have tried several different brands and always come back to this one . It also clears your sinus as well . What I really like about this is that it is thick and the coating stays on your throat for a while where other brands are watery and slide right down our throat . i just ordered a bottle of this stuff from Amazon since it 's getting harder to find this in stores for some reason .
 I have used this product when necessary for the the last four years . I tried other things with my most recent cold and was dearly disappointed . This will allow you to sleep when dealing with nasal congestion and a sore throat . I have no idea what else actually will do that for me . Sudafed/Actifed are awesome for stopping the nasal flow , but they make me feel awake and jumpy and abnormal . This stuff , day or night , lets me cope with the occasional -LRB- Thank God ! -RRB- cold I get . It makes my throat feel better and it helps me sleep . What else can a girl with a cold ask for ? Best yet , it does n't make my stomach sick . Clear the shelves and just give me this ! And you , too ! Feel better !
 Can only find this on-line . When using Tylenol Sore Throat we are careful to read the directions and not to over do the Tylenol dose .
 This adult version of liquid Tylenol has a cool sensation when you take it , that calms sore throats . Even if your cold or flu does n't result in a painful throat , the cool feeling of this medicine gives some relief to the uncomfortable hot feeling your face and sinuses feel when they are stuffed up . The included dosage cup gives you two measurements , one for the dose you would normally find in 1 Tylenol pill , and the second dose -LRB- a full cup -RRB- is the dosage for what would normally be two Tylenol pills . One bottle of this does not however , equal the same number of doses you would find in a typical bottle of Tylenol pills . What would normally equal two pills , is 30ML of this liquid version . There are 8 ounces of Tylenol in this bottle . 8 ounces equals about 236ML . So if a typical two pill dose equals 30ML , there are about 7.8 two Tylenol pill doses in this bottle .
 I highly recommend Respro Techno Mask . But do not order this from Allergy Be Gone . I ordered the mask paid for 2nd day shipping it took a week . Ordered filters and never received them 22 days later they cancelled my order . I really needed these filters thought they were coming now I am filterless and allergies have kicked in . Thanks Allergy Be Gone .
 These filters do not let the dust thru and they really work I was surprisedby the quality . Price is expensive but worth it .
 I use these filters in my Respro Sporta mask . We 've washed them a half dozen times and they wash up beautifully .
 I live in a polluted city . I need an extra protection while driving on my scooter . This is definitely worth the purchase .
 I 've been taking this multivitamin for years now . It has great liquid sources of B12 , vitamin D , Omega 3 , copper , iodine , etc. . I can feel the effect of the vitamin literally minutes after taking it . It helps me feel positive and relaxed more than any vitamin I 've ever taken , possibly because of the easily absorbed liquid form !
 MY wife and i chose these vitamins after looking for a highly rated multi vitamin that would be good enough to take everyday , for our own use.If you look up multi vitamins , there are a lot of brand names that are not rated good .
 My husband likes these as he is allergic to fillers in the hard vitamins not sure which so decided to try these . Seem to be working ...
 I feel a lot better after starting to take this vitamins . It seems they are more absorbable than the cheap ones I bought at a drug store .
 definitely the best contact lens cleaner i have found
 You should ask my doctor whether the product is good . It seems to work fine ! There 's nothing more to say !
 I 've used the Boston cleaner for decades and recently found out about this product . I tried it and found it to be a bit better than the more expensive Boston version . Not ` head and shoulders ' above the Boston , but still noticeably better . And considering that is is a few dollars cheaper for a 2oz . bottle versus a 1oz . of the Boston , it 's a no-brainer to continue to use the Lobob ESC.Of course , if I 'm in an emergency and ca n't order this stuff quickly enough -LRB- and I 'm in serious need -RRB- , I 'll suck it up and pay -LRB- or overpay -RRB- for the Boston until I can get this product back in my house .
 I have used Lobob cleaner for decades at the recommendation of my original opthamalogist . I find it 's quality has been consistent even though local supply has not . I was pleased to find it available online .
 This Lobob ESC cleaner works great . I 've used it for several years now on my rigid gas permeable lenses . I use it 2x a week . The other days I use Boston Advance cleaner . It takes off other deposits that that the Boston cleaner does n't seem to work well on . And it does n't cause any allergic reactions in my eyes . Only gave it 4 stars since the seller sent me product that were out of the packaging . Not sure why . The ESC cleaners still had the safety seal on , so I 'm using them anyway .
 Optimum ESC Cleans well , but very slippery so more likely to drop a contact lens than if used Miraflow .
 I purchased this cleaner for my contacts . I still use gas perm lens and it is the best product on the market .
 Would recommend for gas permeable lens wearers . It really cleans nicely and has no particulates in it that can cause irritation . It is smooth and sterile . Cleans extremely well .
 There are not many options when buying products for hard contact lenses . This one works well enough , but comes out a bit fast so you get much more than you need from one squirt .
 Lobob Optimum Extra Strength Cleaner is the BEST product I have found for cleaning my gas-permeable contact lenses ! I have worn contacts for over 50 years , and frankly , I would not still be wearing them if I had not found Optimum ESC . It cleans ALL of the `` foggy '' residue and does not damage the lens in anyway . Hopefully , I will be using Optimum ESC for 50 more years !!!
 Been wearing hard lenses for 42 years , a friend told me about Lobo about 10 years ago . It is the only thing that can get the oils off of my contacts . I do n't have to use anything else . At night I store my lenses in water , been doing it for years . I also do not use wetting solution . I have spent a lot of money on Boston products over the years and can say it is over priced JUNK . I have never had an eye problem ever . Having stigmatism is a pain for getting a good contact fit , but why make it more of a pain by purchasing over price junk from the Boston company . you wo n't regret buying it .
 Many years ago when I first started wear hard contact lenses Lobob was recommended . Gas permeable became the standard and other cleaning products came on-line . Finding this compatible product that cleans better is a great re-acquaintance . Be aware that this product is alot more slippery than the other items I have used
 Not much to say , really . My wife has sensitive eyes among other eye issues . She has tries so many different brands . This is the best brand/product so far . Less irritation ans best over all results .
 I 've been wearing hard contacts for years and this is by far the best cleaner I 've used . Other cleaners still leave protein on my contact , but I have n't had an issue since I started using optimum .
 My husband has sjogrens syndrome and wears contacts specifically designed to bathe the eyes continuously ... this product was recommended by his specialist and has become very hard to find at a fair price . His contacts cover the entire eye surface and his cleaner has to not only be dependable but also gentle . We now order from Amazon when he needs more ... thanks for carrying it !
 I 've been using a popular mainstream name brand cleaner for my gas permealbe lenses for more than 20 years . Recently , I could n't get my contacts clean . Despite repeated cleanings -LRB- every few hours -RRB- and enzyme treatments -LRB- everyday -RRB- , my contacts remained blurry . Then , I read the reviews on this product and thought I 'd give it a try . I am so pleased . My contacts are finally clean ! I have no blurring or build-up on my lenses . After using this cleaner only once , my problem of blurred contact lenses was solved . I highly recommend this product !
 I have used this lens cleaner for about 5 years . It is the best . It cleans extremely well with no eye irritation . And , the price is very reasonable . I would highly recommend Optimum ESC .
 Great product - cleans wonderfully and removes protien buildup . Have used this for many years and it is still the best cleaner on the market . Have tried many others but I always resort back to this one .
 What can I say about a contact lens cleaning solution ? It works very well , and it 's cheaper than Target 's UP brand . A winner !
 Use this product for contact lense cleaning and you will be pleased to find out that it is the best and only product that completely cleans lenses making them so comfotable to wear ! Combine the use of this cleaning solution with the disinfecting and soaking solution for best results . My Doctor was right ... A + + +
 All of the Lobob Optimum products are great . I 've been wearing gas permeable lenses for a long time , and the cleaner they are the more comfortable they are.This cleaner is the best I 've used , and I 've tried them all . When combined with their other products you may rethink switching to soft lenses or getting surgery .
 I 've been wearing RGP lenses for almost 20 years and used Boston Solutions exclusively . My eye doctor gave me samples of different cleaners and solutions to try . Allergies tended to fog up my lenses after only a day of wearing them . This cleaner really worked . It does wonders for removing protein deposits . It makes the lenses feel `` slimy '' just like after having them professionally cleaned . I ca n't use the other Lobob solutions because for some reason my eyes are sensitive and tend to burn when I do but this cleaner is great . I use it with Alcon 's Unique pH conditioning solution and my eyes have never felt better and my vision is so much clearer due to clean lenses .
 I can not believe how acute my vision is after cleaning my contact lenses with this solution . I have tried Boston and Alcon -LRB- the popular brands -RRB- and nothing seemed to take off the built-on protein deposits except professional polishing . THIS STUFF CLEANS BETTER THAN PROFESSIONAL POLSIHING.The delivery was very prompt and I highly recommend this product if you wear rigid gas permeable lenses .
 At $ 9.89 a bottle for twice the amount -LRB- Boston cleaner costs this for one ounce -RRB- , including super saver shipping , plus the positive reviews , I decided to try this product and have been using it for the past three weeks . I have been wearing hard contact lenses since they first came out . When was that ? Okay , I was about 15 , and it has been 49 years since they were invented -LRB- do n't do the rest of the math -RRB- . Suffice to say that I have tried a lot of cleaning products . The one thing that I have particularly noticed is that the cleaner takes any deposits off the lenses and keeps them clear throughout the day . I 'm so pleased with the performance of this cleaner that I 'm about to order another bottle while the price is low .
 I have been wearing rigid gas Permeable lenses for many years now & have been using Lobob Lens cleaning solutions for Quite sometime & this product Lobob Optimum ESC is by far the best there is for cleaning my lenses & keeping them clear & feeling good all day . . Great Stuff highly recommend it . . Thank You
 After wearing hard lenses for nearly 40 years , I was suddenly suffering from red , weepy , painful eyes . My optometrist had told me he suspected that I developed an allergy to Boston solutions and told me to try Clear Care which helped but did not give me total relief . I discovered the Optimum line by doing some online research . My progressive RGP lenses are once again comfortable and wearable all day for 12-16 hours . I wish that it were more readily available at consistent prices but am thankful to Lobob because without the Optimum line , my contact lens wearing days would be over !
 The Lobob Optimum products are really superior to other cleaners for RGP lenses . Due to dry eyes , I have had a problem keeping my lenses clean , but this cleaner used in conjunction w / the Optimum Wetting and Rewetting Drops has really made a difference .
 I 've been wearing contact lenses for the last 50 years and have cleaned my hard lenses with every type of product that 's been on the market . This is by far the best cleaner for my gas-permeable hard lenses . Cleans best and does n't leave any irritating residue .
 I have been a devoted user of Lobob Optimum ESC -LRB- Extra Strength Cleaner -RRB- for 5 years . I wear gas perm bifocal contact lenses , am allergic to many preservatives , and suffer from dry eyes which makes the contacts develop a film by the end of the day.There is absolutely no product that I have found that does as good a job cleaning my contacts . In fact , I actually STORE my contacts in the cleaning solution every night . The contacts are clean in the morning , stay clean longer , and I am not bothered by reactions to preservatives because this product is preservative free.It is difficult to find where I live . The only store that carried it was Walgreens and now they have discontinued it . I ordered 4 bottles from Amazon and will continue to do so.Try it !
 I have worn hard contact lenses for 50 years , and have tried every cleaner out there . This cleaner is far superior to any other . It only takes 2 or 3 drops per contact , so it lasts for months . Labob should advertise this product more . I had never heard of it until my optometrist gave me a sample . It is impossible to find locally , so I am very glad that Amazon carries it . Try it - you WILL love it .
 I just started wearing RGP contacts a few weeks ago , and really only began wearing them regularly last week -LRB- had a few setbacks b/c of allergies and a slight corneal scratch . If you do n't have a plunger for RGP removal , order a few , they can save you so much trouble . -RRB- . In any case , after daily wear for about a week , I still had n't gotten past ~ 2 hours of wear , until I started using the Optimum system -LRB- ESC , plus CD solution and WRW drops -RRB- . The first day I sailed through 3.5 hours of wear , and could have gone longer , but decided not to push my luck . Since then I 've continued to lengthen the wearing period and while I 'm still adjusting to the ` there 's something in my eye ' sensation from the lenses themselves , I am free of other irritations I was experiencing -LRB- using Boston Advanced -RRB- and the need to instill drops every 20 minutes or so . Still need drops periodically , but I only need to put in the WRW drops every 1.5 - 2 hours , a much lengthened interval for me.Overall , if you have sensitive eyes or contact allergies -LRB- I am allergic to several of the quaterniums -RRB- I recommend that you try the Optimum system . Though I have not been using Optimum long , this is the first time I have found my RGPs comfortable enough to hope that wearing them all day , every day might actually work for me .
 This is an excellent cleaner , since we can not purchase the cleaner with Pepsin any longer for gas permeable rigid -LRB- hard -RRB- contact lenses . When your lenses get to the point you can no longer clean with anything , go to your lab -LRB- where you bought them -RRB- and have them use checmicals only they can buy .
 I have tried many cleaners for my hard lenses and this one seems to do the best job of cleaning all deposits and other dirt from them with no allergic reactions .
 This is my favorite cleaner . The stores in my city do n't carry this awesome product . I 'm so glad I found it on Amazon .
 I 've been wearing gas permeable lens for a number of years and when they stopped making the enzyme tablets to remove deposits felt helpless . I then discovered Optimum Ex-Strength Cleaner . It by far does the best job of any product on the market !
 This cleaner works very well on my bi-focal contact lenses . I switched from another brand based on my doctor 's recommendation and it made a world of difference . For some reason it 's difficult to find this product in stores , so I order in from Amazon for the same price including shipping .
 When I checked with my optomistrist office on what to use to `` really '' clean my gas permeable lenses , I was told to buy Optimum . I 'm glad I did ! It is a great cleaner and goes beyond my expectations . I 've been wearing the gas permeables for many years and this is really the best product I 've used for cleaning . Great job and I highly recommend using it daily .
 Great cleaner for my hard lenses . It 's been hard to find this at my local drug stores , glad I can still find this online .
 Hi , I 've never written a review before . I am having trouble finding Paragone II , the 2nd part of the treatment , but I anticipate additional digestive improvements . I would recommend this product to anyone with digestive issues , if your doctor says it is OK .
 This my second review for the product . I 'm not sure what happened to the first one.First time , I believe I rated it as 3 stars due to poor packaging . Recently while ordering something else on Amazon I found a gift card from unknown sources . After some investigation I realized that the company actually refunded shipping and send me email stating that they are sorry and are addressing the problem . I really impressed that they actually listen ! I am sorry I somehow missed their email when they sent itBack to the review . I bought the batteries for a lawn mover . They work great and I have them for 2 + month now . Those batteries are high quality batteries and I expect them to last for at least few years . That was the reason I decided to go with a bit more expensive batteries . The shelf life is quite a bit better then the cheaper ones . The shelf life was another reason for my choice . Basically it means even if the battery were sitting some time in a warehouse it did not loose its capacity.Shipping was fast .
 I was using Alka-seltzer for indigestion before I got put on blood thinners , found this product with no asprin , just what I needed .
 This is Alka-Seltzer without the aspirin . It 's perfect for heartburn , indigestion , or feeling too full . Why take a product with extra ingredients you do n't need ?? This is JUST FOR HEARTBURN . If you 've got a headache or body aches , take regular alka seltzer , not this . But if you need relief of heartburn I highly recommend this product - I 'm a registered nurse .
 I am an R.N. and also a Diabetic . I have used this dispenser every day , twice a day . I use one for my morning pills and one for my evening pills . This way I can set them up for a month . There are times when I have forgotten to take my pills or really could n't remember but with the Royalty pill organizer all I had to do was look and see what day the last pills were taken . They have been very helpful in managing my Diabetes , helping me to take medications on a regular schedule every day . I highly recommend this item to be used , especially for the elderly who often need assistance in organizing and correctly taking their medications.Cecelia R. Peterson , R.N.
 Enfamil Lipil with Iron is one of the better infant baby formulas I have used . This powdered formula is manufactured by Mead Johnson and it was the first formula to be manufactured with the DHA and ARA fatty acids described above , making it a pioneer in its class.I have used many different baby formulas and I have found only a few differences among them . I generally stick to formulas that include the DHA and ARA fatty acids because , well , it just seems like something valuable . Other than that , I am game to sample most any different brand . I tend to stick with one or two favorites but I was convinced to give Enfamil a try after I received a coupon for free Enfamil Lipil with Iron and decided it was time to try something new.With Enfamil Lipil , I noticed one difference right away . The powder itself seems to be more finely ground than other brands and I could tell a difference when I was scooping it out of the container . It seems to scoop more easily and it even feels lighter . Then , when combined with warm water , I noticed that it dissolves more quickly and left behind fewer lumps . The finished product seems milkier and smoother than other formulas and there is less of a chemical smell.These qualities made for a positive first impression . But what really mattered most was how my little girl would accept the formula and what effects , if any , the formula would have on her body . I noticed there was less gas with Enfamil Lipil formula - not just less spitting up , but fewer bubbles in the bottle . With many other formulas , I could visibly see the bubbles and I knew , once the liquid was consumed , it was only a matter of time until some of the consumed liquid came right back up my little one 's tiny esophagus . But with Enfamil Lipil with Iron , there is very little gas and almost no spitting up at all.Another thing that concerned me was the reaction that could take place on the other end of my little girl 's body . I was most concerned that this new formula might cause constipation but instead , it seemed to have had the opposite effect . Her little diaper was loaded with a larger than normal amount of potty and even though it did n't reach the point of diarrhea , it was still abundant . It was n't a real problem , since after one day her bowels were back to their old selves again . But it is still something to look out for if you make a switch in formulas.Enfamil Lipil with Iron is priced very close to what other popular brands are priced . The smaller , 12.9 oz . can contains enough powder to produce about 86 oz . of mixed formula . This works out to a fairly high price per ounce , but there is one way to save a little money on this product
 In our house , this formula is just the best . It is the closest formula to breast milk , both in appearance , smell and apparently , taste . Not to mention all the nutrients it contains as well . Enfamil was first with the lipil added in formula to mimmick breast milk . I use this to supplement nursing and have had absolutely no problems doing so whatsoever . The baby takes it just as easily and since it 's more easily digested , I do n't have spitups or any diarrhea , you name it . I buy this stuff by the ton it seems and could n't be more pleased . I use those Avent bottles and the Gerber shake up bottles -LRB- aka , the milkshake bottles in our house ! -RRB- and they 're just great . This formula dissolves extremely easily and you do n't have to worry about it gucking up in the nipple.So , if your nursing and looking for a supplement , or even if you 're not , try Enfamil first . You 'll appreciate the no formula/chemical odor too . It just smells like milk ! Thanks so much for a great product !
 This forumla is the least offensive to the stomach when I tested several kinds by drinking 16 oz each . The only thing I 'd like is for Enfamile to make an organic formula . The existing organic formulas -LRB- other brands -RRB- have inferior choice of ingrediants . It 's no good to have organic cane sugar for an infant -LRB- Simulac -RRB- , for example . Lactose is much better . While one organic brand does use lactose , I did n't like the exact foruma as well as Enfamil . It 's no best choice , just a very good one .
 We substitute breast milk with formula since i dont produce enough breast milk . We have tried Similac when he was 2 weeks old and he never finished it and we swicth to Nestle but he also refused to drink it . We finally get a free sample from enfamil and we give it a shoot and he love it . Since then he never fuss again and he always drink it ! I think Enfamil is the closest to breast milk
 When my son was diagnosed with an allergy to my breastmilk I began the tedious process of eliminating dairy from my diet . At first , I thought it was worth it b/c breast milk is best for babies . Well , unfortunately , it was n't as easy as I thought it would be . My son continued to have reactions to many of the foods I ate . His physical symptoms included
 That is in my opinion and both my little ones also . I have a 19 month old who nursed for 12 months and I supplemented this formula for her from 6 months up to 18 months . My littlest one , 3 months , is also nursing and refuses to drink the Similac . He has no complaints with this formula though !! Fills his little tummy through the night , no spitups or gas . He does get constipated here and there when he consumes more formula than breastmilk , but I 'm told that is normal with babies switching back between breast and bottles w / formula . Nothing a little Karo Syrup does n't take care of -LRB- not to mention he loves the syrup mixed w / the Enfamil ... it 's like candy in a bottle ! -RRB- . Thank you Enfamil !!
 I have been using this cologne ever since , it was given to me as a gift in 1988-89 and the girls love it . I have seen the price go up and down and this product is now disappearing from most of the retailers out there and some like to inflate the price . So once I saw this it was a no brainer .
 Bought this as a gift for a friend , and he 's gotten a lot of attention from the ladies when he wears it out in public - including me ! As his girlfriend , I had to insist he only wear it when we go out together ;-RRB- Very sexy scent at a super price . Hard to find fragrance , too . Has a spicy , fresh , woodsy smell . Yum !
 Purchased this for my 70 year old father who has been looking all over for it . He 's happy with product . Fast delivery , easy transaction .
 It was great to be able to find this product here . I have been using it for years for keeping my blood pressure where it 's supposed to . I am really sorry that there is so little of it left on the market as I know this one and it 's strength works for me . When it 's all gone , I 'll have to try a different brand . I 'm so glad I ordered 4 boxes .
 Reasonably priced and was shipped as described . Would purchase again when needed . Great product for people who get fever blisters .
 WOW !!! If you are a white chocolate fan , you have got to try these , and with the carmel ... FANTASTIC !!! I can not say enough good things about these . I tried one , and I immediately signed up for subscribe & save , this flavor is my favorite !! The bars are small , but because of the fiber and protein they really fill you up . -LRB- Well for a snack , anyway :-RRB- And at 100 calories , you can indulge anytime with no guilt !!
 With 5 grams of protein and 5 grams of fiber these are only about 11/2 WW points . Delicious and a good energy source.The chocolate coating melts easily and gets messy .
 I 'm a weight watcher and I absolutely love these bars . They taste great and they help with keeping me on track . I have one on the way home from work and they help to keep me from attacking the cupboards while cooking supper . They are only 100 calories and 1 pt . I buy them in bulk and that way I have one when I need to fill the `` sweet tooth '' craving . I 'm a vanilla and caramel person and these taste great ! They have the right amount of protein , fiber , and fat to balance the cravings .
 it 's like candy with protein and fiber . read the ingredients , you may not be ok with everything that 's in there , but check before you buy . now i just have to try and eat just one ...
 People say they are small . Yes they are but perfect for breakfast or a snack . They are only 100 calories so it is great .
 I love this product . As a Weight Watcher follower with a sweet tooth , I find this 100 calorie Balance bar satisfies my need for sweets and it 's only one W.W. point . Be careful with the chocolate variety ; my last two orders from Amazon came in a melted mess - does n't seem to effect the vanilla bars .
 This 100 calorie bar carries an impressive amount of fiber and nutrients , and is low in sugar - but you 'll never know unless you read the wrapper . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 is because the coating is n't as good as the chocolate caramal and peanut butter varieties . I would buy it again though , as it adds some variety .
 I have used this product for 2-3 years . It is perfect for hydrating menopausal/post menopausal skin . The cleansing lotion heals and moisturizes my skin all while gently and efficiently cleansing it . I also use several of their other facial products which I also highly recommend .
 What a great antiperspirant ! Finally , a product that does n't cause irritation , burning , itching or rashes . I love it
 This is the only deodorant that I have found that does not make my underarm skin break out -LRB- or something worse -RRB- . I would recommend it to anyone but especially those with sensitive skin or aluminum allergy .
 I can not wear any other deodorant other than Almay solid . I am allergic to all others including the hydro and the roll on . So I am very grateful I was able to find this product online thru Amazon .
 I have sensitive skin and other anti-persperants make me itch after using them for a few days . Almay does not . I am also sensitive to scents -LRB- allergies -RRB- and the unscented feature is also a big plus for me . Almay controls perspiration and odor as well as anything I have ever used and my pits are not sticky after applying . Excellent product !
 LOVE THIS PRODUCT AND CAN NOT FIND IT IN OUR STORES IN AMARILLO , TEXAS . THANK GOODNESS FOR AMAZON .
 I 've been using this product for several months and I love it ! It 's great for sensitive skin and very effective even after going to the gym . I 'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars just because it 's hard to find at retail stores .
 I ordered this product and am very happy with the results . I have recently started back to college -LRB- I am not a youngster -RRB- and I think I will always have it on hand now.I feel that my memory is better -LRB- good for all those tests -RRB- and I think I will pass my classes.The company is also very fast on shipping . It 's almost like instant delivery . Great company !!!! I highly recommend this product and this company .
 Ginkgo is waaaayyyy better in liquid form . Every college student or busy professional need this in their life . It helps me be alert when I need to do homework
 After trying probiotics in the past with mixed results , my naturopath turned me on to this one . I 've been taking it for almost three weeks and have been very pleased . This one 's with me for the long haul .
 I am very satisfied with this product . I felt I had to eat constantly and every time I did I would get extremely bloated/gassy . I felt better after the second day of one capsule per day . Again , I am very satisfied .
 I love Breathe Right Nasal Strips . I have hayfever and I snore , so I was definitely a candidate to use them . I did n't think they would make much of a difference , but it 's like night and day . To get an idea of what they could do for you , gently grab your nostrils and pull them down and apart . Ahhhh.The instructions say you will need to use them for a few nights to retrain yourself to breathe through your nose while sleeping . I used to often , if not usually , wake up with a dried-out mouth -LRB- from breathing with my mouth open -RRB- , but with a nose strip on , this never happens . I also wake up feeling much more refreshed . Every now and then I get lazy and do n't put one on at bedtime , but I always regret it . Once you get used to sleeping with these , you feel miserable trying to sleep without one.In fact , in the morning when you peel it off , you 'll wish you could leave it on . I sometimes * have * left them on . I 've even forgotten and gone out in public with them on -LRB- which , surprisingly , hardly seems to draw a second glance -RRB- . If your complexion is n't too oily , you may be able to get double duty out of a strip by using it twice . Save the little pull tabs to replace in the morning , and weight the strip to flatten it . I always use my strips twice and only rarely have any trouble with them sticking the second night . Be sure to wash your nose immediately before applying the strip -LRB- and use an astringent if your complexion is very oily -RRB- . If you are wondering if the small/medium is big enough for you , it almost certainly is . I recommend these to all my friends , and even those with the biggest of noses use this size -LRB- including men -RRB- . You might need the large size only if you have a very broad nose.As others have noted , the strips feel a little weird at first , but you 'll quickly get used to it . As I said , I sometimes forget I even have one on . Give yourself time to adjust , and you 'll love these.I ca n't recommend this product enough . The price here is very good , too -- comparable to the price at a warehouse store . If you have allergies , problems with snoring , or a deviated septum , you need these .
 I 've been a nose drop addict for most of my life . No allergies or hay fever ... just congestion when I lie down . 15 years ago , I had a rhinoplasty that seemed to have corrected the problem , but the effect only lasted a couple years . Since then , I have n't gone to sleep with out a hit of Afrin at bedtime . Recently , I 've had to increase use of this 12 hour product -LRB- that you 're not supposed to take for more than 3 days -RRB- to several times a day for congestion as well as during the night . This is considered a ` rebound ' effect . Like any addictive drug , the more you use , the more you have to use to get the desired relief . A few weeks ago I began to notice blood when I blew my nose and got very concerned.My husband has used Breath Right strips since they first came out for snoring -LRB- they proved about 75 % effective ... he still snores if he sleeps on his back -RRB- and suggested I try them for the congestion . The reason I was reluctant is because the bridge of my nose has been rebuilt from cartiledge and the skin is very thin , so I was worried about the agressive nature of the adhesive pressing the strip into my nose . But I was desperate to kick the nose drop habit , so I finally gave the BRs a try . So far , so good ! Its been almost a week and I have n't had to use any nose spray at all in my left nostril , and am down to one little drop in my right nostril before bedtime ... as opposed to using the spray 4 times a day ! I put the strip slightly lower than is recommended , over the fleshier part of my nose , and they still seem to work fine . No more blood ... and no runny nose like I used to have from using so much nose spray ! Hopefully , I 'll eventually not even need that one drop I 'm down to.I take them off in the shower , to minimize the pulling on the skin . When I run out of the tan , I might try the clear ones that have a less agressive adhesive . I 'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price and because they were less than 100 % effective in stopping my husband 's snoring -LRB- but still a major improvement -RRB- . If I can permantly break the nose spray habit and reverse any damage done to my breathing passages , the cost will be well worth it .
 I suffer from year round allergies and nothing helps . Absolutely no antihistamine or nasal spray helps for long . I can NEVER breathe out of my nose . I loathe getting a cold , as breathing is near impossible . These strips used in combination with a netti pot and I can actually breathe at night . I also wear them when I exercise , again to help me breathe better.I also prefer Breathe Right to generic product , as they stick much better and stay in place better.If you can breathe just fine through your nose without these , then no , these are n't going to be of much help to you . But if you 're like me and you have trouble breathing b/c of chronic allergies then I 'd highly recconmend these ! Also highly reccomend using a netti pot in combination with it ! The netti pot -LRB- saline solution -RRB- helps reduce the swelling in my nostrils along with just general cleaning them out .
 I was skeptical to try these at first , not knowing how they could possibly help my snoring , allergies , and asthma . My allergies get so bad that it hurts to breathe through my nose at all - I thought some little adhesive strip could n't possibly alleviate that . However , along with my normal OTC allergy medication , these strips are working wonders . I tried one on a weekend just to see how it worked , and I found not only that it was n't uncomfortable , but it was actually helping ! After the first night I wore one to bed , my husband woke up to tell me he had n't slept that well since before we 'd been married - I had n't snored at all , and he felt like I was more peaceful and getting a better night 's sleep.Not only do these relieve my breathing problems at night , but breathing clearly does indeed help me feel more rested . I absolutely recommend these ! Be sure to wash your face immediately before applying a strip , and if removal is difficult , use a little warm water or baby oil to avoid getting a raw mark on your nose .
 OK . There are two main groups of `` users '' for this product - those who wear the product on their noses and hopefully find some benefit , and their sleep mates who no longer have to listen to snoring that ranges from a light whistling to a full blown deforestation each night . I fall into the latter category , although my sinus problems have me tempted to try the -LRB- small -RRB- strips out for myself some time soon . My husband uses the strips and he notices a slight improvement in his own sleep , some benefits in his breathing and a less dry mouth on waking . I have to say YAY for the inventor . These rock !
 This is the kind of product you want to have on you when you sleep , to help snoring and runny noses . Its also great for those of you who work out or run because it helps you breath better . Overall , you just feel good !! Its awesome !! Legit !! Too legit to quit !!
 It 's amazing that something this simple can eliminate snoring , but it does . It 's a simple mechanical device that sure beats surgery or drugs for simplicity and non-invasiveness . You might need surgery or drugs -LRB- or a CPAP machine , etc. -RRB- depending on the severity of your problems but you might as well try this first and see if it solves the problem to your satisfaction.I have noticed from time to time that there are positions I can sleep in that leave my head and neck at an odd angle that still results in some back-of-throat snoring type sounds -LRB- more like hissing -RRB- as I breathe , but it 's easy enough to reposition to get rid of that . Still , the major snoring noise is gone , and my wife and I both get better sleep and feel more rested . I did n't realize how much my poor breathing during sleep interfered with the rejuvenation function of sleep . In other words , snoring makes your sleep very erratic . You wake up many times during the night and do n't remember it , but you wake up in the morning feeling tired . So it 's not just a problem for people who sleep near you ; it 's probably causing problems for the snorer too.The tan-colored ones are made of some kind of fabric and the adhesive is stronger , which can cause some itching at night and discomfort during removal . I like the clear ones best . Also , the off-brand ones I got at a Long 's Drugs store are really bad -LRB- too stiff , too sticky , and the adhesive stayed on my face after removal -RRB- ; stick with the name brand .
 I have been having mild allergies and sinus congestion , which has affected my ability to breath easily through my nose . Before using these , my sleep was exceptionally poor and unrestful ; I would wake up exhausted and unrefreshed because breathing through my nose was requiring a lot of energy while sleeping.These strips have made a HUGE difference . If you 're having any difficulty sleeping at night , I would at least give them a try . I feel twenty times better ; six hours of sleep with the strips is better than eight hours without ...
 OK . Every once and a while a product comes along with a simple premise and does EXACTLY what it claims to do . This is one of those products.Please do n't think I 'm exaggerating when I tell you that if you have trouble night-breathing , this product will literally change your life.Breathe Right strips afix to the bridge of your nose and gently attempt to straighten , opening your nasal pasage . I have seen complaints that this tickles , but if you have that problem , you are likely wearing the wrong size.If you snore , the intensity of that snoring will be greatly reduced or eliminated altogether.If you wake up with morning headaches -LRB- or achey brain , as I like to call it -RRB- because of trouble breathing , you will learn what it feels like to wake up supercharged and alert.If you wake up with dry mouth , or get sore throats every year because of nightime mouth-breathing , PROBLEM-SOLVED ! I come from a family that has all of these issues because of our small nasal passages . Some family members have even had surgery to correct it , to dissapointing results.Listen and believe . Breathe Right strips ended this problem for me!All I can tell you is , if you have this problem , you MUST try this product right-away . Take it from someone who knows what a terrible chain-reaction poor breathing can spark !
 Great product . Definitely helps me sleep better at night . I use these with a nasal spray at night and I breathe through my nose all night . No snoring
 I use them sometimes to sleep if I 'm a little congested , and it does cut down on snoring , even if it 's not severe snoring , and eliminates the dry mouth in the am . But I do use them almost always when doing a long treadmill run/walk . They really improve the exercise experience because I can breathe more through my nose . Since this might happen before I cleanse my face at night , I have to remember to swipe my nose with some witch hazel and then dry it so it sticks . At about 30 cents apiece , they are well worth it if they help me stick to my exercise program !
 Right up front , I want to say that this and other brands have worked wonders for my ability to get a better night 's rest . I have allergies and am overweight . The net result is that my nasal passages are easily clogged and I end up breathing through my mouth . These sorts of strips do really work.Now for my review of this particular product . I thought I had a largish nose . So I have always used the large size in tan . I did not like the fact that the strip really stuck to the thin skin along the bridge of the nose . When removing the strip , the strip would really pull at the skin leaving a red mark at bridge . I tried two generic brands -LRB- yes Virginia , there are generic knockoffs some of which work well -RRB- which were a wee bit cheaper . I liked those better . On a whim , I tried this one
 i tried these , they are great , my family says i snore , they really help , great for stuffy noses too !
 My neurologist recommended these for my sleeping problem . They do help !
 I have had allergies and been a `` mouth-breather '' when I sleep for my whole life . My husband is a light sleeper , so my snoring was keeping him awake at night . I tried the strips out of curiosity . My husband says they work great in reducing my snoring ! They are helping me learn how to breathe through my nose when I sleep -LRB- I now find I can not fall asleep without one -RRB- . An added benefit is that my morning congestion has significantly diminished , and consequently , my allergy medicine intake has as well -LRB- so for me , they 're worth the price ! -RRB-
 These really help if you have a breathing problem at night . They open the nasal passages and allow more oxygen to enter . Also , this item causes little or no skin irritation . With 38 in the package , it 's also a great deal . You do have to be careful of shipping costs , however . They do vary by merchant .
 When exercising , I was having trouble breathing through my nose . I tried these strips . WOW ! What a difference !! I then tried them for sleeping . It has made sleeping easier because I do n't breathe through my mouth and wake up with a dry mouth anymore.The strip will feel funny at first . Though it does n't take long until you forget it 's on your nose , and you must remember to remove it .
 The little strips were the best invention for helping people to Breathe Right during the night . I use the clear ones because I sensitive skin . The small/medium size is the ones that fit most people . Before applying the strip , first wash your face to remove any oil or dirt . Otherwise the strip may come off during the night.The strip once applied , forces your nasal passages open to let air flow freely and you breathe normally . If you are prone to snoring , which I am , my wife swears by them , so I wear them.If you buy them through Amazon with their subscription service with free shipping , the price works out to about 30 cents each . That 's a bargain if you have priced them in the stores .
 The strips really help sleeping and I sleep a lot better with them . Only problem is the size . If you have an `` average '' size nose , make sure to order the large size , not the medium for what they call `` normal noses '' . In any case , these work very well !
 For years my wife and I have had chronic nasal problems . We have taken pills , used steam and a variety of sane and insane methods of keeping our noses clear at night . I knew about the nasal strips , but never really believed it could work ... looked like a scam . My wife less skeptical and bought a box at a local pharmacy ... it worked . It worked better than any pill . She made me try and it worked for me too . The only thing I hate is the price . From the pharmacy it cost a half a buck apiece for a bandaid with a wire in it . Forturnately , by buying a bunch from Amazon , we cut that price in half ... but please ... a quarter each for a piece of sticky plastic ???? Oh well , must be worth it ... we have bought more .
 I am very happy with this product.It is not nearly as hard to remove , in the morning , as the colored strips .
 Works well , but I 'm not sure if the price is worth it . There must be a generic that works as well at a better price
 ... my stepfather swore by them . To me , they feel weird on your nose , kind of tickly and make me go cross eyed trying to look at it on my nose . Made it difficult to sleep . However , that being said , they do what they say they will do , which is to open up the nasal passages and help make breathing easier . I wo n't use them again , but my mother says my stepfather has stopped snoring because of them , and for her , that makes them nearly priceless .
 Personally , I receive no benefit through the use of these strips . I am a deep sleeper , and can breath through my nose without them . However , I do snore , and my girlfriend swears these strips reduce the noise to a much more manageable level . Because they help her sleep , I shell out the cash to buy them . I rate them at 4 stars mostly because given the material costs of each strip , they are ridiculously expensive , but I have not found a generic alternative .
 I ca n't take decongestants because they interfer with my blood pressure meds . Everytime I get a cold I suffer through the congestion until I bought these . I seriously did n't think they would work , but they DO ! They work great , I can breathe again ! Thank you whoever invented these things !
 Helps me breathe easier at night so my hubby sleeps better . I buy this product by the dozens as I have to use them every single night .
 Well worth the $ $ $ $ $ . Always fast delivery w/all I `` ve ordered!My husband said , `` these are the best ones I `` ve ordered `` They are thiner & come off very easy!A much better sleep for both of us !
 Seems to work well . I bought it because sometime I wake up with a raw throat in the morning and think it 's from snoring during the night . I bought these hoping they would slow down any snoring I may be doing . As I said I sleep alone so I do n't know if they are doing the job or not , but I do n't seem to have the raw throat anymore in the mornings .
 I 've been breathing through my mouth for as long as I could recall due to a deviated septum which totally sealed shut my left nostril . No air could pass through my left nostril -LRB- if you shine a torch light into my left nostril , there is absolutely no empty space there for air to pass through -RRB- . The downside of breathing through my mouth is that I constantly end up with dry/sore throat that can really hurt for days.My mum obtained some sample strips of Breathe right for me to try and although I was skeptical at first , I quickly changed my mind after applying it . The strip seems to work by lifting the top wall of the nose to create a larger nasal passage and this gave me back half of my left nostril instantly which without it would have been totally blocked by cartilage . I 'm now able to rely on my nose for breathing again despite the semi blockage that still exists in my left nostril.On the whole , I 'm very satisfied by it . I 'll continue to rely on it until I get a nose surgery . My only complaint is that the strip does n't blend well with my skin color making it somewhat obvious on my nose .
 The item was exactly how was displayed and briefed . The cologne smells wonderful and wood definitely purchase this item again .
 I choose it because it goes with my personality . I could not find it before . It is an excelent perfume , The best one
 It is the only fragrance I 've used for years and never would cease to use , although at first was aimed at seniors , this is a fragrance that you can use any adult contemporary .
 This is an amazing fragrance and very luxury from Baldessarini!Very oceanic notes , and it 's better for older men , or , a younger man that wants to show up a sober mind.One of the best -LRB- if not the best -RRB- fragrances I ever tried .
 I received a sample from my sister and both my husband and I were pleasantly surprised . This is a wonderful soft fragrance that lasts the majority of the day ! I bought it as a Christmas present for my husband and he loved it !
 I just bought my 3rd bottle of Del Mar because I love it so much and ca n't find anything that smells better . It 's not an in-your-face smell , very subtle yet powerful enough that people will know it 's you that smells so great . I 've never worn it out without someone complimenting me or asking where they can get some . It 's an every day scent that is sexy enough for a date , but casual enough for the office . It also mixes very well with other colognes , I 've noticed . I often mix in a littleFLORIDA WATER -LRB- PLASTIC BOTTLE -RRB- Size
 This is a cologne that my husband had used and liked for a number of years and it was unavailable in the stores in our area . We are glad I could order it on line !
 Ladies loves this sent and I have received numerous compliments with this sent . I highly recommend this cologne for any man over 21 -LRB- It 's a mans sent -RRB- .
 This was the lowest price I 've seen anywhere for this cologne , and the bottle is the biggest . I bought this for my husband last year for around $ 60 and it was half the size . Got ta love buying on Amazon !
 I purchased this item in St. Thomas for my husband and let me tell you what ladies , this stuff is irresistable ! My husband always gets an extra hug when he wears this just so I can get a little rush ! I paid the same amount there for it
 IF it 's real , then this perfume is wonderful . But at such a cheap price , I doubt the quality of the product . Either fake or expired , you got ta be careful .
 I bought myself 2 of these and attached one to my SLR and one to my point and shoot . I had so many people try to steal them that I started giving them as gifts !! These are an excellent alternative to your shirt tail and clipping them to your camera strap keeps them available at all times . If you love your camera and do n't want to ruin your lens or filter , buy this cleaning cloth !! Actually - buy several . Someone you know is going to want one !
 Handy hook allows me to hang the bag where ever convenient without fear of losing it . Small size bag with attached cloth that folds out .
 I know this microfiber cloth is stated as being a great lens cleaner , but for me it 's a great universal cleaner ! I mainly use my Spudz microfiber cloth to clean the touch screens of all my portable electronic devices.I own a Motorola Droid X smart phone , Apple Ipod Touch 4G , and a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 , and this little wonder can clean them all ! And it does an outstanding job , especially on my Android tablet , which seems to attract finger prints like no other device I own . It can take more than pass wiping the touch glass . I do notice though that it seems to work the best if I use the moisture from my breath on the capacitive glass , right before I make a pass with the cloth.And as for the size , well it 's perfect in my opinion . It easily covers and cleans my smart phone and ipod , and yet is still big enough to cover the 10.1 inch real estate on my tablet . Also , once you 're bundled it up inside the little carry bag that it is attached to from the inside , I hardly notice I 'm even carrying it in my pockets anymore . I would think it would be highly unobtrusive for any conceivable carry situation , from your pants pocket , purse , or just toss it in a backpack or laptop bag . Actually I found it to be much smaller than I thought it was going to be , by looking at the pictures on this page before I bought it . I would say it 's not much bigger than a US quarter once it 's wrapped up inside it 's bag.Overall I 'm very pleased with thus purchase . For a do-it-all lens/screen cleaner , I think you 'd be hard pressed to find a better alternative in a perfect , easily carried microfiber cloth .
 Just a note to let you all know the Super Phos is made to be used in a liver flush , not on its own - google about the Dews liver cleanse . The reviewer appears to have used it on its own without the full cleanse process .
 I have used the super phos 30 when I was participating in a liver , gall bladder flush . I must have passed hundreds of pea green stones . Within 24 hours of completing the flush , my energy level went through the roof . I highly recommend using this product when doing a liver flush . J.P.-TN .
 this was actually required in the 21 days detox . I am not sure how it works by itself but it worked great with the detox .
 I bought this as part of the detox included in the Martha 's Vineyard Diet Detox . The author had Super Phos as part of the liver flush . Works for me.I wished I could have found this in a local store , but did n't have any luck , so I had to wait for it to come in the mail .
 Fiber Choice Fiber Supplement , Sugar-Free Assorted Fruit Chewable Tablets , 90-Count Bottles -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- Most Excellant !
 I have an Anal Fistula and doctor recommended Metamusil . I do n't like to mix the metamusil with water and take it every day . Fiber choice tablets are convenient to eat as we do n't need water also.I like the taste . I have to try the muti-vitamin version also .
 Good price on a good product . These taste good and are easy to eat and digest . I have not experienced any gastrointestinal issues , only positive results . A very esay way to increase your fiber intake .
 Bought this together with a another product , Ultra Fiber , to see which would be a better fiber supplement . I found Fiber Choice to have lesser side effects . Ultra Fiber bloated my stomach even with only half the recommended dosage . Did not have the same problem when I used Fiber Choice .
 I have found this product to truly help my overall health , as well as my digestive system and consistent bowel movements . I must advise , the price is good on Amazon , but I would recommend that I bought it at -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- for 1 bottle , but it 's a 220 count compared to the amazons 90 -RRB- . Just thought I would let that be known , but I still use amazon for most other things . Tastes great , only positive things to your health and immune system will come ... and a bit of gas ...
 Believe it or not , these fiber tablets are actually pretty yummy ! Sometimes I eat them just because I crave the taste . Much better than dissolvable ones .
 I would recommend this product to anybody trying to stay regular . Especially pregnant women . I am about 3 months pregnant and was having troubles until I started taking this product regularly . Chew two a day and there are absolutely no worries . This product is consistent . It works through the system naturally so you do n't end up with bloating or gas . I just bought the supplements that include Calcium and Vitamin-D . I have no doubts that this will give me and my baby the stronger and healthier bones we need !
 These tablets are very good ; once you get in the habit of taking them , they will keep you regular . Tasty too .
 Fiber is SOOOOOO good for you , there are no negatives to higher fiber intake . Fiber Choice is the best chewable there is ! The flavor and texture are second to none . Do n't wait until you ` need ' fiber to start upping your fiber intake . There are so many benefits , and this is the easy way to get all the fiber you need .
 Yes , FIBER CHOICE tablets taste good . Yes , they work VERY WELL ! And , unlike BENEFIBRE chewables , they do NOT contain three different types of sugar-substitutes , the combination of which is untried and untested , and could lead to disastrous results , -LRB- cancer , anyone ? -RRB- Fiber Choice has two NATURAL , -LRB- as far as I know -RRB- sugars , -LRB- dextrose -RRB- , the same as is found , -LRB- together with sucralose -RRB- , in SPLENDA packets , and sorbitol . The flavour I have at present , -LRB- Assorted Fruit -RRB- , also contains inulin , -LRB- a natural vegetable fibre -RRB- , magnesium stearate , and natural flavours . Unfortunately it also contains artificial flavours , FD&C ; Red 40 Aluminum Lake , FD&C ; Blue 2 Aluminum Lake , FD&C ; Blue 1 Aluminum Lake , and FD&C ; Yellow 5 Aluminum Lake . Yikes ! Could one drown in , -LRB- or get cancer , or Alzheimer 's disease , from -RRB- all these `` aluminum lakes '' ? Anything is possible ... but since I do NOT intend to use this product forever ... just until I lose enough weight so I can excercise more -- I will continue to take this product until I do ! -LRB- And perhaps other varieties and flavours do n't have as many artificial ingredients ???? -RRB- FIBER CHOICE is not my only defense ! The old stand-bys , prunes and prune juice , still work so well ! Coffee , too , is great for contipation , -LRB- really ! -RRB- -- and decaffinated works as well as coffee with caffeine . So does any fruit or fruit drink , -LRB- I make LOTS of home-made lemonade with MINUTE MAID LEMON JUICE -RRB- . I also read , -LRB- on Amazon.com , in their health article of health tips from AOL subscribers -RRB- , that LIGHT KARO SYRUP , in WARM MILK , also helps . Hmmmm ... I love coffee with LOTS of milk ! Yep , LIGHT KARO SYRUP , in warm cafe latte , -LRB- swallowed down slowly , with two FIBRE CHOICE tablets -RRB- , does wonders!Anyone familiar with DUAL ACTION CLEANSE , -LRB- which undoubtedly is all-natural , and undoubtedly works very well ... but which is is also undoubtedly horrendously expensive ! -RRB- , and its TV commercials , is familar with the story of THOMAS PARR . He was born in 1485 , and lived for 152 years ! When he died , the King of England ordered an autopsy ... and found Mr. Parr 's colon to be clean as a whistle ! But -- four hundred years later , in presumably `` healthier '' times -- the autopsy of poor John Wayne showed just the opposite ! So -- even if one manages to escape heart disease , arthritis , cancer , Parkinson 's , Alzheimer 's , and other diseases usual to old age , here in the 21st century -- the clogging of one 's colonis still an ever-present danger . FIBER CHOICE is a delicious way to help fight this danger!I continue to look for healthy and natural ways to combat constipation . And FIBER CHOICE , -LRB- with twice as much fibre as BENEFIBER -RRB- , is a big part of my arsenel !
 Fiber Choice has been my choice for fiber supplements since my doctor recommended it 5 years ago . It 's easy to chew and tastes good . The sugar free variety fits with my diabetic control . A great product .
 Poop like a race Horse with Fiber Choice . These chewable Tablets are great and add plenty of good fiber to your diet.The Sugar Free assorted fruit flavors are great .
 I 'm a huge fan of these pills . I like good , strong bowel movements , and these pills really let the good times roll . Even if you get enough fiber in your normal diet , I recommend these pills . Like lighting a fuse on a poo firecracker !
 Fiber Choice has made a easy chewable fruit flavored vitiman all can enjoy and it 's 100 % sugar free . This product works naturally and sitimulates good health and a healthy digestive system , it really does . I recommend this to all human beings .
 These are great especially if you are one that does not eat a lot of fiber . No messy powders . Just pop two a day in your mouth and your set ! You ca n't beat the price for two bottles ! If you go to the store you will pay a lot more !
 I have used this product for years . It is great . It does what it is supposed to do , and has no sugar . Great for people counting carbs . Good way to get 0 carbs and high fiber all at the same time .
 If you are in need of fiber this is the best way to get your fiber needs since provides soluble fiber -LRB- for those who have no idea what this means it is a type of fiber that is found in fruits and vegetables and is the type that is easily digested , insoluble is found in breads and grains which is more difficult to digest so for those who neglected to take their fiber soluble is the best way to go -RRB- . The tablets taste fine , it 's like candy though do n't expect to be the best tasting candy , think of it as the best tasting supplement you 've taken so far . Also , it will leave your mouth on the dry side so make sure you drink water afterwards . Other than that this provides you with 4g per serving . Highly recommended for everyone since everyone needs fiber daily .
 Taste 's like candy . Occasionally will make you gassy . Will allow you to drop unbelieveable bombs , I never knew I had it in me ... WOW !
 These are a fine addition for quick easy fiber . However , two tablets provide 4 grams of fiber . Since it is recommended to eat 25-35 grams of fiber a day , I take a large glass of water with four spoons of Metamucil -LRB- powder -RRB- to provide the `` bulk '' of my daily dose . The Fiber Choice comes in handy when I go on vacation or any place else that lugging a large bottle of Metamucil is not an option . They also do taste very much like candy -LRB- sweet tarts -RRB- .
 This is a great fiber supplement !! When you chew it , it starts out kind of crunchy but quickly turns chewy kind of like a chewy sweet-tart . I usually keep a glass of water by even thou it says you do n't need water . They have a good flavor and yes I do use it as a substitute for candy every once in a while . Just remember too much of a good thing will give you gas :--RRB- so do n't be in a small elevator .
 These things are delicious . I have to be careful about not eating them like candy , actually .
 As a hermit living at 7500 feet , now surrounded by deep snow under really tall ponderosa , you 'd think looking good would n't be a priority.But every three weeks I reluctantly go down to Las Vegas for grub . I 've had the Clio Designs 3040 for months and it 's great . Easy to use , effective , superb engineering to match its slick exterior design ; no tangling or tugging , easy to clean and maintain , easy to control styling.I had a Black & Decker before ; its rechargeable battery was impossible to replace ; awful design . This Clio beaut of a trimmer reversesthe ` form follows function ' line ; its function follows its elegant form . I 've used it dozens of times and its battery still keeps it humminghappily at full speed.Now when down to Vegas I can flaunt my well-trimmed face and Vegas Visitors no moreback away in terror . I can even get into the Bellagio Buffet without Security being called . -LRB- Oh , every so often a wanna-be hermitress comes a-visiting . She uses the Clio and loves it too . And I love that . -RRB- rclarknv
 Excellent for trimming beards and mustaches . I really do n't know what else to say , although changing the battery is somewhat tricky the first time that you try it - at least it was for me .
 Alvita Licorice Root tea is the finest brand I 've found . Thyis one is pure licorice root without all the nasty additives -LRB- like black pepper -RRB- other brands mix with their tea . Thank you Alvita . As long as you keep selling it , I 'll keep buying it
 Is a good alternative to the Littmann brand stethoscope . I have used this product for just under a year and have had no problems with it and can hear things well . I also own one of their cardiac stethoscopes , have used it for over 10 years now , and also found it to be of high quality . I even returned it one time for the hose to be replaced -LRB- it was in a permanent U shape -RRB- . This was done free of charge other than shipping . I recommend this brand .
 This is the first time I ever used a stethoscope , so be forewarned that this is a review by a tyro . The ` scope is purchased for home-use and it seems fine for that purpose . Noises in the lungs can be heard fairly clearly , including congestion when it happens.The unit comes with one set of spare ear buds , so that is nice in case the originals ever get damaged . There is also a name tag that can be installed on front of the ` scope -LRB- at the triangle -RRB- - not a necessity for us , but I can see how this could be useful in a busy lab .
 After my first ADC pediatric stethoscope was recently lost or stolen I needed a new scope fast . I loved the last one so decided to replace it with another ADC . Not before I peeked at the Littmanns though ... $ 73-125 ?? Believe me , they are no better acoustically ! Paying extra -LRB- 2-4 times as much -RRB- just because they advertise on `` ER '' ? The only thing the other brand has going for it is a better color selection -LRB- but only on the peds model -RRB- and slighly more comfortable ear tips , although the Adsoft rubber tips are n't bad and I appreciate that it comes with extras . It arrived faster than I expected , too . All I ask is that if you need a good stethoscope buy your own ADC and leave mine alone !
 works as good as costlier products . Tubing is softer than litman 's . Ear pieces are comfortable.Shipping could have been faster esp . after having paid for faster shipping .
 I was really surprised by the quality of this stethoscope . I was looking for a second one to leave at my second job and it is at least as nice as my Littman , for a much better price . I really like the tubing better than my Littman which has gotten a little stiff over time . It 's a little heavier then the Littman , but it just makes it fees like more of a quality piece than cumbersome . Really recommended !
 This is a very high quality pediatric stethoscope . I use this every day at work and can compare it to other stethoscopes I have owned , including the `` gold standard '' Littmann pediatric stethoscope . The Adscope stethoscope provides the same high quality acoustic properties as the Littmann stethoscope and is very close to the same level of product quality for less than half the price . Is a true bargain and is now my standard stethoscope .
 Works as well as my Littman did , if not better , at a fraction of the cost .
 For the money and service , this stethoscope can not be beat . It compares to the Littman stethoscope equally . I read product reviews by other web shoppers before I purchase anything and this item was a home run for virtually everyone .
 This is cheaper and has better sound than my peds litman . The only this I do not like is it does not come with extra ear piecesAlso it should come in black for male RN 's
 I have always purchased the high end scopes having worked on Telemetry floors and now in the nursery . I am super-pleased with this scope , however . The quality is amazing and it even came with an attachable name tag and 2 sets of extra earpieces . Love , love , love it !
 I bought this as a cheap back up to my Pediatric Littman and I am SO impressed !!! I 've had it for 3 months now and have used it enough to confidently say it 's a great stethoscope . Honestly I think that if my Littman ever breaks I may just get one of these to replace it . Good acoustics , good weight , not cheap looking . Good buy . Thanks for all the good reviews - they were right on .
 I 'm a critical care RN , but needed a pediatric stethescope for Nurse Practitioner school , this is inexpensive , but with great sound quality .
 AwaSome products just wish they had caps on top to re use but they do n't so Howell they work !
 I bought these for my husband as an early valentines gift . When you 've been married for a while its important to keep the spark alive and he really enjoyed receiving these . I would recommend this assortment to anyone
 My wife love every favor because it gives her a chance to taste every Favor on me and i Love this product.Thank you .
 I bought this for my mom and step dad Along with some lingerie for Christmas as a funny gift !! They seem to love it , me and my husband stole the strawberry flavor . I did n't taste it we just used it as lube and it was great !!
 Love it smell good and a good Bit in Tube a make u more Hungry LOL I will buy more ill will put it out there more flavors than i thought Love it Love It Love it
 These are some of the tastiest , and more slippery lubricants I have tried . We will be buying more of these !
 Very enjoyable product . We like the variety . Nice that it comes in small , individual packaging . We would recommend to others .
 We used these for a party and everyone loved them . You ca n't beat the individual packaging and scents . The company was great to deal with . Highly recommend !
 Fun . Very much appreciate the fact that that they are in `` single servings '' , travel well . Will probably be ordering these again .
 The flavors are pretty good and there is quite a bit of lube in each little pack . My husband and I love them .
 I use these by myself , first time I got Strawberry , Chocolate , Banana , and Vanilla . I decided to get more . I 've only used the strawberry & chocolate . I would recommend just 2-5 little drops from a little packet is plenty for me . The strawberry is very strong , its not something you just want to lick off , if its mixed its better . The chocolate is good , just sugary by itself . I ca n't wait to try all of them ! Just from getting them , the orange and grape smell very strong . Do n't buy these thinking you can just lick it right off , actually use it and then you can lick it off .
 Bought them becuase they were cheap and was curious . My Fiance says , `` So far I really like them . Looking forward to getting more . '' You only need a little bit , it works well . He says the taste is similar to the natural taste .
 this product came right away and i split it up with a few friends and they loved it great for oral sex and good flavors
 Need some spice in your love life . This is it . Packaged very well . I could not find these in any store .
 I suprised my husband with an order of these . The ` flavors ' are not really flavors but still lots of fun .
 Used these as party favors . They are great little travel packs if you need one on the go . Had no issuses , got each flavor that is shown .
 With this item my GF finally gave me head , and she actually salivated more like I intended . This lube did the job flawlessly with the exception that it burned her vaginally . She has sensitive skin so the only use now is oral . The tastes are off at first , but as it mixes with your saliva it becomes better . It should be a three star in my case , but I know that if my GF was n't sensitive it would be 4 . Not disappointed with my purchase , but I still remain undecided as to whether or not to buy this product again . Will explore other natural lubes before buying again .
 it was amazing , love it and would buy it again made it feel soo good i love how it came in the assorted pack
 I used to eat Vanilla Almond bars for a long time and I obviously liked them , because I was n't sure if I was ready to try a combination of citrus lemon and chocolate . But when I made the jump , boy , I LOVE this one . I ordered 3 packets now , and that 's the only one I eat now ! Awesome taste , could n't believe it was a protein bar , and feels so light . You ca n't tell you 're having a meal . Amazing one more gem from Herbalife !! : - -RRB-
 I like it . I think it would be impossible to get this sort of thing perfect b/c at the end of the day you 're putting a strap around your head . I think this is probably more thin than most though . You have to really tighten the strap too to keep every bit of light out but im not too picky so I didnt have to tighten it all the way . Velcro is very strong and stays . I did find it bothersome when the strap was behind my ears so I just put it over my ears and problem solved . I didnt feel a bump lying on my back but again I 'm not very picky . I mostly sleep on my side as well .
 I have never used or had anything like these before but I love them . They are not perfect and sometimes let in a little light around the nose area . Also if you make them bigger by adjusting the velcro , it exposes velcro on the back and could catch on your sheets if you have sheets that catch . Mine do n't and are fine . All in all I like them , helps me stay in bed in the morning when the sun is up .
 I have tried many types and brands of sleep masks over the years , and have made a few of my own , too . Migraineurs often must have a dark , quiet place to rest , and a sleep mask is essential equipment . The Bucky 40 Blinks mask is by far the most comfortable mask I 've used . The mask is soft all over but structured , does not compress the eyelids , and the strap is adjustable so no pressure has to be around your head . I use it resting and sleeping , and -LRB- although not a restless sleeper -RRB- I never have a problem with it slipping or coming off.After reading some of the reviews here , I 'm surprised and left wondering what these folks are looking for . The reviewers who complain about the bump from the Velcro in the back being uncomfortable are apparently using a pretty firm pillow ! The Velcro has never bothered me . Also , I do n't have a pixie-size nose , by any means , and this mask is large enough to keep all light out , even in bright daylight . I honestly can not imagine anyone thinking this mask is uncomfortable , after some of the others I 've had.I own several of these masks and use them often , and have recommended them to many others . I hope I can continue to purchase them for years to come .
 Very cute eye mask for sleeping . I find that the tighter you make it the better the seal is around the nose . Just do n't make it so tight that you get a headache !
 Bucky 40 winks sleep mask is very light weight and comfortable . It is the best sleeping mask I have ever purchased . I can breathe comfortably and the mask stays in place when I sleep . I am so glad I purchased more than one . I highly recommend . After 6 months of use the fabric seperated from the bottom by your cheeks . This has n't diminished the comfort or quality of the sleep mask .
 I have been sensitive to light while sleeping since I was a child . I started using eye masks when I was 13 , but they always let light in around the nose and put pressure on my eyes which would cause migraines sometimes . Now that I sleep during the day , I had to find a perfect sleep mask to block out the sunlight that still manages to sneak its way through my thick dark window curtains . This mask is perfect , instead on pressing on the eyes , itcups over the eyes so sleeping feels more natural . There is padding around the edges so it is comfortable and no extra pressure on the face . It also fits well around my nose so light doesnt get sneak in around the nose . Overall it 's a great mask and I use it every day .
 I work nights , sleep days . The problem is , I can not sleep if there 's too much light . Blackout curtains help somewhat , but have never been completely satisfactory . This mask , however , completely solves the problem for me.The fit is good , with -LRB- in my case -RRB- no light leaking in . If your face is shaped differently than mine , your mileage may vary.For me , the adjustable velcro strap is comfortable . I never really notice it , which I suppose is the best thing you can say about any such strap.I 'll be buying at least one more as a spare .
 I bought this mask about two months ago and I was completely delighted with it ! First of all , it has a thin inner padding that makes it very comfortable . The open space allows you to blink , so your eyes wo n't get dry , and the back has a big adjustable velcro . Some reviewers have mentioned the thick velcro band can be uncomfortable if you sleep on your back , but I did not find that to be a problem with me.I 'd say it blocks about 99 % of the light , a little bit of light can sometimes leak near the nose , but you will only notice it if you try to look down . Otherwise , it does its job!Sadly a couple of days ago I noticed the inner black cloth is coming undone right in the middle nose area . I guess the glue wears off because of sweating and human heat . It would had been perfect had they used stitches . I will continue to wear it until it ca n't take it anymore , then I 'll probably order another one .
 I purchased this as a stocking stuffer this year for my husband . He has very long eyelashes and traditional sleep masks get irritating , not to mention that they feel a bit stuffy . This product is perfect . Very well made , durable and comfortable . There is enough room for you to actually open your eyes with the mask on . I suppose that is the whole reason they call it 40 blinks . There is an adjustable strap that is Velcro so be mindful that you do n't get it stuck in your hair . I would imagine that it would be slightly uncomfortable for people who sleep on their backs , as the Velcro may be irritating to your head . This should be no issue for side or stomach sleepers . Very nice product .
 This is my second Bucky mask . The first one I bought probably 4 years ago at a Whole Foods store . Just recently , the lining started separating from the printed fabric -LRB- this was with nightly use -RRB- , so I decided it was time for a replacement . My new Bucky mask is doing fine so far . Very comfortable and a good shape/fit to keep all light out . Highly recommended .
 I travel a lot.These help me sleep wherever I am - on a plane , in a hotel room or even back at home.Super comfortable compared to some other brands that have a nose bridge that covers your nose -LRB- but also let 's in light -RRB- . Apparently the raised design over the eyes allows for better REM sleep.Can ' t recommend them enough .
 I did n't think it was possible to make an eye mask that does n't let in light . I 've tried several , and decided it was n't worth it . But then I saw this at Bed , Bath and Beyond , and decided to try them on . Wow . They worked ! They actually worked ! The price was steep , so I got on Amazon and purchase here instead.They really do block light really well . They also feels comfortable over the eyes , it 's not like others I 've tried , where it feels like the reason it is dark is because the cloth rests on the eyelids . You can actually have your eyes open in these.Some reviewers have pointed out that these have Velcro in the back . This makes it uncomfortable to sleep on . I got mine for travel , and since I can not afford first class tickets on international flights , this is a moot point for me . I am also a side-sleeper , so again , even if I wore them to bed , it would n't be a problem , for _ me _ . But be aware of this if you intend to take them to bed and you sleep on your back . If you 're using them sitting in a seat on a plane or train or car or ship , you should n't have any problems .
 Got this as a gift back in July and use it a couple times a week . I 'm an insomniac by nature but this mask helps me fall asleep and more importantly , stay asleep longer.Mask - Bears a striking resemblance to a bra but for your face . The mask portion is concave , not flat ! Allowing about 1.5 '' of room between eye and fabric . It 's made of some sort of feltish material internally , slick fabric on the front , and dark slickish material lines the back -LRB- closest to eyes -RRB- . Attached on either side are approximately 8 '' elastic bands with a couple inches of velcro on the back make it adjustable . Comes in a variety of colors , mine 's navy.Sleeping - To fall asleep , I typically take a fistful of sleep aids , attempt to arrest my racing thoughts , and listen to Coltrane . I need things pitch black ; the Bucky aids in this by completely covering my eyes , preventing any bothersome light from creeping in . Strapping this mask on is a lot easier than burying my laptop underneath something , turning the alarm clock 's face away , adjusting the blinds just so , etc. . Mask + Meditation = sleep . I 'll usually wake up numerous times as light begins to stream in from the windows and the world starts about its business around my house - not so with the Bucky . Sleep continues uninterrupted until the rude alarm wrestles me from my dreams.Comfort - What is most endearing about the Bucky is its concave eye cup . I have long eyelashes , a lot of 'em . Other sleep masks tend to flatten or brush or mess with them so that I ca n't fall asleep with the distraction or painful irritation . I can rock this mask all night and have no problems to speak of . The straps do n't bother me , nor does the velcro . A couple of reviews mention problems with the velcro making a ball or something of the sort that 's uncomfortable to sleep on -LRB- lying on your back -RRB- . I do n't have this problem . My head is shaved - there 's no natural padding of hair between it and the velcro . One must have a pretty sensitive scalp to be bothered by this -LRB- I thought the fairy tale involved 40 mattresses ... -RRB- . OR , they 're strapping it to their heads far too tightly , making the velcro 'd area larger than usual -LRB- depending on head size -RRB- . I wear mine loosely , not able to fall out of place but with a little give to it . Experiment with it.Quality - The mask hugs my face rougly 3-5 times a week and has been doing so for 4 months . The lining is coming off of the back . I 'm surprised by this because of the gentle use but guess friction , cheap materials/manufacturing methods contribute . It 's the only downside to the mask but one that can be fixed very easily if you have a sewing machine and three minutes to spare.Bottomline - It 's a great product because it does what other similar products have failed to do - help me sleep ! It 's comfortable , extremely portable , easy to use , and cheap . Quality is a little iffy but you can fix any stitches at home or buy a new one every couple of months . Take it from an insomniac - buy one , it 'll help you sleep .
 I have occasional insomnia when I am stressed and I found a sleep mask helps . My first bucky sleep mask I found in Marshall 's for $ 4.99 and have been obsessed ever since . It feels like there is nothing on your face.As for other negative comments , I sleep on my side for the most part and have never noticed the bulky-ness of the Velcro . Also , as for the falling apart , when you are using something daily for an extended amount of time , it is going to wear out . I 'm onto my second one now and my first one is still usable it just looks a little wore out.Great product for cheap !
 Have used an eye mask for a few years . Found a Bucky 40 Blinks by accident and wore it out . Was very happy to find it online and able to order it from Amazon .
 Sleep is pretty much the holy grail , the slightest sound and I 'm wide awake . Ditto for any hint of light . Hotel rooms are nightmares with all their stupid LEDs , clocks , smoke alarms , TV power indicators , not to mention the power lights for all my idevices . There have been many multi-day business trips where I 've gotten zero sleep . I 've tried other sleep masks , but the weight of it on the face and how the eyelashes would hit the material when you opened your eyes made it impossible to sleep with them on . I had taken to carrying tape and small pieces of heavy material that I used to cover up the lights for those items that could n't be unplugged , and clothespins to hold the drapes together to prevent that line of light from creeping in . I have now taken those items out of my travel kit . This mask is amazing - very light weight and molded so that you can open your eyes with it on and not bump into it . I barely notice it is there , and is comfortable enough that I do n't push it off part way through the night . It blocks out light well enough that it does n't disturb me . I even managed to fall asleep in a hotel room last week without realizing I had left the lamp next to the bed on , which was a first . I 've also managed to sleep on a plane during the day time , which is another first . I now have two of these , one for home , and one in the travel kit.There are two problems other reviewers have noticed , the first is the thick velcro strap that is used to hold the mask on . Where the straps from each side overlap in the back forms a thick lump . It is big enough to be noticeable . If you sleep on your side , or if you are using the mask on a plane sitting up , you probably wo n't notice it . You will definitely notice it lying flat on your back in bed . I manage this by angling it downwards to where my solution to the noise problem sits -LRB- AcousticSheep SP4BM SleepPhones v. 4 - Earset - Retail Packaging - Black -RRB- . It 's about the same thickness as that band , so it is ignorable . The other issue is that the material does n't completely conform to the face by the nostrils . I 'm not sure I understand why , but for some reason , any light let in there , which is extremely small amount , does n't bother me . In summary , I love this mask.In case people are interested in my current sleep solution , I 'll just take a moment to cover it here.I did n't purchase my Sleep Phones -LRB- linked above -RRB- through Amazon , but , presumably they are the same ones . They are , for the most part , very comfortable . The headband is soft and the speakers are pretty flat . I sleep on my back , so they do n't bother me . However , the few times I 've laid on my side , they have been noticeable - not terrible , but definitely there . The cord is reasonably long so the device you plug it into does n't have to be right by your head , but if you toss a lot , you can become tangled in it , and I have , on occasion , managed to pull the jack out of my ipad . It would be really nice if it was cordless - maybe bluetooth enabled or something . I have two of these headbands , one at home , and one in my travel kit.The final piece I 've worked out for my sleeping solution is the app used to cover up noise - Relax Melodies Oriental Premium HD -LRB- they also have one called Relax Melodies Premium HD that offers similar capabilities -RRB- . I love this app because it allows you to mix any of the sounds they have at any level -LRB- from very soft to very loud -RRB- , and you can save different mixes for different activities . It also has a few binaural beats that you can add in . My sleep mix has storm waves , thunderstorm , water stream , rain on roof , fire roaring , tropical rain , and a binaural beat - weird I know , but it works for me . The only issues with this app is that it is n't available for the iphone , and it is a memory hog - possibly why it is n't available for the iphone . It means that I sleep with my ipad on the bed , which is n't an ideal solution , but it is worth it.Between this mask , the sleep phones , and the Relax Melodies , for first time since I was 14 , I 'm sleeping through the night -LRB- except when the dry air gets to me - wish I could find a good , reliable solution for that -RRB- .
 I have used my mask every night for 21/2 years and the only sign of wear is the strap has stretched out a little , though it still has quite a bit of adjustment remaining . Except for a little space around the nose , which is pretty easily adjusted , absolutely no light gets through . I 'm a side sleeper so I have n't notice the thickness issue with the headband that other report .
 I had purchased the Bucky forty blinks mask for myself 6 months ago and loved it so much I bought this one for my husband . The mask is so light and comfortable . The mask does move a bit when sleeping because I have a small head and the mask does not really adjust small enough to fit secure -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- . Also if the room is bright -LRB- or you are in a car -RRB- there is a very very small amount of light that comes in from the bottom of the mask , but this is not a significant amount that prevents me from sleeping . Although it makes me look like a bug , I still wear the mask in long car trips when traveling because it works so well and is easy to stash .
 The mask works perfectly . Really blocks out light . The strap is pretty comfortable and the mask feels good on the face.The best part is the mask does n't touch your eyes if that kinda thing freaks you out.The worst part is it looks like a padded bra for your head ... if that kinda thing freaks you out . If your into that kind of thing thats good for you ... but you freak me out .
 I love these things ! I got a pair for Christmas and they have made my insomnia cut down by simply knowing it does n't matter how light it gets in my bedroom as I 'm still blacked out.I just bought another pair !
 Of all the eye masks I 've tried , this one is by far my favorite . I love that the mask does n't touch my eyelids , and I only have VERY minimal light leaks . My hair does get stuck in the velcro closure at the back , but I have a large head , so I find that most other eye masks are too tight . I 'll sacrifice a few pulled hairs for something that fits properly . I 'm on my second Bucky mask because I accidentally washed the first one with my sheets and the backing came off of the mask . They 're delicate and should probably only be hand washed . I 'm completely satisfied with this mask and doubt I 'll ever have a desire to try another style or brand .
 This was my third purchase of this item . The mask is super soft , comfortable and roomy for you eyes , unlike many others that are uncomfortably tight and flat . You do n't even feel like you are wearing a mask.Mine lasted for two years without any damage or fraying.I highly recommend this item and will not hesitate to reorder when needed . I love the convenience of being able to purchase it on Amazon because I could not find a product this good in any store .
 I 'm an eye mask addict & I 've turned all of my friends onto them - i 'm obsessed ! Each one is a little different & each has something that bugs me just a little from time to time . Sometimes I want a gentle pressure on my eyelids - in those times , this mask would not be my `` go-to '' . Your eyes can open and close freely in this mask - so , if that 's what you want , there you go :-RRB- The only actual complaint I have with this mask is that sometimes the strap is a little uncomfortable - but like some other reviewers said , this is probably a great strap for sleeping while sitting in a car , plane or train , b/c the strap is nice and sturdy . One other tiny complaint is probably unique to just me ... sometimes the skin on my cheeks feels very slightly irritated by the material - my skin is sensitive , so i 'm guessing this is n't a real problem ... more an `` MP '' than a `` YP '' ; -RRB-
 Some reviewers mention light coming in around the nose -LRB- something I have n't experienced -RRB- and pressure on the back of their heads from the thick velcro -LRB- something I have n't noticed -RRB- . I 'm worn my Bucky Blinks on every flight , many camping trips , and several weeks of mornings -LRB- between old and new blinds -RRB- , and found them perfectly comfortable , light , unobtrusive , darkening , fresh ... Others made my eyes or face sweat , pressed against my eyelids , scraped against my ears ... these are perfect in every way!But if you 've got a larger-than-average proboscis , or a highly sensitive head , you may need to darken your space in other ways .
 I have been using 40blink masks for about 8 years . I used them all through college and then at my apartment . I even got my parents a set -LRB- Mom is tiny and Dad is 6 ' 4 '' and has a huge head -RRB- . I have had a few die from using Benzo-peroxide products but that stuff eats through fabrics . After the first few nights the elastic loosens so it 's not too tight and is also softens so it doens ' t hurt my ears . After awhile they do loose their shape but it took mine about 1 year of constant use for this to happen . I am very satisfied with this product and I 'll continue to buy them in the future .
 I can not sleep without my 40 blinks eye mask ! They are the best eye masks I 've found . They do n't break off your eyelashes , they do n't move around too much , and they really do block out light . This one was invaluable to me when my mother was in ICU for a week , I was able to sleep in the waiting rooms without trouble . I also love it when I have a migraine , as any little stray light beam feels like a knife stab . I highly recommend this product !
 I bought these and have n't slept one night with out them on cause I love em . They do loosen a little bit after a while but not enough to really matter . Bottom line I say buy them
 I 've had it now for 3 nights , and like it very much ... . blocks out ight very well and has been comfortable through the night . I do wonder what the difference is between this and the other Bucky eye mask , other than a shape difference .
 This was exactly what I was hoping to get when I purchased the product . I use the mask very often and I would recommend it to anyone .
 This fits pretty well over the nose and eyes , but could be a little more pliable / flexible . It helps me sleep by doing what it 's supposed to do
 Slept like a baby on the plane . This sweet mask and a neck pillow made for a pleasant journey .
 Good , comfortable product . I purchased it since my husband has to have the fan running at night -LRB- on super high -RRB- and it drys out my eyes . I have used many masks before but I feel that because they were flat on my eyelids , it did n't give my eyelids a chance to do what they need to do to keep my eyes moist during the night . This one works well because I use it when the lights are already off and it allows my eyelids to breath while keeping the air flow from coming in direct contact with them.If you are purchasing this and do not want ANY light in then be careful . Note
 After using the soft padded sleep masks from Earth Therapeutics for many years and being somewhat dissatisfied with them , I decided to give these foam masks a try . The one thing thing I disliked about the soft ones is that while they were comfortable , they pressed against my eyes too much . When I got up in the morning , my formerly long eyelashes were curled back inwards . I hated that . With these foam masks , it 's made so that the mask blocks out light , but does n't put any pressure on my eyes . The reason that I 've given this mask 4 instead of 5 stars is that it can be hot sometimes b/c of the material it 's made from . Overall , it 's an excellent purchase for troubled sleepers like me .
 i like how it 's very lite and it has the space where you can open your eyes and not hit the mask . . works well .
 overall this is a great mask . the fabric is very good quality ; it 's quite comforable . it does a good job of keeping the light out . i have a big nose and i feel that the nose indentation could be a bit more accommodating to make it a completely perfect fit . that said , no one mask fits all types of faces perfectly and this one comes close .
 The only eye mask I can actually fall asleep while wearing . This mask is light as a feather , and unlike most masks it does n't press down on your eyelids . I find it to be very comfortable , and it is very efficient at blocking out light completely . I have used this both while traveling and when sleeping in my bed , and it works great every time . It stays comfortably on my eyes throughout the night -LRB- no slipping or bunching -RRB- . I ca n't even feel it on my face!Like all sleep masks , this one is not absolutely perfect . A tiny bit of light can sneak in through the gaps near your nose . However , this was never enough of a problem to wake me up or disturb my sleep in any way . For the excellent price , this is the best mask there is . I 'll never try another one .
 I have been using a sleep mask for several years . I 'm about to purchase my second mask for myself and my husband . After constant taunting , a day home sick wearing my sleep mask was all it took for him to become a believer ! We ca n't sleep without our masks now ! This mask provides extra area around your eyes so you do n't feel uncomfortable about having something over your eyes . You 'll be obsessed in no time with this wonderful product !
 After having extensively researched these online , I was eager to try it out
 I bought this mask for my business traveling husband . The mask was a little bigger than I had expected -LRB- it makes him look like a bug ! -RRB- , but he says that it has been comfortable and only lets in a little bit of light at the nose .
 There a a few things that me and my wife like about these.First , when I bought them I was glad to have so many choices of colors and patterns . I actually found something that matched our bedspread . So if they 're just lying out , it blends in with the room and does n't make it look messy . And she 's just likes that it matches.More importantly , the fit is great . With the adjustable velcro strap , she 's able to get just the right tightness where it 'll block out the light and stay on , but not so tight is keeps her from sleeping comfortably . On top of that , they 're sleak ... not bulky . So lying on her side or stomach is still comfortable.So we highly recommend these .
 This product probably does n't need another five-star review , but it deserves one . I do a lot of long-haul flights to Europe and Asia . I typically carry a cheap-o sleep mask -LRB- the kind the airlines used to give out for free -RRB- in case the person next to me wants to keep a reading light on or open a window onto daylight when my body says it 's still night . The cheap masks do n't work well , but they 're better than nothing.Then , on a recent flight from India , I saw a passenger wearing one of these masks . When I got home I ordered one . The difference between this mask and a cheap one is amazing . The mask is super soft , and the foam bulges out over your eyes , so you do n't feel the subtle pressure of a cheap mask . The seal around my eyes is fantastic -- even in a sunny airplane cabin , the mask blocks out all the light . The mask is very light weight -- it adds about as much weight to my carry-on as a toothbrush.The headband is a bit thick , as at least one other reviewer has noted . However I prefer it to the thin bands common on other masks . My experience is that thinner bands slip while I 'm sleeping , and the mask slips out of position . I also like the easy adjustability of the velcro band . It 's not perfect , but it 's better than the other designs I 've tried.In a nutshell , this mask is worth its weight in gold for long-haul flights . At only twelve dollars , it 's a no brainer . I wish these had been invented years ago . I wo n't get on a long flight without it now .
 I work the midnight shift and needed something to help me sleep during the day . Mask fit comfortably and stayed on with no trouble . No sweating or pressure on the eyes and face . Great product !
 Got it for my wife and she appears to have no issues with it . Some light tends to leak in by the bridge of her nose when she sleeps on her side , but I do n't see any mask at this price alleviating this concern . I would buy it again .
 This is the best mask I have ever used because it does not touch my eyes or puts any kind of pressure on my face . Is great for anyone who works night shift and needs to sleep during the daytime . Can highly recommend it .
 I 've been using the sleep masks you get on planes , which do n't last . I bought this a couple of months ago and like it so much that I am immediately replacing one I have misplaced.It was a little stiff the first night , and it took a day or two before I figured out the best way to adjust the velcro -LRB- and , I think , for the fabric to mold -RRB- but then it was just perfect.I highly recommend !
 I am so happy with this mask ! It is incredibly soft and conforms to my face as soon as I put it on . I never used a sleep mask before , but I just moved into a loft apartment where the rooftop windows in the bedroom let the sun peek in as soon as it rises , and the blinds only do so much . I can now sleep in peace knowing that I wo n't get awoken any earlier than I already have to get up!My only concern is the placement of the straps on my head . I have been playing around with where they lay for the past few nights , and it seems like a learning process to find the right spot -LRB- above the ears ? over the ears ? under a ponytail ? -RRB- . Once I figure it out I am sure it will be even better than it already is ! : o -RRB-
 this product works wonders you can easily wear in the middle of the day , in lightest place possible and not see a bit of light .
 My husband and I have different sleep schedules and different work schedules . I have always had a need for an eye mask that blocks out light , comfortably . This mask is as close to perfect as I can find . I still get a tiny bit of light seeping in , if I 'm laying on my side . I find this mask very comfortable and can end up sleeping all night with it on without even noticing !
 Simply great!The best mask ever.Is very light and perfectly fitted to you eyes . Total darkness.Very happy with it .
 This sleep mask is very comfortable and would be perfect for travel , when you 're sleeping in an upright position . However , there are a couple things that make this less than perfect :1 . The velcro attached to the straps is thick . This creates a bump -LRB- 1/8 '' or so -RRB- on the back of your head that makes sleeping on your back unlikely . There really is n't a good position in which to place the strap to make this more comfortable . However , sleeping on your side is perfectly comfortable .2 . On my face , light leaks in on either side of the nostrils . If only there was an extra bit of fabric to gently close off that gap without putting pressure on the nostrils , this mask would be greatly improved.Both of the above cons are minimized if you are using these on a train or plane , which is probably the intended use of this mask anyway . I just wanted to point them out in case you intend to use them in bed .
 I love my bucky 40 blinks eye mask . I rode to Florida from Missouri and took long naps with my face mask . It blocks out all the light and lets you zone out , nap and relax . The mask is so soft and comfortable with the bulging eye pockets , letting you blink . I would recommend this to everyone .
 In Dusseldorf once I bought a German-made eye-mask that was the last word in eye-mask technology . It was darned expensive , but after having used it for years I wish I had n't bought three or four more.This one , the Bucky `` 40 Blinks Mask '' is probably the best I 've seen for sale domestically . There are no plastic buckles in the back
 I have had dozens of eye masks over the years . They were either too tight , too loose , not dark enough or left dents in my face . THIS ONE IS PERFECT . VERY LIGHT and NO DENT MARKS EVEN OVERNIGHT .
 After 3 nites of little or no sleep due to lightning storms -LRB- this is the downside to a house with a lot of windows out on the prairie -RRB- , I got online to find a sleep mask ! The reviews on this one were good so I gave it a try . I was looking for non-bulky & cupped so my long eyelashes would n't rub & feel all smushed . Plus it needed to be adjustable to fit my big ol' noggin -LRB- I 'm a woman that wears a 7.5 size hat -RRB- . FOUND IT ! The test for darkness control came the nite after receiving my mask in that there was weather forecast of another lightning storm during the nite . Popped on my mask , ahhh sweet darkness ! Slept like a log . I had to ask if there WAS a storm even ... yes there was . Then just 2 days later , I came home from work with a migraine . Took my meds , popped on my mask , & crawled into bed . Woke up a couple hours later all refreshed . I 'm sayin ' ... I LOVE this mask !
 I have tried various masks over the years , and this is the best one I 've ever owned . It does a great job keeping the light out , and I can barely feel it on my face ... and what I do feel is very soft and comfortable . The elastic is neither too thick nor too thin , and connects in back with Velco , so it 's adjustable . I often use it at home , and always bring it with me when I travel ; somehow the hotel curtains NEVER close all the way .
 This mask is super comfortable . So lightweight that I 've forgotten I 'm wearing it . It does leak a tiny bit of light around the nose , however , I just pull it down slightly and it 's fine by me . Extremely happy with this purchase .
 I am a back sleeper and a side sleeper and this is great for both positions . So light . Does the job perfectly ! Very comfortable and the strap in the back is not bothersome while sleeping on my back -LRB- I can feel it but hardly notice it . -RRB- I 've used this every night for about 5 months . Highly recommend this mask !
 I like this mask . It 's comfortable and does a good job of keeping the light out . The only thing I do n't like it is Velcro strap . There is a little bump where the two pieces connect , so it can be a problem is you 're sleeping on your back . And like all Velcro , it picks up little things and can be tough to keep clean . Not anything dangerous , but just little pieces of dirt or a loose thread off the bed.Overall , a great product though . Helpful for getting into a deep sleep .
 Its comfortable , stays on , and blocks the light . Its lined in black so the exterior color does n't really matter . 5 stars !
 He says it keeps light out better than any brand he has tried . Not prefumed , and snugg around his nose . Great gift for a picky guy .
 Retains its shape and stays on , while still blocking light . Well priced and definitely a keeper .
 We have a baby who -LRB- like many babies -RRB- gets up once or twice in the night . I nurse her , and this used to be hard on the Mister . As I work from home on a flexible schedule , I can sleep in or nap with our daughter , but he ca n't do as he has to drive to work . He had the idea of using a sleep mask . When I 'd wake him , he 'd sometimes stay up and keep me up , too.I did a little research , and we decided to give this a shot . It 's been nearly a week , and we are all very happy with it . My husband is well rested , and I do n't worry about waking him up by turning on the night light to nurse our daughter . He said the mask is super comfortable -LRB- something we were concerned with as he has a larger head -RRB- . I tried it out -LRB- I 'm small -RRB- and it is very adjustable and comfortable on me , too ... so head size should n't matter . The only issue is there is a tiny bit of light that comes in around the nose for my husband , but he says it 's very minimal and does not effect his sleep . It 's very nice and dark . Thank you for giving us good sleep !
 This is a great product . I highly recommend it to anyone that has trouble sleeping from any source of light intrusion , whether it be daylight or a nitelight . I saw it in a Money magazine article that suggested it for frequent fliers . I would also say to anyone living in Alaska , it would be very handy to have in your nightstand.Bucky 40 Blinks Mask Ultralight Eye Mask
 I really like this sleep-mask . It 's fun and funky and versatile . I love the velcro strap , especially since I have a rather small head . It 's shape is good for blocking out light without putting pressure on the eyeballs and I can see myself wearing this on a plane - with make-up on and not having any issues .
 I was not only looking for something to block out the light but something to help my dry eyes from drying out even more during the night . I ca n't believe how helpful this is . The eye cups allow plenty of room to blink , stays on easily , sometimes slips a bit but it 's a sure winner in my books !
 I have been using a sleep mask for years on and off . I always wanted one where I could open my eyes and this one works . I really like it and would recommend it .
 This product is excellent . It quite literally feels like a bra for your eyes . I ordered it because I need to sleep during the day and ca n't put blackout curtains up in my apartment . This does a great job of blocking out the light . I am a side sleeper so when I put my head on the pillow the mask moves a little and light gets through where it meets my nose , but with a little pulling and repositioning of the mask it completely covers my eyes . The part that covers your eyes does not touch your eyelids so no rubbing or uncomfortableness there . The mask is secured to your head by Velcro which is stretchy and does n't cut off the circulation . Great product , would definitely purchase again .
 Blocks light well , weighs almost nothing , and there is no pressure due to the molded shape . Should you be unlucky and receive a defective mask , Bucky will replace the mask without a hassle . Overall , I am very impressed with the mask and Bucky .
 Aside from the fact that it looks like a bra , it works really well . The other day I was sleeping while giant flames engulfed my window . I did n't even notice it , this mask blocks everything out . I wish it came in other colors , though .
 Love this eye mask . Its really comfortable without you getting sweaty . I purchased 2 ! The material is very soft and not scratchy and the black out interior works very well .
 But works oh so well . Who is going to notice if it looks goofy since the only time you will be using it is when you want to sleep ? It does the job of killing most of the light to your eye 's and does n't feel hot or push against your eyes .
 I would have given this a 4.5 stars but since I ca n't I opted for a 5 star review . It 's very comfortable . the material is breathable . It blocks light well , but not perfectly . I can not sleep without one . I have gone through about 4 in three years . They last a long time . I really do wear it every night . I wish it was a little thicker so the eye pockets could be deeper and that the nose cut out was a little higher . Otherwise it 's a great product that I really can not live without .
 I had a similar sleep mask before this one . I still love the shape . The molded eye cups are so helpful . WIth other sleep masks my eyes would get irritated but never with this one since there 's room for my eyes to blink and breathe even while blocking out the light . I also really really like the pattern . It seems silly but it really does help me keep track of it better .
 This eye mask is awesome if you want some room between your eyes and the mask . That was always my pet peeve with other sleep masks . It also acts like `` goggles '' so your eye is enclosed and light does n't seep through . It 's a perfect fit for my face , but I see from other reviews that it does n't work for everyone . I have a thin and narrow face with high cheekbones if that helps.My only gripe is that after a year -LRB- I know , a year is a long time -RRB- , the bottom of the inner liner is peeling away from the outer part of the mask . I think elmer 's glue would hold it in place when I decide I must fix it . For now , it does n't affect the performance or comfort of the mask.I highly recommend this one . I 've tried the other bucky masks and the flat type of masks and this one is FAR superior in comfort and light-blocking ! WARNING
 I have purchased this product to block out the light so I can sleep . I have been using it for sometime now . The mask blocks out the light close to 100 percent . The only thing I have some discomfort is at the joining of the two straps behind my head . I do pull down the strap behind my head as far as my comfort allows . I would buy a ` one strap ' mask like this one in a blink of an one . With that said , I will continue to wear the Bucky 40 Blinks Mask for a long , long time . Thank you in providing this product so I can sleep longer and wake up feeling charged .
 I bought these because of a shift change and needed to hit the hay early . Love them ! Blocks out all light , easy to wear and do n't find them thrown on the floor in the morning .
 This mask looks like a cute little piece of lingerie !! Its soft and has a foam or other soft filling that keeps it from pressing against your eyeballs while you sleep . Used it on a trip in the car once and it worked great !! I need total blackout to sleep well and this did the trick !!! I plan to order more as Christmas gifts -- now if they sold matching pjs ...
 This sleep mask is very comfortable . Ive use sleep masks before with the nose cover on them and did n't care for them . This one fits perfectly after you adjust it and keeps all of the light out .
 I bought this eye mask for travel and it could not be more perfect ! Wish I had one sooner . It blocks out the light and is not tight on the face at all . The eye pockets allow you to blink and do n't smash your eyes . The material is very soft and cushiony . I swear , with this and a pair of ear plugs , I could sleep anywhere ! Highly recommend this product . -LRB- I just bought another one for back-up -RRB- .
 A very well designed and produced eye mask . Even the plastic `` envelope '' in which it came has hints on how to use and care for it .
 This night shade really eliminates any light around the edges . It has moulded elevated eye sockets so you can open your eyes easily while remaining shaded.It is light and adjustable . I would recommend it .
 Update
 I 've been using eye masks for sleep for about 10-15 years , and been using the Bucky eye masks for the last 3 or 4 years , starting with their version of this item that covered the nose entirely . That piece was annoying , as it tickled your nose , so I just cut it out . Then I saw this version with the open nose , so I bought two more.Great product I thought . And it is , except the inner layer de-laminated from the neoprene foam after about 2 months of nightly use . The older masks where I cut out the nose part have held together after nearly 3 years of nightly use . The thin fabric that de-laminated became so annoying one night as it tickled my face that I just ripped it out . Unfortunately , the inner layer is sewn to the outer layer and when I pulled the inner layer off in the dark , it ruined the mask . Maybe I just got a bad one that was badly fused or glued . My wife 's mask which I purchased at the same time is still good . I got the aqua blue one and she got the green floral pattern one.The neoprene masks have a cup shape that keeps it off your eyes . This is a nice feature . The instructions say you can place moistened cotton pads under the mask if you have a problem with dry eyes . Not sure if this is good for the longevity of the lamination . Also , the cupped shape will begin to get flatter after you wash it a few times , which is a reason for my purchasing a new one.Some reviewers have mentioned that the velcro strap is too bulky to be comfortable while sleeping face up . This is true , but I did become used to this after a while . Maybe a thinner velcro would do the trick . Also , the elasticity of the strap will become weak and stretched after a year or so , which is another reason for purchasing a new one . I guess if this mask was made to last a long time , the company would n't make as much money.As with all eye masks , it will slip a little while sleeping and let in light . This seems to occur around the nose area mostly . I do n't mind realigning the mask from time to time . I also keep the blinds and curtains closed to keep the room dark , so it 's not that bad when it does slip.Yes , there are issues with this product , but it 's the best eye mask I 've found . I will be purchasing a new one after typing this out .
 As a long time user of sleep masks to shut out light , I was looking for a lighter product for the upcoming warmer months . I tried this mask and I am so pleased with the product!It is much lighter yet it is still effective in shutting out annoying light . I actually purchased a second pair for my brother who is also sensitive to light when sleeping . This is an effective sleep aid . I highly recommend it .
 This is a good mask for blocking out the light when you 're trying to sleep . It has foam rubber cups so the mask does n't sit directly on your eyelids . There is a smooth fabric that goes against your skin.When you ca n't sleep because of the light , there 's no need to disturb the sleep of the dead ! Buy this sleepmask , and leave the voodoo doctor alone !
 I 've been using this eye mask for 9 months and have slept better than I ever had in the past . My eyes are very sensitive to light and any amount of light makes it impossible for me to sleep deeply . After much research , I decided on the Bucky 40 Blinks for price and design . The concave eye cup design makes this eye mask more comfortable than the traditional eye mask . Apparently , when traditional eye masks touch your eyelids , it can interfere with REM sleep cycle . I believe this to be true because of my quality of sleep . I do not find the velcro strap interfering with comfort or sleep . My fiance and I have not had any problems with light leakage around the nose area . We do have to adjust it a bit to create a tighter light seal . My problem with the Bucky is that the inner fabric separates after awhile . This defeats the purpose of the concave design . I bought 2 eye masks -- a green and a black . The green has held up well . Not sure if the fabric is different but I did store it differently . Keeping it in the original plastic case prevented bending of the eye mask , which I think is the reason that the inner fabric separates . We were n't as careful with the black one . Nonetheless , it is much cheaper than other concave design eye masks . I love it so much that I bought 5 more as gifts . They all rave about it .
 I am very happy with the Bucky 40 Blinks Ultralight Eye Mask . I use it every night , because the blinds in my room let in some light from streetlights , and the bright lights some people have on in their yards at night . It is so much better than the sleep masks I have tried in the past ! It keeps out all light , even when I lie on my side . I like the velcro strap , too , because I do not have the smallest head , so most elastic straps get stretched out very quickly . It 's very comfortable ; thank you to everyone who wrote reviews ! You were right !
 When I bought them I was hesitant and afraid they would be uncomfortable , but I absolutely love them , they are soft and comfortable . I sleep on my side but they comform to your face so that you ca n't even feel them while the light if blocked out ! I am thinking of buying a second pair . I love them!Update
 I love this sleep mask . I 've had the brown one for a few years and wanted a change so I ordered the `` waves '' pattern . It blocks out all the light and I like that I can blink when I 'm wearing it . It 's super light so you do n't even notice wearing it . I 've also given this mask as a gift to several people and they love it as well .
 I have owned and used other eye masks but this configuration appealed to me because in was less bulky and lighter than what I have used . The outward curve over the eyes is great - no pressure on the eye lid / eye ball at all . And the light weight material and the smaller shape compared to other quilted eye masks , makes it cooler on the face . I would wake up sweating with the quilted eye masks and that is what appealed to me about this one - it covered less of the face and forehead . Anyone who is interested in an eye mask for home or traveling - this is the one to get!Bucky 40 Blinks Mask - Ultralight Eye Mask - Nouveau
 This is my only experience with a sleep mask and I bought it to help me to sleep after day break . No mask can fit everyone 's face perfectly . In my case , I have to wear it a little high on the bridge of my nose to keep it from impacting my breathing . This position lets light in between my eyes - not much , but enough to matter . The mask is comfortable if worn loosely , but this wo n't work if you toss-and-turn a lot . The material is soft and comfortable , but I did n't use it enough to judge durability . I was impressed that the raised area works so that your lashes do n't brush if you blink . I guess it works OK , but I 've gone back to putting a small towel over my eyes when the sun wakes me .
 These things block light no problem , and are very comfortable . My only issue is they get pushed aside by my pillow .
 My favorite is not carried by Amazon or sold in Brookstone anymore
 Very comfortable on my face block out almost all the light , but somtimes tend to slide off when I move around .
 This is the most amazing product ! If you need a good nights sleep or a little nap , this is the product for you . It so relaxing to put on and keeps you in the dark so that you can get that must deserved rest . Everyone should have Bucky !
 LOVE , Love , this product , works very well and I have bought 5 total , 4 for other people and they love their 's also . This really does work to keep out the light so you can get a good nights sleep .
 I ordered these for myself and my husband . We both love them ! They fit and feel great . I am ordering a second one for my husband for when he deploys to Afghanistan because he loves it so much . They will be great for travel too ! I love that it does n't put any pressure on my eyes .
 This mask is very easy to wear . The way it is made allows you to `` blink '' even while wearing it . No pressure on your eyes . My hubby watches tv with the sound off . The light bothers me and prevents me from falling asleep . This mask works perfectly to block the flickering light , allowing me to snooze .
 Let me start by saying this is my preferred travel eye mask . It 's thin , lightweight , and does n't look as awkward as some of the other masks I own . It 's pretty good at keeping the light out without putting pressure on your eyes . However , it does tend to leak _ some _ light in around the nose piece . This is exacerbated when you are lying on your side since you tend to deform the molded contours such that the gap gets bigger.If you want a travel mask or can live with a little light leak , I 'd recommend this . Otherwise , get the Tempur-Pedic Sleep Mask . The only down side is that you have to clean it somewhat frequently -LRB- it picks up facial oils easily -RRB- and you 'll look pretty dumb wearing it -LRB- if you care since you 're already wearing an eye mask -RRB- . Other than that , one of the best purchases I 've made .
 This mask lets you sleep through anything . I work odd hours and somethimes need to sleep during the day , this item makes it very easy !
 This is a comfortable sleep mask that keeps out the light , and I usually sleep through the middle of the day . The only downside is that a LITTLE light gets in around the nose -LRB- not enough to see through eyelids -RRB- and it sits a little snugly on the nose . I imagine that could be solved with trimming the fabric , since noses have different shapes and all .
 This was a great purchase for my trip . I used it on the plane as well as in the hotel room when there was too much light or my roomie had the lights on . You kind of look like a pink eyed bug since they are a little big . Plenty of room to move your eyes , fun pattern , adjustable head band .
 My husband never thought blocking out the light made such a difference , but now he knows it does . He falls asleep faster and sleeps better with the mask on , even during the day . He says its the best investment I ever made .
 This is a great mask , the velcro strap is thick enough to hold the mask on all day -LRB- I work nights -RRB- but not bulky . I move alot in my sleep and roll side to side , in the week I have had this mask it has not come off once . There is a tiny amount of light seepage around the nose , but adjusts fairly easy for complete blockage and the tiny bit does not disturb me . The eye `` pockets '' are great because I can blink without my eyes touching the mask and it does not feel confining to me . I hope the mask continues to be this great for a long time !
 got it for my boyfriend who would be sleeping during the day due to his job . He had one before from Sharper Image and he thought this was just as good . Liked how it did n't squash his eye lashes .
 I first bought the Dream Essentials sleep mask , which did not work for me . I returned that and purchased this mask and found it to be much better . Some light is still let in , but to me the purpose of the mask is n't to put myself in total darkness , but rather not to let light bother me when I 'm asleep . And this mask does that well . The eye sockets are deep enough if the mask is on the right position . Too high or too low and your eyelids may touch , but right in the middle is perfect .
 My favorite part is that I can open my eyes and not know that they are open because it is so black . The mask does n't press against my eyes , which is wonderful . Someone mentioned a gap in the nose , but I do n't have that problem . The velcro did get stuck in my hair a few times and it is n't very side-sleeper friendly . Because the mask does bulge out at the eye sockets , it gets pressed to the side if you sleep on your side . I do like that the length is adjustable so you can tighten it to stay on better . Definitely recommend . : -RRB-
 Used this sleep mask on a long trip to Europe and it helped me fall asleep in even a fully-lit room . It is truly lightweight , and does n't have an uncomfortable roll across the lower half like some masks do . If you roll over , it does n't dig into your face . One of those items that does what it claims to .
 Well , I have to say I was skeptical in ordering this . I read many reviews and decided to try it . I recently started working evening and night shifts and knew trying to sleep into the late morning would be a problem . I have to say since I got it , I 've slept better . I did n't realize how much I was waking up due to light in the room . The other reason I was skeptical is that I thought I would not be able to sleep with it on my face . Not the case ! It fits well ! -LRB- the slightest crack of light , if you go cross-eyed , can be seen at the side of my nose -RRB- I do n't even mind the velcro in the back of the head -LRB- it is a little thicker back there -RRB- but I can sleep on my side and back . I especially love the contoured eyes . I have been using it for about 2 weeks and look forward to wearing it . It means I sleep more during the day !!! I would definately recommend this product .
 I purchased one of these 40 Blink masks for my wife since she sleeps with a cloth over her eyes . The slightest light keeps her awake . I however can sleep through a stampede of buffalo at a PETA convention . My wife however did not like the mask so I `` borrowed '' to take my daily naps with since our room has giant floor to ceiling windows that allow the sun to blaze in . For me the mask works great . I 've always struggled with claustrophobia so I thought I 'd have a problem but the design keeps the fabric away from my eyes so I do n't feel trapped . It 's super lightweight and comfortable . The band is not even noticed . No light gets through and I sleep sound . I ca n't compare this mask to other brands since it 's the only one I 've ever used but I think it 's perfect . Even picked one up for my mom .
 It is lightweight , comfortable , adjustable and blocks out the light . I tried many products and this one is the best so far . I sleep better with these shades . Lasted 2 years of daily use . I bought them because I was working the night shift and could not sleep in the daylight . I recommend you try these eyeshades.Update 08/27/2012
 This sleep mask is the best I have encountered , and I had tried 7 different brands before I found the Bucky 40 Blinks . It has the bubbled out eyes , which are a must for me . It keeps my eyelashes from touching the mask , which is very important , especially during REM sleep when your eyes dance about in your head and your eyelashes rub against other flat lying sleep masks . For my face , it blocks out all light . Only 1 other mask gave me this kind of coverage . I realize everyones face is different . I have chubby cheeks and a wide nose , and it seals up all the gaps.I did experience the problem with the back piece of fabric separating from the padding after about 6 months of use . Fearing it was out of warranty , I contacted bucky customer support through their website . A really helpful customer service rep named Cynthia got right back to me via email , told me that they had improved the adhesive used to attach the fabrics , and would send me a new mask free of charge . She also asked if I used any lotions or makeup with the mask so they could do more research on their end and make further improvements down the road . The new replacement mask is now on it 's way via fedex . You just do n't see this kind of customer service these days , and I wanted to acknowledge that here in a public forum.I will report back after a few weeks with the new mask , but overall I am very pleased with both the product and the company 's customer service . This is now the only sleep mask for me .
 I have a hard time sleeping with even the tiniest bit of light and this mask is the best I have tried -LRB- and I 've tested dozens over the years -RRB- . It 's made out of lightweight foam so it hardly feels like there is anything on your face . The extra space for your eyes to blink and move is a revelation after being used to masks where the material is pulled tight over your eyelids . I 've noticed in other comments that people are having an issue with light leaking in around the edges . For me , this was easily remedied by tightening the mask using the velcro strap - and it was still very comfortable to wear.The only potential drawback is that after about 3-4 months of nightly use the fabric will start to separate from the foam . This is tolerable until so much of it comes off that it wrinkles up on your face . At this point I usually trade out for a new mask . This is n't really an issue for me as I feel you get your money 's worth .
 After trying many standard eyeshades -LRB- usually the flat ones that give you on airplanes that mash your eyes -RRB- -- I decided to get one with `` cups '' -- seemingly obvious to me now . I like these -- though they do n't quite fit around my nose -- leaving a tiny slit for light to come in . Nevertheless , they are comfortable -- and the material -LRB- we got black -RRB- is completely opaque -- as opposed to some cloth models that let some light in .
 I purchased a Bucky 40 blinks mask several months ago and the mask seemed to have a lining issue . However , I contacted Bucky directly and I learned from Bucky that some masks experienced a glue issue relating to facial cr&egrave;mes . Bucky assured me they have corrected the issue with a new glue process . I must say , even though my 1st mask experience was not perfect , Bucky 's customer service was FABULOUS ! Bucky offered to replace my mask for free no questions asked and I did not have to return the faulty one . I just received my new mask and have no issues . Bucky does what they say they will do . I LOVE MY BUCKY !
 I love this eye mask ! I bought it last summer and use it every night . My husband likes to sleep with the TV on which prevents me from sleeping well . This mask blocks all light , does n't touch my eyelids and works perfectly ! I even wore it on an airplane to nap and thought it was fun that I could sit there with it on , my eyes open , and no one around me knew I was awake . I love it and I am back now to buy a few more to keep in case I ca n't find it when mine eventually wears out . I did find that the extra velco at the back got tangled in my hair each night so I just put a piece of cotton over it and that solved the problem . I did not find the bump at the back to be an issue , and I sleep on my back .
 I am a Police Officer who works night shift and I really need this to keep dark so that I can sleep during the day . I have tried a lot of different masks over the years and this one is by far the best . Other masks bunch and lift up allowing annoying light to get to your eyes . The shape and material of this mask allows minimal light to penetrate and disture my sleep . This is my second sleep mask by this manufacturer , -LRB- the last one was good for 3 years using it nightly -RRB- , the last one had to be replaced due to wear . I give it 5 stars .
 These are absolutely great ! They are curved so they do n't smash your eyelashes and block out ALL light because they hug around the eye . The are also very soft , comfy and have cute patterns . I highly recommend them if you need to wear eye shades .
 so far this is the only mask that i can use with my cpap machine and it is simply amazing . . I love the fact that there are raised pockets for the eyes so you can blink without your eyelashes hitting the mask . I see most complaints are that it is made cheaply . . I do n't care if i have to buy one every few months . . it is simply better than any mask i have tried and literally have resolved much of my sleep problems since using this mask and light therapy in the morning . . getting up from a very dark space and then having the bright light therapy has changed my life . and i 've been to sleep studies for years . The sleep study group at Cornell Medical Center suggested trying this therapy and i now am sleeping better than in years ... i feel like it is somewhat of a miracle !!
 you can blink underneath of it which is a plus . it 's adjustable for all size heads . cool patterns . perfect for hangovers and daytime naps .
 This was just what I needed to help me nap in the afternoon . It blocks all ambient light and is very comfortable to wear .
 I have used a Bucky Mask for several years and bought a replacement one recently because the edges had been frayed from use on my old &#34; friend &#34; . If I want to sleep in or sleep during the day , it is a regular in making my life better.This new one is lighter and fits more comfortably.The feature that renders this sleeping aid outstanding is a &#34; dome &#34; over each eye which keeps the eyelids free from beingtouched.I thouroughly recommend the Bucky 40 Blinks Mask Ultralight Eye Mask .
 It 's exactly as the manufacturer describes - ultra light , comfortable , does n't put pressure on the eyelids and is adjustable with a long enough strap to fit around most heads !! Great product and the best eye mask I 've used .
 I use these when I travel and man of man they 're great . They do n't press down on your eyes and are very breathable . The only bad thing is a little light gets in through the nose area but then again it just might be my polish nose pushing through ; -RRB-
 I wake up at the first hint of light and so happy to find a mask that fits well , does n't restrict breathing though my nose , and does n't press against the eye . Trust me , I 've tried them all and these are the best .
 Purchased along with some quality earplugs - travel this year includes Costa Rica and Iceland , so between the sound of monkeys and 24/7 sunlight in Iceland -LRB- in summer -RRB- , it was time to upgrade my travel sleep system.As a travel mask this is excellent , as it 's lightweight and super packable . Most importantly , it does n't interfere with my sleep by putting pressure on the face ... you do n't really know it 's there . As others have mentioned , a small amount of light can come in around the nose area but I adjusted it and do n't have this problem.I do n't use an eyemask at home , so this is just for sleeping in an unfamiliar situation . Recommended .
 This is the absolute best sleep mask . Does not squish against your eyes , very comfortable , easy to wash , it 's great !
 I have another eye mask and this is a bit bulkier , but it fits well and works better , blocks more light and stays put better than my other !
 I wear my Bucky mask every night and I love it . However , the inner lining seems to be coming apart and it annoys or tickles my face . But other than that they are very comfortable and I would reccomend them over any other sleep mask .
 I bought this same eye mask for my boyfriend over a year ago and he wore it to shreds . He loves that this does not push up against his eyes like most eye masks but completely keeps light out . He is a very light sleeper and has found that this is so easy to sleep in that he wears it even when there is n't much to be concerned of in the way of lights . Unfortunately the two materials that make up the eye portion is held together with a light glue so the first one he owned fell apart and the new one I bought him started to do the same after just a couple months . This is the only eye mask that I have seen with this design and it works so well I doubt we 'll ever buy a different brand . We will either continue buying this after the new one falls apart or we will just have to start gluing them back together !
 This is the best sleep mask ever . It blocks out all the light but does n't put pressure over the eyes . It is ultra comfortable .
 this is my first mask so far its comfortable and stays on all night . material is soft and easy on the eyes
 I bought this for my mother in law and she loves it ! She wears them at night and loves that this one lets no light in and fits perfectly !
 The mask was comfortable and stylish but a lot of light would seep in along the bottom . Not a big deal unless I opened my eyes , saw the light , and then remembered I was sitting in a plane surrounded by strangers .
 This is the best sleep mask i 've found so far , of the half dozen or so i 've tested . It 's lightweight , blocks almost all the light , and it 's comfortable.The only problem with it is it 's not made to last . The material comes away at the edges , showing the foam inside . At this price though , just buy a few like I do , as it 's the best mask I 've found .
 I ordered this to use on a cross country Amtrak trip . It worked great ! All light was blocked out ... if only I had thought to buy some ear plugs , I would have slept like a baby !
 This sleep mask is more comfortable than another I 've been using , even though the other is molded also . The Bucky seems not to fray along the edges as much , and the cutout for the nose allows the pressure of the elastic to be supported by the eye sockets and keep the mask from slipping around . Seems to be a good product .
 I ordered this eye-mask upon recommendation . It is certainly light-weight and does not press on one 's eyes , which is nice , and the velcro closing strap allows for one 's fitting preference . One draw-back to this product is that I found around the nose area , it is not necessarily flush , so there can be cracks of light sneaking through . However this small drawback does not much hinder the overall enjoyed quality of this product .
 This is my first `` high-end '' sleep mask , and I have to say that it 's definitely worth the extra money . It is very comfortable and great at blocking out light .
 This sleeping mask can definitely make a nap during the day a much better experience . Despite the brightness of the room , it can easily block out the light . In addition , the concavity of the mask allows you to open your eyes even with the mask on . My only gripe is that the mask still allows some light in around the nose . The strap did n't bother me at all and felt comfortable . Overall , the product is great for sleeping in a bright environment .
 I wore my Bucky 40 Blinks Mask for the very 1st time last night -LRB- I got it in the Dahlia pattern ... very cute might I add ! -RRB- . Love it ! It is sooo light . Ca n't even notice it 's there ! Extremely comfortable and definitely stays put ! I sleep on my side mostly and had no trouble with it moving at all ! I had no problem with the velcro closure and do n't think it 's too thick or bulky at all . There is a small gappage at the nose ... very small , where it does let some light in . However , the gape is extremely small and I did n't find it to be a problem . Great buy & very glad I purchased this ! I read all the reviews here on Amazon before I made this purchase ,
 I have worn a blindfold while sleeping for years , because I do n't like being woken by the sun in the morning . I needed to replace my old blindfold , and I found this one online . I 've used it for a few nights -LRB- I wear it all night -RRB- , and it works great . It is comfortable , adjustable , and lets virtually no light in . My only complaint is that it 's not machine-washable .
 When you work the night shift , it is hard to sleep during the day if there is too much light ! Most sleep masks do not fit well enough to block out all the light , but the Bucky does !
 I ordered three masks all at the same time since they were all reasonably priced . I work the `` grave '' shift and sleep during the day . This was my least favorite but is the less obtrusive one and light weight . Still good though .
 I have IBS and out of all the prescriptions I 've been given to remedy the problem , pepogest works the best .
 I have or had IBS and this product helped like nothing else . And I 've tried so many things ; herbs , prescriptions , fiber . Pepogest works wonders . I have no more uncomfortable symptoms . I 'm even starting to forget that I even had the problem .
 I was taking a stronger formula that contained oil of peppermint but it gave me reflux . Pepogestis the perfect solution because I have no side effects , just a calm stomach . It just feels soothingand my digestion has improved .
 I could never find anything that would help my stomach until I found Pepogest . There were not any prescriptions that would help but since I have found this I am able to eat without the fear of being sick afterwards .
 I have tried pretty much everything in the market for gas and acid reflux , and these peppermint oil capsules work better than most other a lot more expensive treatments in the market .
 My Dr was completely surprised by this . He checked out a few things & gave it his approval !! -LRB- I have to take several other meds that may have interacted negatively with this -RRB- I found that it works amazingly well .
 I started taking this product in hopes that it would help me better control my IBS symptoms . I found it to be extremely helpful , soothing much of my digestive discomfort . I take three pills a day , between meals . I noticed a change within less than a week . I highly recommend trying this product , particularly if you have IBS . The information I read about peppermint oil did indicate that it should NOT be taken if you have heartburn or acid reflux problems as this product may actually worsen those symptoms .
 Although a bit pricey -LRB- whether in store or online with shipping and handling -RRB- , this is possibly the most convenient way to take peppermint . It does help with my digestions , but not monumentally . I have purchased some peppermint oil that I will add to green tea in the future or just continue to drink peppermint tea . Tea has the benefit of working on symptoms after they occur instead of contantly trying to anticipate them .
 Nature 's Way Pepogest Peppermint Oil has been a life saver for me . I have been to several different doctors in the last few years for my GERD -LRB- bad indigestion -RRB- and eroded esophagus . They prescribed numerous expensive prescriptions that did not work well enough . The first two days I took the Pepogest , I kept belching peppermint , which was good tasting . After the first few days , I did n't even belch it up.Thanks to the Pepogest I am now eating foods I have not been able to eat in years . Thank you Amazon for having Pepogest on your site and delivering it quickly .
 The product works as advertised for indigestion ; we keep one at work , one in the car and one at home . Has been recommended to multiple freinds .
 I had been having increasingly worse diarrhea type irritable bowel for a number of years . I am a new woman after only 2 days taking this . I need to only use one pill in the morning , and now I am no longer confined to home for the first 6 hours of every day . I was confident this would work because the more expensive prescription Lonox was also very effective for me.If you have n't tried this give it a try . It is better than having to live your life attached to the bathroom toilet .
 A few years ago I almost died from intestinal bleeding , and obviioulsy ended up in the hospital.After surgery , a colonectomy and an endoscopy I was told about Pepsogest . I had been using paregoric for extreme intestinal crampings -LRB- although it begin as relief for severe menstrual cramps -RRB- . Now the government no longer allows the use of paregoric , so I use Pepsogest.I take one in the morning , and one in the evening.The gastroligist also told me that the moment I begin feeling cramps or pain , take one with a full glass of water.I was skeptical , but now am a believer.It is almost , almost ... as good as paregoric .
 This product is pretty good - better than Beano . I have intestinal issues with diverticulitis , and this helped .
 If you have green bowl movements this is what you need.The gel cap is coated so that it breaks up in the small intestin and kills the fungus that grows there which helps your metabalism . I keep it on hand and use it now and then but always when I have a green stool.Works great .
 After taking these pills for a week I definitely did notice a difference . I have been taking them for 3 weeks now along with my prescription medication , which I hope to ween off of eventually . I have tried many prescription drugs for my IBS , but the peppermint pills have shown the most improvement . The biggest change has been in the constant bloated feeling I used to have . Even when I do experience the bloated feeling it does n't seem to last as long as it used to.The only negative that I found -LRB- if you could call it that -RRB- was that I burped a lot more than usual during the first week . It has since gone back to normal , and it was nothing excessive anyway.I plan on taking these pills for many years to come .
 I have tried everything for my stomach and this is the only thing that works . It relives gas and bloating very quickly . I recommend to everyone . I would rate it higher if I could .
 Pepogest was suggested by my Doctor and I am very happy with it . It is very effective and has not caused any heartburn issues . It stops my symptoms immediately and I feel a lot better ! I would suggest this to anyone with IBS , etc. .
 So I have really bad anxiety and it causes extreme nausea and I went for a couple months of non-stop nausea right after eating and eventually all I would eat was club crackers and vitamin water and even then my stomach would get upset . I went to a gastroenterologist and he wanted to do all these invasive tests and stuff and I was n't for it , so he recommended me trying this before we went further . I do n't know if it was the placebo effect that I wanted this to work so well that I did n't have to do the other procedures , but it worked right away ! I took it for a couple of days and found my stomach relaxed even with some minor anxiety . I started to eat again with bland foods and I found little to no nausea anymore . Now whenever I start getting the nausea after every meal symptom , I take this for a couple of days and then I 'm all better.My friend had hip surgery and she was really nauseous and constipated from all the drugs and everything and she was trying all these remedies , so I gave her the rest of my bottle -LRB- I bought a new bottle later on for myself -RRB- and she said it worked so well for her ! She had surgery on her other hip about a month later and she is using it this time too for the nausea and constipation and she says it really makes a difference . I was so glad to have helped her!Anyways , sorry for the super long review , but I just have good things to say about Pepogest . I would definitely recommend it to more friends as I have already done so .
 This product works best on an empty stomach . The direction say take 30 minutes to an hour prior to a meal but I found that it works best when you are fasting . However it takes out good as well as bad bacteria .
 The product was just what I was looking for based on my doctor 's recommendations . Weirdly enough could not find this product in CVS or Walgreens close to home .
 I have been suffering from GERD/IBS since I can remember , LITERALLY SINCE I CAN REMEMBER . I just turned 29 , so I feel I 'm too young to have had these issues , but whatever-I just got confirmation of it though back in May after a colonoscopy and endoscopy . The doctor prescribed an anti-emetic and an anti-spasmatic , but I could n't get either , idk if it was insurance -LRB- or lack there of -RRB- or the fact I have a kidney disease to boot . So the GERD is a daily struggle , and the IBS flares up when stressed-I have lost weight needlessly without trying b/c for the last three weeks , I 've been super sick thanks to my IBS . I finally googled ` help ' for IBS and came across the fact FENNEL and PEPPERMINT OIL help sooth spastic colons and help IBS sufferers . I live in a very RURAL community , but I lucked out and was able to buy both fennel and peppermint oil capsules right here in my home town-PEPOGEST to be exact . I read on the internet and on the box of Pepogest that if you get heartburn to discontinue , which worried me b/c I can drink plain old water and get heartburn . I took it , and I did get a burning ` sensation ' but it was n't my typical heartburn , it was like a cool sensation burn , and I can tolerate it much better than regular heartburn . My burps taste like candycanes-I like it . Much better than the nasty indigestion burps that taste like the food you just ate plus some stomach acid . Anyways-I 've been taking them almost a week , and I have n't had to take any heartburn medication , and my IBS has subsided immensely ! I 'm not one to write such lengthy reviews , but I had to get out there and let people know this stuff is legit . My husband -LRB- who does n't have any gastro-intestinal issues like I do -RRB- is taking them b/c he loves the way my breath smells ! 24/7 -LRB- even with morning breath -RRB- he thinks my breath is amazing and thinks the Pepogest is the next best thing since sliced bread . I 've been taking both the fennel and Pepogest together , so maybe its both of them acting together . IDK . I was super worried the fennel would give me black licorice burps-totally not the case . SO , all in all , I would highly recommend this product . Before Pepogest , I was on two prescriptions for heartburn , and I have n't taken either since ! I feel so free of prescriptions now , thanks to this ! Get yourself some , and do n't quit after the cooling burn , unless you 're a huge sissy ! ; -RRB-
 After I had my gall bladder removed , I continued to have episodes of queasi-ness due to my body 's adjustment and by the meds I was taking . I read on the internet to try peppermint to calm my stomach and Pepogest was the first product I came across at the store , so I bought some . It worked wonders !! Now I use it for nausea and take some as a preventive if I 've been exposed to anyone who has a gastro-intestinal virus -LRB- stomach flu -RRB- . Yes - it makes your innards feel `` minty '' which can be an odd sensation . I too have acid reflux and a few times the peppermint has made it up into my esphogus , but I just drink a lot of water and everything settles down . I love this product !!
 I was skeptical of this product , but having read the rave reviews , thought I 'd try it . I 've been taking it for a week now , and I have had no stomach cramping or diarrhea . I can eat like a normal person . I 've dealt with this so long that I had almost forgotten how nice it was to just eat dinner and not get sick afterward . I would hesitate to give the title `` Wonder Drug '' but this one certainly deserves it in my book . If you suffer with IBS , you owe it to yourself to try it .
 I have suffered for so long with stomach issues and after taking Pepogest I have n't had any problems , it has been awesome to know I can eat and not get sick . Will take this forever !
 I 've been using this as a night cream for a couple of years now . I bought it after seeing a special on PBS about the ingredients in it being really great for aging skin . I 'm 36 and everyone always says there 's no way I look that old ... could it be the cream ? OR are people just being kind ? who knows ... but I like it and I like the kiwi-ish smell -LRB- and I 'm one who is usually averse to most fragrances -RRB- . UPDATE : I wanted to update my review from 4 years ago . I 'm now 40 years old and have used this cream every night . I work at a university and students are often shocked when I say I was a student there 20 years ago , they usually think I 'm a student their age . I went on vacation to europe this summer and countless people in their 20 's were shocked and refused to believe I was 40 . I 'd point to my gray hair coming in and one guy accused them of being dyed streaks ! I had a 20 yr old who was smitten with me and begging me to take his phone # ! I 'm now noticing the difference between the quality of my skin and lack of wrinkles to others my age and the beginnings of crows feet and other fine lines starting to appear on people my age . My husband thinks I look better than when I was younger . I ca n't help but believe this cream is accountable ...
 I love this product . Can put it under eye . Makes skin soft and lines not that noticeable .
 Love the cream it does n't gives me zits or breakouts so that 's amazing for me , loving it , I only use it for sleep and I see some wrinkles going down !!!! I am only 22 but we have thin , dry skin on my family so by 15 we have wrinkles around our eyes and lots of expression lines ... . Well I think this cream is really good , really makes you feel younger ... I am only using it for sleep time and works like a charm ...
 Of all the facial cream I used in the past this is the cream that works.You need to apply in circular motion in your face and neck.Apply generously.I use it at night only.I dont like the smell though . I hope they can produce an odorless skin eternal cream.My husband is complaining of the smell .
 Source Naturals Skin Eternal Cream with Lipoic Acid , DMAE , C-Ester and CoQ10 , 4 OunceI have used this product for over 10 years and this is the best moisturizer you will ever use . I have tried many products and always come back to Skin Eternal . I am glad to see Amazon.com has it on their website . This helps me from always having to search to find who is selling it . Amazon.com has made shopping quite easy .
 I love the smell of this and how it makes my skin feel . You just need to try it to see what I 'm saying about this product . No , I am not a company spokes person . I just happen to love the product .
 I use this as a night cream every single night and love how soft it makes my skin look and feel . Some have complained about the smell -- it 's not my favorite but it 's not bad !
 This is a wonderful skin cream . I 've been using it for about 3 months . No longer does my facial skin ever look tired or dry , and my fine-lines have faded significantly . And an unexpected bonus
 This cream smells delicious ! Like pineapples , kiwi and laying on a white sand beach ... but I digress . This has all the good stuff in it and for 1/4 of the price of the so-called top pf the line . And this WORKS ! I use it at night ... it 's a bit too thick to wear under make up , but it makes a perfect night cream . In the morning , my skin is soft and looks perfect . I 've been using it for 2 weeks , only at night , on a freshly cleaned face . I also use a peptide moisturizer first . This spreads luxuriously and soaks in really well . The smell is refreshing and delicious ! I 'm the type to try everything and anything -- I even tried snake venom -LRB- does n't work -RRB- -- this is one cream I will buy again and keep using . Love it .
 I look forward to applying cream every morning and night because it feels great on my fACE - NEVER GREASEY !! ABSORBS INTO SKIN QUICKLY . .
 This face cream feels so good on my face and neck . It goes on really creamy , but does not leave a greasy feel at all . It does n't have a scent as far as I can tell , which is good , since I do n't care for scented creams . I 'm hooked on it , and will definitely buy it again and again !!
 `` Intrigue '' is non-sticky and easy to use . A little dab 'll do ya ! Could n't stand `` Silk '' as it was messy and way too sticky . Of course , it 's ` to each his/her own ... ' and the same lube wo n't suit everyone .
 This product is the best personal lubricant we have ever used . it does n't get sticky like so many others do . It is a little more expensive than other lubricants but it is worth it .
 Works very well and does n't leave behind that sticky , tacky feel that other lubricants tend to leave . Only concern is the price , but it is worth paying the extra money . I will definitely be a repeat buyer .
 My wife & I enjoyed the warmth that it produced-not too hot but definately there . Its also not sticky or tacky .
 This product is absolutely the best . We have tried many and , in my opinion , it is the best consistency ... not gooey or too thick , not runny ; just right for great enhancement of pleasure for both . Also does not sting , as some do .
 I got this from Amazon on the subscribe service and save a bundle this way over retail drug stores . This is a smooth , but not overly slick lube . It can be difficult to wash off , but using shampoo can do it or just leaves your skin a little softened if you leave it on . Overall , it does the trick and holds up plenty long enough . Just be careful because with all silicon based lubricants , it will permanently stain sheets making it look like a permanent wet spot . Go with a darker color sheet or consider using a towel to protect the sheet . The water-based lubes are more slick and do n't last as long requiring a reapplication , just depending on your endurance !
 Great product . Very good lubricant and also does n't leave a sticky after effect . Would def recommend this to anyone looking for a little extra slickness .
 Ok , I once gotten a sample pack with brands like Liquid Silk , Gun Oil , etc. and this one is actually very good . Odorless , does n't get too cold or hot , texture and everything is one of the best -LRB- do n't know about the taste though -RRB- . The only problem is that it leaves a ring when you set it down , maybe it drips a little , or maybe I 've knocked it over but once you get it on the bottle it feels like it 's always there . I suppose most of these products are like that , but for the price I would hope it comes in an air tight , no mess container .
 It definitely has a different feel than water based lubes , so if that 's what you are used to this might be a shock . But a little goes a long way and it does last thru long sessions . I have n't tried it with toys yet so we 'll see .
 We have been using the same lubricant for years , but were given a sample of K-Y Intrigue and thought we would try it . I work at San Diego Sexual Medicine so we see patients all the time with problems lubricating , as well as other problems , and are always asked about lubricants . So we thought we would try this to rule it out as a good option . Were we surprised ! This stuff is great . The silicone makes it really slippery but there is no greasy feel because it 's not petroleum based . Intrigue has a sensual feel and can be used as a massage oil or simply a personal lubricant . It 's pricey but well worth it !
 This product has made my life sooooo much better . I love the consistency -- silky , smooth , and I 've never had a problem with it drying . Does n't burn , and I have very sensitive skin . The most amazing part of this product is how well it moisturized and lubricated my poor postpartum , hormone-ravaged self . If you have dryness , whether postpartum , menopausal , or just occasional , you really should give this a try . And as for the price -- I 've had the same bottle for almost 3 years , and I 've used maybe 1/10 , and I 'm very liberal with it . Fabulous product .
 this is EXPENSIVE stuff but the best I 've tried . a lot of my girlfriends really like it too . maybe I am missing out on something better though , since it is getting such bad reviews here ? I dunno , works for my husband & I !
 Have no idea , where all the negative reviews are coming from . It is by far the best lubricant product on the market . You need to try it and make your own opinion . It is outstanding for him and her !!
 I have been taking DHEA for about 6 months now . I have used a number of different brands . I believe most of the pharmaceutical grade products are the most effective . Nature 's Plus DHEA however adds 2 additional features that I think make it the best on the market . First it is micronized which means that the DHEA is ground or pulverized into particles that are just a few `` microns '' in diameter . Also it includes with it Bioperine which is said to increase the bioavailability of nutritional compounds . I am not sure what makes it so effective but this product definitely increase my testosterone levels . The other products work as well , but with this product I can really tell.I have to admit , I have not done any blood test . But as a male my body is telling me that this product is the best on the market .
 This is so far superior to a dry electric heating pad for treating muscle soreness/tightness . Love these packs . Their weight when wet and heated adds to the therapeutic affect , as the pack -LRB- in a terry cover -RRB- really presses into your body.Love love love our hotpak !
 Well , I was expected something puffier , but it does work well . My friend a sport injury guy have better ones
 Hydroculator use at home is easy source for moist heat thata stays hot for at least a half hour . Instructions included were easy to follow .
 My mom has used one of these for over thirty years and would not have anything else . She was very pleased when it arrived .
 Works very well to alleviate discomfort with moist heat , using the microwave to warm it , is also a good convenience .
 What a good thing to have for a sore , tired back.Enjoy using it . Feels really good . Would recommend having this in your home .
 I recently had a hip replacement and the moist heat from the hydrocollator helps quite a bit ... I also have quite a bit of back and knee pain ... love it ...
 I had a hydrocollator for my back years ago . Was having some back issues and decided to use the hydrocollator again . Problem was I could not find one in the local medical supply stores . So on to the Internet and found a hydrocollator at a great price . This a great product for back relief .
 Everything worked out great , I recieved the shipment in good timing and the product is exactly what I wanted . I have used this product before . Thank You
 Great product it is exactly what I wanted and works well . The size really is oversized and does a great job in coveribg surface area of my back . Thanks
 Dynatronics Moist Hot Pack -LRB- for Hydrocollators -RRB- - -LRB- Cervical -RRB- Neck Contour 24 '' -LRB- 60 cm -RRB- . It works very well to keep the moist heat for more than 30 minutes and relief the neck tension . I can also use it for abdominal cramp .
 I 'm not sure why the moist heat is so good , but it does work to penetrate the back muscles . I noticed that chiropractors are using them now , too . I love the tabs on these that do n't get hot . It makes it so convenient to take out of the hot water .
 I have used this type product for years and it is the best for sore mussels and stiff joints on the market .
 This is a high quality hydrocollator pack that 's perfect for treating the lower back area . Just put in boiling water for approx 30 minutes and place inside a terry cloth cover by holding the tabs , which do n't get hot , and wrap a couple of towels around the terry wrap and you will get 20 to 30 minutes of deep penetrating warm moist heat . As an RN , I must warn all users to never exceed 30 minutes with any hydrocollator treatment . My wife -LRB- also an RN -RRB- and I like to use a TENS unit underneath the hydrocollator for an extremely effective treatment that 's also very cost effective .
 Got the product right away and love it . Easy to use , great relief . Perfect quality . Have been using this product for years .
 This product was recommended by a neighbor . I loveit !!! The warm heat definitely helps relieve soreness and stiffness .
 nice product - just the right size - the tabs on this one are better than wooden handles on others for handling when they 're hot .
 I 've used my hydro-pack for over 30 years on everything from broken ribs -LRB- 3 times -RRB- to injured shoulders , back ache and more . It speeds up the healing process , reduces pain , and relaxes muscles . It 's good for preparing the injured muscle area for massage which I do with my foam roller . Mine started to smell funky so I boiled it and put a little non chlorine bleach into the pot . The funk is gone and the pack is going strong . A great product that lasts .
 I was happy to find these at a great price and they shipped quickly . I was using them in my practice 7 days after ordering them .
 I got the most satisfying pain relief when I got to use this with the hydrocollator in physical therapy . I 'd say it 's THE best drug-free way to temporarily relieve pain - especially muscle spasms and if you have chronic pain like me . It penetrates deep into your muscles so you do n't have as many muscle spasms and can relax . I 've found if you can not relax chronic pain can get stuck in a horrible cycle
 I 'm trying to avoid as many artificial foods and products as possible , so I bought this toothpaste . It has a distinct herbal flavor , do n't expect it to taste exactly like toothpaste , but its fine . I like it , but I enjoy herbal flavors . Am very excited to use it instead of chemical toothpaste . Also got swanson 's cinnimon dental gum -LRB- natural -RRB- . Clean happy mouth .
 this is the best tool for your feet if you need something like this , and it 's safe .
 I ordered this and it was shipped to my house in about a week . It came pre-filled and with VERY detailed refill instructions as a supplement to the manufacturer 's instructions . They do recommend -LRB- the vendor , not the manufacturer -RRB- that you use premium triple refined butane to extend the life of the lighter , and it does have a huge flame ! I ca n't say how its durability is , as I have just received it . Initially however , I am very pleased and impressed with it 's performance as well as the speedy delivery . Now excuse me while I go have a cigar !
 The clear bowl is a real plus , easy refill , lid can be flipped up with a thumb . . the `` flame '' is around 2 '' in height , has a control that turns it into a real fire starter ... . just watch where you point it and do n't drop it if you have placed the `` constant on '' ON ... . this is not a toy
 One of the best lighters I have ever owned . Good ajustable flame , wind-resistant and viewable fuel supply . You will be glad to have one of these on the 4th of July .
 I 've been using it along with Cellfood for lower back pain and something is definitely helping . This product has a long history . There is a 1980 briefing by the house of representatives available from the University of Michigan in PDF that is very interesting .
 Elemis Aching Muscle Super Soak - Deep Heat Aromatherapy for Sore Muscles 400MLI first tried this product in the Bahamas at a resort . I could n't finish a Spa massage because my back muscles were too knotted . I was shown this product and I have been buying it ever since . It is pricey , but worth every penny . You just have to use a little , so it goes far . The product is just what it says , soak in your bathtub for 15 minutes . When you get out , you will actually feel the heat working in your muscles . I have found out I have fibromyalgia and I need back surgery . I ca n't live without this product . I just had to share my experience because of how much it has helped me .
 I started getting seriously fit in the last 4 months . This involves a personal trainer and working my body to the point I could never do on my own . I have found that after an hour workout , if I soak in a tub with this Elemis for 15 minutes , I AM NOT SORE ... . When I do n't have time to soak with Elemis , I AM VERY SORE FOR SEVERAL DAYS.Bottom line , when you have extended yourself physicaly , be it gardening , hiking , etc. a 10-15 minute soak afterwards will relieve any muscle pain .
 I was first introduced to the Elemis product line while on a cruise and I 've been using Elemis Aching Muscle Super Soak ever since . It is pricey , but well worth the money when muscle and/or joint pain flair . I love this little godsend , especially after a hard day , in the middle of the night , or anytime the aching starts .
 I have used this product for a few years now . I first purchased while on a cruise and having a massage . This is a great product , really does relax your sore muscles I even have my construction working husband using it when he aches all over . They also make a great milk bath product that helps with very dry skin .
 I first heard of this product during a recent cruise to Alaska . I quickly used up the one I purchased there and was thrilled to find it on Amazon and at a better price . This is something I hope to always have on hand . Make sure to use only every 2-3 days because more usuage will definitely dry out your skin . Used properly , it is wonderful not only for aching muscles and in my case also for Fibromyalgia and severe back stenois . One side note . I recently had a small kitten get really stopped up with a cold . He would sleep on my chest while I was bathing and it really helped him breathe better . We did this several times until he got over his cold .
 This was my second bottle purchased . I purchased my first through a cruise I took in September 2011 and have found it to work wonderfully on my aching muscles . I have Arthritis and during the cold winter months take lots of hot baths . This addition to my bath has made a hugh difference . Relaxed and happy in Allen Texas
 This product is amazing . I first purchased it from a spa on a cruise and was told I could not find it in any store . I was thrilled to find it on Amazon for much less . The lather it creates is extremely luxurious and the aromatherapy of the ingredients is unique and rich . But the best thing about it is that it actually works . It detoxes the muscles so well , it will make you have to leave the tub for a potty break to flush the toxins from your body . After the tub soak , you are left feeling soooo relaxed . Just wrap a robe around yourself and meditate for a while .
 I first used Elemis products aboard a cruise -LRB- as most people seem to -RRB- and fell in love with them . This one is great . I use three capfuls in my tub when I bathe to soak away tired muscles , and it makes me feel great . Pricey , but well worth it .
 I 'm a bath addict and I 've tried everything -- I 've never found a product this . I always discovered it on a cruise and I 'm addicted . However , it 's expensive so I do n't keep it on hand all the time .
 I really like Elemis products to begin with . This is the BEST . The smell is pleasant and , unlike so many bath products , does n't seem to leave annoying residue in the tub . Most important , it truly relieves aching muscles .
 Excellent bath soak after a workout or when you just need to relax and re-energize muscles . Would recommend it to a friend .
 A wonderful product that my wife relishes . Heavenly scent when used bathing -LRB- adding some magnesium sulfate helps -RRB- - very relaxing and soothing .
 Had a soar bad and my girlfriend recommended this product . I wa leary but it DID help my bad . Seriously !
 Both my wife and I love the product and use it frequently . We found out about it on a cruise we took last year and were pleased to find it available through Amazon.com .
 Got this on a cruise and I love it . The spa attendant actually suggested rubbing it into my sorest muscles before sleep/bathing which has always worked well for me . I love the way it smells too , juniper being the strongest scent in my opinion so guys can use it without feeling like a girl .
 I use Elemis Aching muscle super soak in the shower to soak my feet and as a body wash . It is the best !
 I have used this product for years now and have been putting in my hot tub . Does anyone know if it may damage and parts in the hot tub or ruin the water quality.Aching Muscle Super Soak - Elemis - Body Care - 400ml/14 .08 oz
 I 've been using Elemis Aching Muscle Super Soak for several years . It smells great and helps ease tension and general aches and pains . It is by far my favorite bath additive .
 I first used the product in a ship 's spa and loved the fragrance and the way my skin felt after using it . I use it in my bathtub and consider it a luxurious experience .
 Incredible product to help ease stress on your aching muscles , especially after working out . Love Love this product . If you like to take tub baths , this product is for you .
 I have been using the Willard Water XXX concentrate for at least 18 years , and maybe even longer . I am now almost 70 and in very good health . I basically use it in a spray bottle ... First thing every morning , I spray it on my hair , in my mouth , in my eyes , and on my face.Does it work ? I will never know for sure , but I think it does , and I will continue to use it forever .
 We want to add our testimony to all the thousands of other 's around the world.Dr . Willard 's Water is one of the most amazing products ever discovered for people , pets and plants . We use it every day and never want to be without it.FACT
 Seemed to work . My wife had a weird skin rash and the Doc . tried all sorts of remedies which did not work . Finally a friend said try this stuff .
 Great Deal , I spoke to the customer service representative on the phone , he was very professional . I am going to use this company for now on . This order arrived to my house two days above schedule .
 If you take Zinc in Any of your supplements -LRB- multi 's too -RRB- , it leaches the Very Necessary copper out of your system ! - Copper aids in iron adsorption , skin pigmentation ... , and 2mg per day is usually enough -LRB- 15mg of Zinc `` Total '' per day is Safe Max for most ! -RRB- . Men need to watch their Prostate supplements for Zinc overdose ! - This is my Favorite , and Very Effective -LRB- I 've tried many -RRB- ! - Now Foods Clinical Strength Prostate Health , Soft-gel , 180-CountRe
 since I eat liver once a week , I do not take this pill ; but my wife , not a liver fan , does , she says it 's fine
 I have eczema on the palm of my hand and thumb as well as as painful cracked heels . I use this 2-3 times a day and it really helps . It does n't cure it , of course , but it dramatically reduces the scaling and dryness . My skin has n't cracked and bleed since I started using it a month ago . This brand has lanolin in it , which works very well , but has the lanolin odor . I use this on my feet and another brand of urea cream on my hands . No perfume too . The price is reasonable and delivery was prompt .
 My feet and hands crack easily on the heels and finger tips . This is the only item I have ever found that actually heals those cracked areas . I have worked as a retail pharmacist for over 30 years , and have recommended this product to many people . This is a great value for a product with 20 % urea . Urea is the ingredient that allows the moisture to penetrate the skin . The thicker the callus , the higher the concentration of urea needed .
 If you 're taking chemo with Oxil platinum this is the cream you want to keep your hands and feet from cracking and hurting!It does tend to `` dry out '' slightly after about 4 hours and I 've found wearing light cotton gloves keeps it moist and working great.Don ' t believe the 4 to 6 week delivery scare ... got my 16 oz jar in under 3 business days !
 I put this product all over both feet , followed by a pair of socks . Went to bed and next morning while showering I used a mild foot scrubber . Brand new , baby soft tootsies I could hardly believe how soft they were/are . Once a week or two is all that 's needed ! No gross feet &#34; grater &#34; needed ever , so throw those things away and try Dermal Therapy . Great stuff !
 I have been using for years on the advice of my foot Doctor . The only one that works for me . It does dry out fast if you get too big of a container .
 My friend from Canada recommended this product , nice , really nice can see the difference in about a week . love it
 i have to have this . my body does not produce enough to keep everything in working order . this keeps me out of the hospital . thank you .
 I ordered these for our fall wedding . Our wedding was mostly DIY . We had decided on lemonade and iced tea -LCB- & H20 of course -RCB- for our reception in addition to a bar . But since we were providing these beverages ourselves instead of catering them in ... cups were a last minute thing I needed . These arrived quickly , they were inexpensive and the perfect size ... bigger than a stupid punch cup but small enough a quick refreshment -LSB- because seriously , giving a couple hundred of people the option to fill a big glass ... would mean a lot of lemonade and tea making ... no thank you -RSB- . And ... with our guest number around the 175 mark ... we had plenty of cups . Whats great about left overs ... my little bro is graduating from high school in the spring ... bam ! cups are taken care of!On a product note ... Hefty never fails , these are hefty duty : -RRB-
 This is a good product for people with open ulcers that are not healing with other treatments . I have re ordered since I found the first to be helpful . You can also get the same product with silver added to control infection .
 I got in the habit when my children were in school to use disposable glasses . I firmly belive we have less illness in our home . The habit stuck so I ordered these . Not my usual cups , I like clear ones made by solo , but this do work , and I wo n't run out any time soon !
 Exactly as pictured . I bought them to put in a chain link fence to create words -LRB- school project -RRB- . The 12 oz . size fit my fence @ home , but not @ school . These 9 oz . cups fit well , but do n't stay in as well in the wind . Nice product . Shipping was slow .
 These Hefty `` Easy Grip 9oz Cups '' are good quality plastic cups that are much sturdier than the generic types . We like the red color because it is real easy to see where I set my cup down or if the kids forgot to throw their used ones away.Buying these in bulk from Amazon saves us a good bit of time and money as well!Recommended!CFH
 I have been using buyingthis product through Amazon for the last four years . My doctor has been able to reduce the amount of medication I take for my hypothyroidism . I wanted to lessen the amount of medication I take since I am on so many different medications for other health problems . I am pleased with the results and my doctors are also , including my cardiologist and nephrologist.Nuthroid-60-Capsules-by-Ecological-Formulas
 I have an old Norelco Advantage Razor which is the best razor Ive ever owned , better than the latest Norelcos out there . I love the grip and I love the trimmer that comes with this razor and I love the fact that lubrication is built in . I recently found the replacement blades for this razor and now I have an old razor that is as good as new .
 this norelco phillips hq167 replacement heads are just what i needed and was shipped right away and at a great price
 These are great , they fit the model I have , as it was stated they would , they are very sharp - my old blades lasted many many years , it was well over time for new ones . Since they are not easy to find in `` real '' stores now , I tried the virtual world , and lo and behold , excellent ! Very pleased . Nice small package , protected well , and easy to install into the razor . Since I clean the blades frequently -LRB- extends life -RRB- , I know how to take them out and put them in , just keep the blade and cover together after cleaning , they wear together . . excellent product . Glad something still exists that you can buy parts for many many years later and be up to high quality standards.Thanks Norelco .
 I have an older razor and could n't find this replacement blade in any store . Great job ... and the razor works great for the first time in months ! Good price and fast delivery .
 These came a little slower than I anticipated but they work well . Would purchase again .
 Caution : Norelco tells you to replace the heads every 12 months , however , that can be excessive in some situations . If you use your Advantage shaver in a dry mode -LRB- without lubricant -RRB- , then replacing the heads yearly is about accurate . However , what Norelco does n't tell you -LRB- and the reason why most people buy an Advantage -RRB- is that if you use this shaver when your face is warm and wet -LRB- i.e. shaving in the shower -RRB- then you can easily go 2 years without replacing the cutters.The reason for this is because dry shaving with an electric razor is extremely hard on any blade -LRB- not just these ones -RRB- . By warming and wetting your face and whiskers with water and a lubricant -LRB- there are many to choose from -RRB- , you can decrease blade wear by about 60 % ! It 's also much less traumatic on your face.Skin Care Tip : If you 're concerned about healthy skin , skin cancer , and/or want to keep your skin looking young as you get older , it 's best to apply an after shave lotion with SPF shortly after the shave , while your pores are still open . Oh , and you need to do it every day , not just on days that you shave . Pay the extra and get an after shave lotion with SPF and NOT a big bottle of generic sun block ; you just might end up smelling like coconuts . The lotion can be a little pricey when you see the size of the bottle you get for your money , but just remember what your buying it for . And lastly , and this is VERY important , make sure that it blocks both UVA and UVB ; not all of them do .
 This COVER IS GREAT FOR THICK PADS . But NOT SO GOOD FOR THE ONES THAT COME WITH THE CHANGING TABLES . I have a 3-4 in . thick contour changing pad upstairs and this works Great , . . Because where the slits are for the restraining belt to go through fits good . This is because the pad is thick and the straps are more towards the outside edges of the table . However downstairs I only have the 1 in . pad and the location of the slits in the COVER make the straps be in the center of the table and I always to move them out of the way before I can put the baby down .
 I read other reviews where the changing table cover is thin . And , it is on the thin side . I put it over another cover and it fits very well and looks very good . It also holds up in the wash well .
 Great material . I washed twice and not change coler at all.Diferent the one I got from Baby `` R '' Us , that fade in the first wash .
 This changing cover fits the changing pad well and feels smooth to the touch . But it is very thin so if you do n't have a good cushion on the changing table already then this may not be right for you .
 These changing pad covers fit my changing pad from Wal-mart perfectly . Easy to use . The price could n't be beat plus they qualified for free shipping when the right amount was bought . Wash well and stains come out easily .
 I like this product , it fits very well the changing pad and it 's quite soft to my LO skin . I have been using for at least 6 months and the fabric is still soft .
 Great basic colorCa n't go wrong with this . Good quality for price . Would purchase again for sure . Cheapest price I found yet still good quality .
 This cover is soft , fits the contoured pad well , and washes nicely . Maize is a very pretty , soft yellow and it looks great in the baby 's room . We 're pleased with it !
 It is a little thin - but the price is great . I have a superhero themed nursery and this red cover works so well ! I also ordered a black fitted crib sheet from the same company and it 's also thin but again - the color options are great and the prices are great too .
 i used it with a combination of things . dermarest , epsome salt baths , and a slight change in diet and my psoriasis is so much better . Give it a shot what have you got to lose !
 this stuff really works ! Drink aloe juice and bath in sea salt and your psoriasis will be gone !!! Good luck !!!!!
 I am using this for acne -- It is working great -- and fast too !! My pores are getting clearer and smaller . Thanks for a great product !!
 Acne sufferers listen up ... Although this product is for psoriasis and does not mention using it for acne , the active ingredient is salicylic acid which is also the active ingredient in many , many overpriced OTC acne medications . What is great about this Dermarest product is that it has 3 % salicylic acid - most acne medications only have 2 % !! If your skin can tolerate salicylic acid alright , I would definitely give this product a try for acne . It will dry your skin out somewhat , but the product has other ingredients in it that seem to counteract the dryness . Also , I found it not to be irritating . Another big plus about this product is that one gets a lot of product -LRB- 4oz -RRB- for a fairly cheap price . Most other salicylic acid acne medications come in tiny tubes and cost a heck of a lot more . This one will last you a long time.If your skin does get overly dry from using this , another Dermarest product -LRB- the Eczema treatment -RRB- will help with any itching and dryness . That is actually how I stumbled upon Dermarest products at the local drug store . I developed a horrible , red , peeling , itching rash on my face that continued to persist for several weeks from using an acne product containing benzoyl peroxide . The Dermarest Eczema product really helped with that !!! -LRB- Now I stay away from anything containing benzoyl peroxide ! -RRB-
 I get dry , red patches with scales on my face and outer ear canal along with oozing . This is the first treatment that was OTC that actually worked . It removed the scales , stopped the itching and got rid of the redness.Just make sure you use a moisturizer also to counteract the drying effects of the benzoy peroxide . It cleared me up in about four days . Just make sure you use it three to four times a day .
 This product works great . I 've suffered from eczema my whole life and recently started getting very bad psoriasis on my lower legs . This has been the second day using it and already my skin is starting to clear . I 'm sure it will take a few more days , but I 'm amazed . It is the first product that has given me hope .
 I like this product when used with a rotation of other psoriasis products . Doesnt irritate more . But have to use in combination with other products .
 As a long-time , humble sufferer of psoriasis , I hesitate to make any sweeping claims , but this stuff took away the scales . It is n't greasy , and apparently it just takes a small dab . After about ten days of application the itching and redness were gone . I feel great . I 've been beaten down lots of times over the years , so I know the outbreaks can return . To you fellow sufferers out there though , I 'd say this stuff is worth a try . In my area it was n't available through the outlet pharmacies -LRB- Walgreens , CVS , and the like -RRB- so ordering through Amazon seems a good solution .
 If you have the thick scaly skin and have tried scrubs and all sorts of products you may want to give this a try . Your skin will peel but it does remove the bumps and the appearance of them . The only thing that I can say that has worked better for me is being in the sun after spending the day at the beach with the salt water and sun . However , this is a good product - I took it to my dermatologist and she said she could n't prescribe anything stronger so I continue to use it to reduce the appearance of the bumps .
 I have chronic plaque psoriasis that covers between 75 and 80 % of my body at any given time . Like many Americans at this time , I 'm out of work and recently became uninsured so I must turn to over the counter treatments.This product has not miraculously cured my psoriasis , but it has helped substantially . The thickest scale has peeled and is now only slightly raised . Overall , the appearance is much more manageable and a few small `` start of an outbreak '' spots have receded.One thing I will note is that it has to be reapplied a few times . The packaged directions say between one and four times a day . People who have less severe cases may be able to use it less frequently , but since I reapply it throughout the day I can definitely smell it all the time -- slightly minty or sweet-smelling , definitely not bad , but noticeable .
 This product and the moisturizer cleared up my serrohrbic dermatitis within 2 days ! All the flaking , peeling , and reddness on and around my nose was gone overnight ! This stuff is amazing !
 works within a few uses . does not totally clear up the spots , but lessens the itchy spots and the coloring . would buy again
 Again this is a product that controls all my face shaving troubles . My face does not have the problems I get with alcohol or after shave . Thank you ole almighty Dermarest . Do n't change this product . I know you have come out with tubed creams but I beg you leave this one alone .
 I tried this on a recommendation from a blogger and have been very pleased . While I 'm not thrilled about shaving every day , this is the one part I look forward to . My skin feels calm and moisturized all day long , which is nice . I do n't bother with the pre-shave or shaving cream products -LRB- yet -RRB- , but will stick with this after-shave until I find something better .
 I like this product , it fits very well the changing pad and it 's quite soft to my LO skin . I have been using for at least 6 months and the fabric is still soft .
 Great basic colorCa n't go wrong with this . Good quality for price . Would purchase again for sure . Cheapest price I found yet still good quality .
 This cover is soft , fits the contoured pad well , and washes nicely . Maize is a very pretty , soft yellow and it looks great in the baby 's room . We 're pleased with it !
 It is a little thin - but the price is great . I have a superhero themed nursery and this red cover works so well ! I also ordered a black fitted crib sheet from the same company and it 's also thin but again - the color options are great and the prices are great too .
 This COVER IS GREAT FOR THICK PADS . But NOT SO GOOD FOR THE ONES THAT COME WITH THE CHANGING TABLES . I have a 3-4 in . thick contour changing pad upstairs and this works Great , . . Because where the slits are for the restraining belt to go through fits good . This is because the pad is thick and the straps are more towards the outside edges of the table . However downstairs I only have the 1 in . pad and the location of the slits in the COVER make the straps be in the center of the table and I always to move them out of the way before I can put the baby down .
 I read other reviews where the changing table cover is thin . And , it is on the thin side . I put it over another cover and it fits very well and looks very good . It also holds up in the wash well .
 Great material . I washed twice and not change coler at all.Diferent the one I got from Baby `` R '' Us , that fade in the first wash .
 This changing cover fits the changing pad well and feels smooth to the touch . But it is very thin so if you do n't have a good cushion on the changing table already then this may not be right for you .
 I purchased a AL100 Personal Digital Breath Alcohol Tester for my daughter . It is nice and compact and fits easily in her purse . I know she uses it when she goes out because I have heard her girlfriends talk about it and they enjoy checking `` where they are at '' . It is quick and easy for them to set up .
 This breathalyzer , I 'm convinced , is n't totally accurate . However , it does tell when you have quite a bit of alcohol in your system . So if the number is incredibly high , it does not mean you are that number but it does mean that you are probably unsafe to get behind the wheel of a car . What I also like is that anybody can use it . You do n't have to put your mouth around it , simply blow air towards the reader . Not a bad product for the price .
 parents of teenagers behold ! a new way to keep the alcohol out of your home and help brace your teenager against peer pressure . This thing works great .
 We use it after gathering for sociial engagements . It is fun and sometimes eye opening . Great to have
 I WAS VERY SCEPTICAL ON PURCHASING THIS DEVICE BEING THE PRICE WAS LOW.AFTER RECEIVING IT , I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH IT . IT IS SO CONVIENIENT AND ACCURATE IF YOU FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS ON WHEN TO BLOW . I NEVER WANT TO DRIVE UNDER THE INFLUENCE BECAUSE I NEED MY LICENSE FOR WORK AND TRAVELING.EVERYONE THAT HAS USED IT SAID THEY ARE GOING TO GET ONE ALSO.I THINK IT IS AN EXCELLENT UNIT FOR WHAT I USE IT FOR , ESPECIALLY THE PRICE ! HOW DO THEY KEEP IT THAT LOW ? THAT 'S ALRIGHT BY ME.NORM
 This item shipped quickly . We are pleased with the quality . It works well . Nothing fancy , but it does just what it should . Thanks .
 I 've used this B.A.T. many times since I 've had it . It definitely works . You might get a false reading if you 've just had a drink -LRB- probably due to the drink vapors in your mouth -RRB- , but the rest seems on point ! I love it so far . We have fun at cookouts and parties with it .
 Bought this as a gift for my husband and it turned out to be a fun idea . While it did n't seem to be 100 % accurate , he had a great time using it and will continue to use it in the future . The one reason it may not have been entirely accurate may have to do with the fact that you have to calibrate it at a time when you have n't had a drink within 48 hours , and as a third ear law student , that never seems to happen . But still probably one of the best middle of the road breathalyzers out there .
 this is a small device that is pretty accurate . I used this for my education class to show them how alcohol is used different products & how easy it would be to get a D.U.I. but the true fact remains that if you have just 1 drink , you will be arrested . So just do n't drink and drive . R. Anderson
 I 've had this for a few weeks now , and it seems pretty accurate . After having a few drinks it said I had a .08 BAC . Which should be about accurate . Look forward to using it for parties .
 I found this product very handy and useful to have it in my car 's kit , cause sometimes you ca n't meausure how just a next beer can endanger your reflexes on driving .
 I bought this item for a gift for my little brother for his 21st birthday . He got a kick out of it and used it at his party . I just wanted to make sure he was being safe and this is one way to do so . If you follow the directions it works well .
 I purchased this over what started out as a bet ... how many can drinks can you have and still be legal . Well when it arrived we were on our way out to a dinner party , I pulled it out of my purse and gave it a try . -LRB- I 'm in my 30 's and felt I knew what I could handle -RRB- I registered well over the legal limit after 4 cocktails . We were with an off duty police officer at the time and he said that was about right . I now know what my limits are and when out I do let others use it with the stipulation that it is not 100 % accurate , just a giudeline . Amazing how many now call a cab . Thank You !!!
 I bought this for fun , and also to have with me just in case . Sometimes an uptight friend gives me a hard time , so this is to prove my innocence !
 My husband bought this pen for his best man and we ended up using it to sign our wedding certificate . It is so beautiful and elegant , and had a very nice weight . We felt as if we got a great deal with this pen since many that are more expensive are n't nearly as nice .
 I love pens , always have , and this is one of my favorites . The weight is ideal , the selectip refills smooth as silk , and it just feels great in my hand when writing with it . I would recommend this to anyone seeking a fine pen for themselves or a special gift .
 I convinced myself that since I was about to start a new job where there would be more writing -LRB- vs use of computer record keeping -RRB- I would `` need '' a reliable pen that not only wrote clearly and smoothly but was not going to contribute to hand contractures/discomfort . I found what I was looking for in this pen and in fact it makes the significant amount of writing actually fun from an artistic standpoint.My only complaint is that the gel refills run out in a couple of weeks ...
 Very elegant pen , smooth as silk . Great weight and feel in your hand . This is the best pen I own .
 I have never owned a solid writing instrument of such quality . I received mine as a gift and I 'm very happy with it . The 18Karat Gold Nib is a Bulls Eye .
 10 Karat Gold Filled/Rolled Gold finish features the optimum combination of elegance , strength and wearability . A 14 karat gold nib completes this superb Townsend fountain pen .
 This is exactly what I hoped it would beCross Townsend , Black Lacquer , Selectip Rolling Ball Pen , with 23 Karat Gold Plated Appointments -LRB- 575 -RRB- . It 's a pen that 's heavier than most ... an attribute that I wanted . It 's a little wider in diameter than many ... another attribute that I wanted . In addition , I wanted a cap that would solidly click on to the lower portion when configured for writing ... like this one does . I have a Cross Apogee which does NOT do that . Since the balance of the pen depends on the cap being attached when in writing mode , the solid lock of the Townsend is highly desirable . The Apogee cap sometimes comes loose when writing.The ordering process was easy on Amazon and the delivery was much faster than I 'd expected.Cross rolling ball pens all seem to come with a black ink refill . I prefer blue , so I always end up swapping out the refill right after I get the pen .
 The nicest Cross pen I 've ever had . This one is a very big and heavy pen . -LRB- Larger than most -RRB- . Great for your home or office . It looks and feels great and it writes excellent .
 This type of pen -LRB- Cross Selectip -RRB- was one of things our daughter had requested for Christmas . We ordered it and , at first sight , she loved it . The problem that has developed is its weight . She was exposed to Lyme a number of years ago and the pen is too heavy for her to easily use . Not the pen 's fault , mine for not noting the description included the term heavy .
 I ordered this pen as a congratulations gift for a co-worker 's promotion . It is beautiful and they were very pleased .
 Purchased when I got a new prescription strength from the eye doc . Needed something that would withstand travel , being in my pocket or laptop case , being thrown around in an overhead aircraft bin , and for walking around industrial plants . These work great , look nice , have a very comfortable fit on my wide head .
 Excellent ! small glasses in various colors with a metal tube/with clip to carry if desired . The size is also noted on them so you can be sure you have the correct number . Great service also , friendly and nice to do business with . I have purchased all the colors since price is reasonable.These glasses are also for women and men . I bought mine after l had laser eye surgery .
 I lost my up-close vision after I had cataract surgery at the relatively tender age of 34 . I have collected every brand of reading glasses I 've come across in the years since and none have impressed me like the Slim Line glasses do . I have a very active life , especially when I 'm at work , which causes me to take my readers on and off all day . With the spring hinges on these , they stand up to the abuse I put them through , no problem . They 're exceptionally light and they travel so well , I never worry about breaking them -- I just hang them on my neckline and go about my business , or put them in their sturdy little metal case . I travel for work , and that means lots of airport security checkpoints and so I often just slip the glasses into a pocket on my bag and I have never had a pair so much as bend , much less break.Unfortunately , my local shopping source discontinued these in favor of another -LRB- awful -RRB- brand , so I do n't shop there anymore . When I came across them in a another store last year during an extended trip , I bought all the pairs they had in my reading strength -- and got some strange looks from the cashier . I could n't say enough great things to her about these glasses!I only buy them now to replace the ones I 've left behind in various business trips -LRB- drat ! -RRB- , but at the price on Amazon , I may well buy enough to keep me in Slim Lines for several years . Great value !!
 Wanted these glasses for my husband so he could read the menuwhen we go out to dinner . They are small enough to fit intoa purse and the case prevents the glasses from getting scratched.I ordered the glasses with a 1.75 prescription lens which I couldnot find at my local stores .
 Nice lens . Just be careful when you put then in the case . They only go in one way or they get stuck in the case .
 Very sturdy and small lense makes them ideal for certain situations . I use them in my car so they take up less space on the nose . Nice case and a very good value .
 I rarely need reading glasses -LRB- so far :-RRB- -RRB- , so these may not be for everyone , but based on the description provided , they were exactly what I expected . I actually bought two pairs so that I could leave them where I might need them .
 These reading glasses are perfect to keep one in every room.And they come in their own case so they wont brake . They also came very fast .
 I can keep extra glasses on my nightstand , desk , dining table , kitchen & living room . Saves me time hunting for my specs . The metal tube keeps it safe .
 This case containing my 1.75 glasses is not much larger than 2 pens in my pocket . Once I had a pair of these I no longer needed to carry a bulky glasses case in my pants pocket . I 've never found the strap around the neck to work well . Putting several pairs of reading glasses in several locations works well most of the time , however , when out at a restaurant reading the menu I need a pair right with me . I own two pairs of these , one black and one red . The glasses are quite sturdy , and I think will last well . I can give this product 5 stars without reservation .
 This review is an update on a previous one . I 've owned 4Readers glasses for several years . They are great looking , great lenses , frames and best of all , priced great , which means about once a year I can afford to replace a few lost , sat on , etc , pairs . This time when I ordered , my order got filled by Amazon with another , Much cheaper product , which I returned . And complained about of course . 4Reader customer service actually called me because it was such a bizarre story , they wanted to hear it in person . I was able to send them the link to the order and once they saw that indeed I used their link but another company called Saving Guatemala Kids , got the order , they took great care of me . It is still a mystery how the other company got the order , filled it and actually accepted the return , but I now have the correct glasses on the way . I read some reviews who sounded like they got the same glasses in that weird window of time , if so , you need to let 4Reader customer service know about it . I 'm sure they are still as confused as I but it looks like the link is fixed . Happy reading !
 Well built , glasses . Arrived fast , priced right . Well done ! Placed an order on Amazon , received readers that I did not like , left a low review and I was contacted by 4readers before I could contact them . Good customer service .
 I finally went in for an eye exam and found out I need glasses -LRB- which I have suspected for a year -RRB- but was overwhelmed with the various option of prescription lenses . I ordered these to tide me over until I decide what I want/need in $ 150 lenses . These are cute , light and sure help in reading in low light at night . The case is also very handy and has lasted well . -LRB- I had my doubts . -RRB- It 's a nice surprise when something turns out to be better than you had hoped .
 very good lenses practical size and very affordable , not concern to loose themdo the job , all I need it was suggested by my optometrist to get them to help my reading over my contacts
 Nice compact reading glasses . My only problem is the top does n't have a tight enough fit to the case body - when I put them in a suit or jacket pocket with the clip , the case falls off into my pocket .
 These reading glasses are excellent for carrying on one 's person as they come in a thin small compact case . I like the fact that they are not bulky and do not take up much room in my pants pocket .
 My husband really likes these vitamins ! He works REALLY REALLY LONG Hours ! Mostly 12 hours + a day 7 day work weeks . He swears by them , they help keep him well through his stressful Aeronautics job ! He has used them for years ! He also takes extra Niacin , Vitamins C , D , E , Fish Oil , & Ginseng . He also eats alot of veggies and fruit , and gets regular rest.He said he would give it a 5 star except for they do n't make him into Superman ! Only close !
 I 'm a 58 y.o.male who has suffered with arthritis type pain in my shoulders for several years and have had difficulty even pulling the blankets away to get out of bed . I have used Glucosamine & Chondroitin -LRB- G&C ;-RRB- for the same amount of time with limited success.I purchased this pack and after taking it every day for several days along with G&C ; , I realized that about 95 % of my pain was gone ! I was amazed.I do n't have much faith in the single tablets that supposedly have all the vitamins and minerals you need.This is the best .
 Tried and true pain reliever and cold reducer . I like the lemon-lime flavor , quick dissolving and fast acting . Good bulk economic price and individually packaged for travel .
 These changing pad covers fit my changing pad from Wal-mart perfectly . Easy to use . The price could n't be beat plus they qualified for free shipping when the right amount was bought . Wash well and stains come out easily .
 The magnifier seems -LRB- I just received it -RRB- to be pretty durable . The magnifier is lightweight and has a nice flashlight feature . The lens is of decent quality with minimal distortion . It would be nice if the lens had an anti-glare coating to reduce the glare from overhead lighting . This is a problem if you wear glasses . I do n't recommend using this for extended periods of time for reading . Good for travel .
 If you areint health then this product is for you . The vendor is very good . . stands bit its product .
 Jarrow Formulas Juice concentrate can not in any way substitute fresh pomegranate juice . But , pomegranate are not available all year around and even if they are available , not everyone has a time to go through the process of making a juice . This juice concentrate does n't have the exact taste of fresh pomegranate juice , but it 's really good in smoothies , as a tea sweetener , in homemade frozen yogurts and sorbets and in fruit and berries sauces .
 We love this stuff ! We used to get it at our local whole foods , however , their prices have sky rocketed , and it 's not always available , so we decided to look for it here . As always , Amazon has the better price . I was worried about shipping , but once it arrived , it was individually wrapped -LRB- we ordered several -RRB- in bubble wrap , and packaged well to keep from breaking . And in case you 're wondering what we use it for , I add it to my plain yogurt to give it some flavor . It 's very nutritious , and tastes good . It is concentrated , so you either have to mix it with something , or be ready for a strong flavor .
 We love Jarrow Pomegranate Juice Concentrate for it 's high ORAC value and health benefits and we really love it for the taste and syrup-like consistency . -LRB- but only 36 calories per tbsp -RRB- We add it to everything from sparkling water to our morning smoothies - it isnt sugary sweet in any way , but it does have a nice natural sweetness combined with that pomegranate snap.We really wanted to comment on the care in which this product arrived from Vitacost - they did a beautiful job wrapping it so that the bottle would arrive safely and very quickly . We originally discovered this product at our local whole food store but availability was getting spotty as well as the price getting higher -- so now we will continue to order from Vitacost .
 We have been using this product for quite a few years and were delighted we could get it at Amazon.It arrived well packed and in perfect condition . It is heart healthy and we enjoy drinking it eerymorning .
 I use it as a base for smoothie instead of other juices . It is a great anti-oxident high in ellegatanins with a high ORAC value . I don ' t like sweet juices and this is SO concentrated one bottle lasts a long time .
 First , this is a juice concentrate and you should add water . Do not try to drink this juice concentrate without adding water.The juice has a strong citric -LRB- but not citric aroma -RRB- taste . The taste is n't bitter and somewhat sweet.The evidence of benefits of pomegranate seems to be getting more numerous and stronger every year . The ladies swear by its complexion-enriching -LRB- produces more collagen -RRB- benefits . There is also indirect evidence that ingredients in pomegranate promotes better aging , reduces the likelihood of obesity , and is generally protective of organs such as the heart.You will need to use more than a spoonful if you want to drink this as a `` juice '' . Pros :1 -RRB- Juice concentrate so it is perfect for purchasing and shipping online .2 -RRB- Does n't require refrigeration . It requires refrigeration after opening -LRB- juice can stay fresh for prolonged period without it -RRB- .3 -RRB- Tastes very decent -LRB- but not terrific -RRB- . Cons :1 -RRB- Expensive but pomegranate is an expensive fruit .
 Have been drinking pomegranate juice every AM for years and was told about the concentrated Jarrow Formula.Keeping it in the fridge does not take up as much room as the 1/2 gal bottles I used to buy and is easy todilute to any strength.I highly recommend keeping an extra bottle when re-ordering . Lawrence
 It tastes great and healthy for you . I couple of spoons in tea or water you will be surprised how good it tastes .
 I have been buying this for years . It is a quality product . When chilled it is a suriip and blends well . I use it in breakfast smoothies and mixed with water and ice as a fruit drink .
 We bought this for $ 10 w / free shipping and it 's just as good as the more expensive ones we 've purchased in the past , as far as trimming the face . This is a brand name you can trust . We 're satisfied with this trimmer and are glad we found such a great deal on it , too . I would n't use it anywhere other than the face tho ...
 This product is very good . The gingeng is actually redish in the capsules , and taking it daily , I began to notice a change in my mental clarity and stability .
 Only kind/brand I would buy . It has made an actually difference in my life . Try it -- you will like it .
 this product is excellent for people working hard every day . I recommendable for men have sexual impotence , it is wonderful product for virility ... good price and excellent quality .
 after only a month of taking this authentic and 100 % pure ginseng . I take 2 capsules a day and lots of water on the go .
 Great stuff.Gives lots of energy . The Ginseng used is of the highest quality I 've seen , comparing to other brands.Strongly recommend it !
 mixed with hot tea and worked good ! Sent blood flo in the right direction . Just mix 2 pills in with hot tea and your good to go !
 I read a review about the benefits of Ginseng and wanted to try the product . As I compared the prices in the local health food stores to the same product on Amazon I opted to order thru Amazon . My product arrived only a few days after submitting my order . Great service
 I 'm 34 years old I 've been struggling with Erectile Dysfunction for years . I have seen over 10 specialist and had at least a half dozen X-rays and MRI 's . Nothing . It was suggested by my last and most prominent Urologist to get a prosthesis inserted . Not a great option for me , but one I was prepared to go through with.I tried this Imperial Elixer Korean Red Ginseng product after talking to a friend , low and behold after taking it for a couple days I started to feel a slight return of my erections . It 's not all the way there by any means but to have any improvement for me is a big deal.I 've made multiple changes in my lifestyle i.e. walking more , spending less time in front of a computer etc. . . but my improved condition i feel is a direct result of just beginning to take this product . I just wanted to share that in this space . I 've only written a few product reviews before but I know how much value I get from reading other peoples reviews before i purchase products so I wanted to share my testimony with this product here . I 'm a real person , definitely not a paid spokesmen.I have read that taking as much as 3 separate doses of 900mgs of this stuff a day -LRB- 2,700 mgs a day ?? Seems like alot -RRB- is a good dose and I 've also read to NOT take Korean Red Ginseng for more then 3 months at a time . I have to find clarity on that but all I can say is that in the meantime , taking this product has given me the confidence that I can fix this situation without a surgery . For that I 'm thankful and recommend it.If anybody knows anything about the 3 month at a time limit or the dose amounts , please respond .
 I purchase this product after seeing Dr. Oz on TV . I started taking them last week , feeling more energy do n't seem to get the afternoon let down !?
 Helps me keep going ! This is the highest quality capsule ginseng I have found . I travel for business and often have meetings from early to late in the day . I take two in the AM and maybe another two in the afternoon .
 Writing a review on a pill is difficult , but here goes . I purchased this item about a month ago -LRB- 2nd time -RRB- because of the valued price on Amazon.com and the fact that I feel it does help my tired old mind to focus a little better . I only take five pills per week.I had brain surgery a couple of years ago and I felt that I was coming back too slowly . All my doctors said that I had no damage to the brain cells and I should not worry . Easy for them to say . After reading some health and medical reviews on this problem I decided to try Korean red ginseng believing it would be a waste of money.Now after using it for several months I feel that it has helped in my healing process . Being an old guy I know my mind is not as quick and sharp as it was 40 years ago , but I feel as if the Ginseng has definitely cleared my head to some extent . I am still thankful for spell check on the computer . Ginseng is good but , it wo n't cure the your inability to spell , this is why windows has a spell checker included in it 's programs . When this bottle of ginseng is finished I will definitely purchase another.BTW
 I am very pleased with this product . It has exceeded all my expectations and all it 's claims . It is well worth the money . I 'm ordering more .
 Recommended by my physician for blood sugar control . Felt much better within a few days of taking it / .
 These automatic or painless tweezers -LRB- they call them different things -RRB- are a personal favorite . My hands shakes slightly from carpal tunnel and these making doing my eyebrows much easier . They are easy to use and grip the hair for easy removal . Another great product by Tweezerman . I 'm always happy with the products I buy from this company.Tweezerman tweezers are worth the extra money . You can buy cheaper tweezers , but they wo n't work as well or hold up as long as a pair of tweezerman.I have found that each pair of these I have bought outlast my keeping up with them by far . They remain sharp and remove hair/splinter/etc easily . They grip well and are easy to handle.The only down side I have found is my own fault and that 's misplacing them or someone borrowing them and finding them equally great and never returning them.To clean them I always soak them for a minute or so in alcohol it removes and oils and kills germs.Love the product and always come back to them .
 My husband had been looking everywhere for this after shave lotion and could n't find it anywhere . No stores carry it anymore . So he was very pleased when I found it on line and ordered it for him .
 This is my favorite after shave and has been for 35 years . Easy to find and order on Amazon . Shipped quickly and good price .
 I 've been using this product for over 10 years now and always get nice compliments from those that get really close . Highly recommend this after shave . Not cheap but worth every penny .
 I 've been using these waxing strips for years and am pleased . Of course , they are n't a substitute for a salon waxing , but great for touch ups -LRB- and when you do n't want to drop $ 80 on full leg/bikini wax -RRB- . Refering to another reviewer , no , there are n't 2000 strips in the box , but I guess I did n't consider that possibility either . There are 8 strips in the box , but each separates into two strips . Takes a little less than a box to do both legs -LRB- for me -RRB- . The strips used to come with more wax on them , but all-in-all , these work better than some other brands .
 Good value joint support , there are better more expensive alternatives , but it was certainly worth the price . Lifted heavy the whole month and including squats on a bad knee an only had an issue with a mild discomfort on my elbow . Pills taste terrible but I definitely recommend it .
 My leg joints were ticking all the time from squads and lunges . I take 2 pills on when training at gym and one on a regular day . After four days pain went away and ticking was gone by the end of a third week .
 Fantastic Site . Excellent product availability from supplements to vitamins . Prices unbeatable . Shipped and received on time . Would highly recommend .
 * Joint Repair '' formulated f ' r th ' individual wh ' , '' th ' r through traumatic injury ' r gradual deterioration ' f th ' joints , '' 'n need ' f maximum cartilage 'n' joint support * DymatizeGlucosamine & Chondroitin . Added MSM . 100 % Pure Pharmaceutical Grade . Wh ' t '' Joint Repair w ` th MSM ? Joint Repair '' formulated f ' r th ' individual wh ' , '' th ' r through traumatic injury ' r gradual deterioration ' f th ' joints , '' 'n need ' f maximum cartilage 'n' joint support . Glucosamine Sulfate 'n' Chondroitin Sulfate h '' ' t ' maintain structural integrity ' f joints , connective tissues , 'n' blood vessels . MSM h '' b '' n added b '' '' '' ' f th ' role ' t plays 'n promoting healthy collagen f ' r maintaining healthy joints 'n' connective tissue .
 Great pen , very cost effective . A friend recently purchased a pricey MontBlanc and likes this Cross a little better . Good balance and weight , sturdy construction . I carry it everywhere , and use it when grade papers.Would cheerfuly order another , next time in fine point.I think a few of the apogee pens have stainless nib ; I 'd go for the 18K gold nib again . Steel nibs feel scratchy .
 The pen is great . The ink -LRB- Cross -RRB- is terrible on some papers . Do not use for checks ! On good quality paper the ink is very black and beautiful and the pen is a joy to write with . The nib it comes with , although medium is a bit thick . The ink is not permanent . It will run if you spill something on the paper or get it slightly wet . On checks it starts to run like if it were tissue . Other inks do n't do this .
 Great pen , especially given the price . Well balanced and has a good flow with no spotting of ink etc
 The blade work well when it is sharp . However , it is not sharp enough after 3 uses . It is much safer than using pocket knife .
 These are great razors for callouses and they fit any brand callous remover tool . But they are very sharp . My advise is to only use them on well soaked feet and use very carefully . Also , it is great if you only use each side no more than 2-3 times .
 I use this bag in my kitchen trash container . That is after I recycle it . I have to take my laundry out and I furnish the bags for return laundry . Then they are my kitchen trash bags . So far , not one of them has given out on me . The rolls are great in size and weight . I like the fact that I do n't have to unroll to find where to tear off . I do n't have to tear off . The bags are thin and do n't look sturdy . For my purposes , they are just right .
 This product works like a dream ! I wo n't go into any specific details , but my husband and myself are quite pleased with it.The reason I gave 4 stars not 5 was because of the mint flavored one . I would recommend being cautious with this one because it does have the menthol , cooling effect almost to the point of a little burning sensation .
 I bought the cherry flavor from another website after reading all the rave reviews . One woman wrote in saying it tastes like a cherry sucker , so after reading that I made my purchase.Value : Includes all the flavors goodHead makes . This product may seem high at $ 15 but it 's actually cheaper per ounce than the big tubes , so it 's a good value & a good starter pack for someone who does n't know which they would prefer . The full size tubes seem to last forever , i 've used it many many times.Flavor & Texture & UseThis product really does taste good . You do n't need much of it , just a thin layer , otherwise it can taste a little chalky . It 's thick coming out the tube , so to apply just get a little dab on your finger & rub it where ever you want to taste it , rub it in like a lotion to prevent it from being chalky . Can be used for him or her & it makes a great gift.This product is another great one by doc johnson .
 This product is definately worth the investment ! -- Numbs the gag reflex and is definately a great seller !!! 5 Stars . . Highly Recommended . . I no longer buy or sell the big tubes of Good Head ! -- These small travel sizes are the way to go because they fit inside your purse or travel bag !
 These are a good deal -LRB- you get a lot for your money -RRB- and they 're tasty ! Just do n't use too much at once or it 's gross .
 got it pretty quick . recieved within 3-4days . i like it alot ! wasnt to crazy bout the cinnamon or passion fruit tho .
 I had one of these for over 25 years and it finally fell apart . I despaired at not having my `` pacifier '' which I used for low back muscle spams . My darling husband found this one for me online and I 'm back in business ! Just 15 minutes or so heating in a pot of water on the stove , this pad brings such soothing relief and comfort . I wrap it in a towel and apply it to the affected area for 20 minutes.It is easily stored after cooling and I always know where it is ... for future use .
 My husband lost his original pen which he really loved . The seller delivered it well before its project Amazon date .
 I have n't been taking this for very long but it seems to help control my appetite . It was recommended by a holistic MD. . I suppose time will tell .
 If you need a larger blood pressure cuff , this is the one for you !! value and price are perfect !!
 I purchased a bp machine for my son . Unfortunately , the cuff was too small and so I purchased this large cuff . He tells me that it works great and is very happy with it .
 This is the size cuff required for most people . It is comfortable , which is important .
 When I received this unit I plugged it into my Omron monitor and the readings have stabilized and are consistant .
 This sleeve is much bigger than one might imagine , thus should be large enough for even the biggest of arms .
 This large cuff was perfect for my husband as he works out and has large bicep muscle area at 19 '' around relaxed.The Dr said to my husband check BP daily . -LRB- Husband has high normal BP at 130/85 and had high cholesterol / triglycerides , now normal -RRB- I did n't think his BP was that bad for someone over 45 + and smokes.I bought the Omron HEM-705CP Automatic Blood Pressure Monitor with Measurement Printout but the cuff was too small for his arm.So I ordered this larger cuff for him and it works perfectly , with true readings.This cuff is made for persons who have a larger bicep muscle area 17 '' to 21 '' . The monitor comes with a smaller cuff more for persons with a max forearm area of 15 '' around max .
 Very pleased with the quality of the product . Same quality as the one we had before that lasted for ten years , which was as long as the blood pressure machine did . Hopefully , this one will last as long .
 If your upper arm is big like mine then this cuff is just right . It was easy to use and it was shipped right with my BP Machine .
 I 'm totally satisfied with the product , I will recomend this products to my friends , thank you so much.Regardsdaniel
 The Cuff is well made and easy to use . Being a big guy -LRB- 6 ' 6 '' 250 lbs -RRB- the large cuff is definitely a better fit to use with the Omron BP monitor . And it is easy to use , to position and tighten , on my own arm .
 I was amazed at how quickly my cuff arrived , it came in less than a week . The cuff fits perfectly and is easy to position . It does take two hands or a chin to pull the cuff tight , but that is a small price to pay for taking my blood pressure at home instead of running to the doctors office all of the time . I highly recommend this product and I will surely buy from this vendor again .
 This cuff works great for the larger arms . I like the ease of use and the accurate readings it provides .
 Every time my wife would take my blood pressure , it would pinch and hurt . She would say she does n't have this problem with anyone else . I finally bought this Large Adult Cuff and all is well . It even works on thinner arms and is a must buy for anyone taking blood pressure regularly .
 Got it on time and was exactly what I expected . Worked perfectly with my machine without issue . Thw size was sufficent enough to fit my father 's arm which was too big for the contour cuff I got with my machine .
 I need this because I wanted to keep track of my blood pressure since the runs in my family , but since I have been working out and exercising more I noticed that my muscles were getting bigger so the original cuff was getting harder and harder to get on my arm . The OMRON H003D Large Adult Accessory Cuff fit perfect to my Omron BP unit and was easy to connect and use . Great price and fast shipping.Thanks ,
 I , not a body builder , not too overweight , but just a big guy 6 ' 4 '' . When I switched to this bigger cuff my pressure readings were more consistant and lower . I highly recommend it .
 Product is as described and works well for those of us with larger than average upper arms .
 My unit came with the small cuff , but there have been times that others in the family wanted to take their blood pressure and could n't because the small cuff would not fit . The large cuff works great on big arms .
 Good cuff , but does seem to wear out very quickly . We use twice daily so may be getting more use than most . I am pleased with this product .
 Our old cuff developed a leak and would not inflate , and this new cuff works great and helps us keep tabs on our BP .
 Good deal for the price . the only thing I did n't like about it was that it was made in China . I 'd pay more more for something made in this country .
 came really fast . Works great having really good luck with it . Maybe next time need to tell more about ordering the larger cuff when ordering the whole thing
 I tried it out and it works great . The fit was better than the regular one that came with the unit .
 This size is better than the one provided with the blood pressure machine . Can be adjusted for smaller arms so this a better one size fit all arm cuff .
 what a great product , thanks product it was as described ...
 I did not have any problems with the order and received earlier than expected . Also , it is a good size cuff .
 Small cuff kept coming off and readings were incorrect . This cuff plugged right into the monitor and it works great !
 My husband has pretty large arms and was unable to share my Omron digital blood pressure monitor until now . This cuff accommodates his MIGHTY PYTHONS and allows him to keep track of his blood pressure . Really great for anyone who does not have the average size arm . I would recommend that you measure your arm first before buying it to ensure that you are within 13-17 ' . This cuff should not be used by anyone who has a smaller arm since you will not obtain accurate bp readings .
 My husband needed this as his arms are too big for the regular size cuff that comes standard with the monitor we purchased . It works great !
 This Large Blood Pressure Cuff fits my Omron HEM-711AC home blood pressure meter -LRB- as well as other Omron meters -RRB- . Here are my observations : Pros - + Works Well , gives accurate readings + High QualityCons -- Hard to put on by yourselfThis is a required accessory for those with larger than 13 '' circumference arms.Recommended!CFH
 My arm is too big around for the regular cuff , so this is a great addition to the kit . I can take my blood pressure and report it to my doctor . If you use a smaller cuff , it tells you your pressure is too high , when it is n't . Use the larger cuff if it is over 13 inches .
 OMRON H003D Large Adult Accessory CuffBought this in 2008 as the blood pressure cuff I previously had was a bit snug on my arm as I was a bit overweight . I purchased this cuff as it said it would work with 13 '' to 17 '' arms & I was about 13 '' . Being on the smaller end of the scale I found it to be a tad big for me as . Although I am a larger woman for my height -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 2 '' -RRB- , I am still petite in arm length , although not in arm diameter.Due to my petite length arm the cuff sits a bit high on my upper arm and does n't seem to fit well . I just do n't have enough shoulder to crook of arm length . I think anyone purchasing this needs to be aware of their arm length before buying . Anyone who needs to purchase petite length shirts or sweaters will probably find this cuff too tall to sit properly on their arms .
 My arms are is too big for the small cuff , besides not fitting the readings were all over the place . The large cuff is easy to interchange ; slip out the hose for the small cuff and slip in the hose for the large cuff .
 Works very well , but not as easy to put by yourself as others . placing item on the arm is kind of hard to keep straight when placing around the arm for a secure fit .
 The Omron H003D Large Adult Accessory Cuff is just what we needed for blood pressure readings . . Same as Hospitals use .
 NOW Sports Chocolate Whey Protein Isolate is the best protein supplement I 've every used . It really does dissolve well and it 's the best tasting protein powder I 've every had.I do n't get fancy with my drinks . My impatience prohibits me from using a blender , so after every workout I just throw a scoop and a half into a measuring cup and pour some Horizon Organic Chocolate Lowfat Milk over that bad boy -LRB- to equal 16 fl oz . -RRB- and mix it lickety-split with a fork and I 'm left with little-to-no clumping -LRB- make sure you use enough liquid for the powder to dissolve in -RRB- . In a blender , it would probably be smooth as silk . And if you wan na get silly with your concoctions , I 'm sure this protein powder would do you right.What I also love is that it 's all natural which means no starch , yeast , wheat , gluten , preservatives or artificial sweeteners . I 've no doubt this contributes to my lack of gastrointestinal discomfort while taking this supplement.So , there ya have it . Live whey larger , NOW with a healthy peace of mind . You know you like it !
 I bought this product to increase the amount of protein in my diet . I liked the fact that it does not contain creatine . I do n't use a lot , typically one scoop per day on average . Even though I do regular resistance training , I have not noticed any change in muscle mass . I mix one scoop of isolate in 8 oz of fat free milk . I shake it up in a bottle and it blends in well without lumps . The flavor is pretty good , although it is oversweet for my taste . At my low rate of useage I have not noticed any side effects concerning gas or constipation .
 Like the sweet nectar of a hidden utopia , this protein is one of the best things in the market . I have problems with milk and whey products but this micro filtered blend is perfect and does not cause any digestion problems . I 've been using this for about a year and the gains have been great . Chocolate and Vanilla are the two I 've had and if you 're wondering which to go with , maybe try vanilla since it 's a bit more neutral .
 This protein is one of the best I 've tried . It has a high protein to cholesterol content , dissolves easily in water or milk , and tastes like a real chocolate mix . I will definitely be ordering again .
 I have tried many many home waxing products , and this one is far superior to anything else I 've tried . I 'm now ordering my third jar because my daughter uses it too . One note of caution
 This is one of the best waxes I 've found ... just pop in the microwave for about 15-20 seconds and it should be good , but test on a small patch of skin first . This allows easy clean up with water and soap unlike many other waxes that can be very difficult to get off .
 This stuff is better than wax and Nads . It works awesome and cleans off great . I will never buy another hair remover product ever . This stuff is absolutely amazing ! I even bought some for my mom . She really likes it too .
 very good product . i had a severe wrist injury and used this product for strength rehabilitation , which this product was perfect for . exceeded my expectations !
 I am using the least resistive bar -LRB- tan -RRB- for rehabilitation of elbow tendinitis . I have had elbow tendinitis for over 18 months . It got so painful I could hardly function with my right arm , and I am right handed . I started going to physical therapy , and I encountered this bar for rehabilitation . I use it every session , and it helps to slowly strengthen the weakened and damaged tendons that attach to the lateral epicondyle . The important point to remember is that one does not want to overdo this -LRB- or any -RRB- exercise , or a regression will occur . I tried using a heavier bar on my own , and that is exactly what happened . Use the lightest bar first and then progress through the entire series slowly and surely . Once the tendon is healed , the bars can be resold , or the heavier bars can be used to further strengthen the tendons and hands . This is proven therapy and it will work if doe right and done at the right time.kone
 I ordered itI used itit worked with in a couple daysnow others with to use itthey can get there own
 I 'm mainly using it for strength gain and not rehabilitation ... though I work in computers so this could help prevent carpal tunnel by strengthening my forearms . I got the green and I am going to purchase the next size up . Its good to start on the green to get the rhythm down on how to do the Tyler Twist exercises and ensure I am perfect in executing them . When I get the next size up I will not have to focus on technique as much as getting a workout now.My only issue is it does wear my hands down a bit so I have weight lifting gloves to protect my hands from getting blisters/severe callus .
 I had been looking for a product such as this , and this is good for forearm and wrist work . And because of the bending as well as twisting actions and angles possible , works many of the arm muscles . I was twisting the # 2 yellow , the second easiest one , and it snapped in half upon twisting . A disappointment . I am not a bodybuilder or powerlifter at all , I 'm an old guy . So my set now is down to five and the beige # 1 will probably break soon if I use it for warming up , which is not likely . # 1 is so easy that it 's suitable in my opinion only for beginning orthopedic rehab of broken bones , or the frail elderly . I would n't avoid these exercisers because they are so good at what they do . But this Cando manufacturer needs to strengthen the rubber compound so that they do n't snap suddenly . I read elsewhere in Amazon reviews that I am not the only one who has a complaint about quality control of this brand.I recommend buying the blue one or preferably this black one only and trying it . It should be all you need to do what these exercisers do . It just wo n't go through as much range of motion as the easier ones . You can always buy an easier one later , and then work up to the heavy one you bought first . If you work with this twister in all possible positions for two weeks , you 'll find you are stronger , with more range of motion , and not likely to need a weaker one . I find the # 1 , 2 , 3 , way too easy and I am guessing likely to suddenly break , after what happened with mine , if you really twist it as far as you can . And easily broken if you bend it into a U. Both of these movements are what they 're supposed to do , are n't they?I just gave this black one as a birthday gift to a nephew , I like it so much .
 I found out about this device from a NY Times article on a startlingly simple and inexpensive treatment for tennis elbow -LRB- which I got from another sport , jiu jitsu -RRB- . You just hold this straight out at arm 's length and `` wring it '' in one direction then the other . Apparently this provides the same therapy to the tendon as quite expensive PT equipment.I bought one of these last year and my wife lost it while in one of her spring cleaning flurries . So I had to buy another one.Works as I had hoped . The black version this year is MUCH harder to twist than the last one . You might want to buy two , one easier and one harder , to find what is right for you . Costs a little more that way but cheaper than PT .
 The Cando Twist really helped my tennis elbow . Eased pain almost immediately . Continued use helps keepthe pain away .
 The product does exactly what I wanted to do with no long explanation needed to perform what I needed done
 This is the best product I have used to clean under my bridge . It is durable and inserts well into the space below my bridge .
 Just kidding ! This is simply a product which threads floss through your teeth in situations where dental appliances block floss from getting between the teeth from the top . I have a permanent wire glued to the back of my bottom front teeth so I must thread dental floss through them from the front , underneath the wire , in order to floss between them . This product is up to the job and the price was reasonable . End of review !
 Reasonable price for hard to find product . Any amount available and the turnaround was fast . Would reccommend to anyone and will order again when needed .
 I 've been using this product for years to floss around my bridge . It was first given to me by my dentist . Each one of these threaders are small and convenient to use . I have no complaints at all about them .
 I 'm not sure what else to say about a battery . It came as advertised and seems to be lasting well enough .
 Fit perfectly and shipped right away , It was a hard to find battery at the store so I ended up wasting time looking for it rather than just order it like I did from internet
 The product was exactly what I wanted and I received it right on time . Thank you for your getting me the package on time .
 This battery works for the Vicks Speedread Digital Thermometer and most stores do not have a replacement battery in stock or even available . I went online to find a replacement battery for our family 's Vicks Digital Thermometer and stumbled on this seller . It 's A LOT cheaper to purchase this battery -LRB- and it 's free shipping -RRB- and replace the dead battery in your thermometer rather than buy a new thermometer for anywhere starting at $ 10 at the store . The thermometer works like a charm with this new battery .
 I recieved it fast and like the fact that the shipping was free b/c it was mailed in an envelope with a stamp !! : -RRB-
 I bought this because I know some professional cleaners who use it , and I carry it around the house for carpeted steps where my big vac ca n't go . It 's also great on hard surfaces like bathroom tile and wood floor . Once in awhile I haul it to the garage for the car because the attachments are small enough for crevices , but it 's no shopvac and that is a hard cleaning job . For actual carpet I use my big vac , it 's much more powerful . This is a good little machine but I do n't think it 's possible to get the same suction as you get in a big one . But , it 's super for the steps and getting around the bathroom tile in the small spaces . I am going to look for disposable bags , the cloth one does fill up quickly , it 's easy enough to change , but I think having a spare would be good . You can wash the filter in the machine after you shake off most of the gunk .
 My place is mostly hardwood floors with some area rugs . I got sick of dragging a canister behind me , banging into stuff , tipping over , etc. . This fits on my shoulder , and with the long cord , it makes vacuuming so much easier . I kept my big vacuum for occasional beater bar cleaning of my rugs , but I routinely vacuum the rugs with this little gem as well . I really like this vacuum -- it does a great job and is a real time saver.I do n't know why the tag says `` Maytag . '' It 's a Hoover , and it 's been around for a long time.Pros : - Great suction - Sturdy but lightweight metal wands that do n't accidentally come apart - Attachments that do n't fall off the wands - Really long cord -- I can vacuum my entire condo from the same outlet - Reusable and washable bag with an option for using paper bagsCons : - No cord reel -- adding one would make the unit bigger and heavier -- they give you a handy strap to hold the cord on the vacuum for storage - No on-board attachment storage -- again , adding one would make the unit bigger and heavier -- I just keep my attachments in a small tote bag - 1970 's styling -- this is either a `` pro '' or a `` con '' depending on how you look at it .
 The unit is small and very portable , but yet has very good cleaning power . My home is primarily hard wood floors and with having three cats , two dogs and three children a lot of dust is produced . I highly recommend !
 A maid service told us about this amazing vac . After going through a series of plastic units from the local big-box store , then something from Oreck that looks like a cheaper version of this Hoover , we decided to ` go commercial ' . What a difference ! This vac is small but very powerful . It is light enough to carry on your shoulder or you can pull it around on the floor . The hose and tools are very heavy-duty and the tools lock on the hose so you do n't have the old frustration of tools and hose coming apart . The cloth bag is reusable so there is no additional expense , altho you can get a replacement bag on Amazon so you can keep one clean for standby , just throw the emptied dirty one in the washer . No Dyson sci-fi twists to this vacuum , no ground-effect levitation or Italian styling - just a good and durable little vacuum . I see why the local maid services only uses these vacuums for all their residential work . Now if I could just afford a maid ...
 Almost everthing is excellent , except the short hose that requires me to carry the unit from my shoulder . I prefer to pull even a small vacuum on the floor .
 I bought my original portapower about 30 years . I was heartbroken when the motor konked out last year . I went on ebay to see if anyone was selling theirs and found they are still being made as commercial machines . I have had the new one for several months and love it even more than the original . It has tremendous power for a little vac and is pretty easy to carry around . Great for stairs . The only thing I do n't like is the thick electrical cord attached to it . It is cumbersome . I would highly recommend this machine . It is worth its weight !
 This vacuum is even better than expected . All metal constructions with locking tubes so they do n't fall apart while vacuuming . The flexible part of the tubing is really high quality that wo n't be wearing out or cracking . This is the third small canister vacuum I have had over the past 20 years . This is the most rugged one . Built to withstand lots of use . ightweight for over the shoulder carrying .
 I purchased this same vacuum over 30 years ago , and itstill works . It 's got some wear issues , I 'm going toput it in the garage and use it for really dirty workuntil it quits . This new version works great , looks andworks like the old one , but has a lot longer chord anda shoulder strap . The old one was made in the U.S.A , the new one assembled in Mexico , is n't anything madehere anymore ?
 I 'm not sure why it 's so hard to figure out if a specific comb works with a specific clipper . It felt like finding this particular comb took much more research than it should , but I 'm glad I can confirm that the Oster `` Universal '' combs seem to fit on my Fast Feed perfectly . It also seems to be of higher quality -LRB- smoother teeth and attaches more securely -RRB- than the combs that came with the unit . In fact , the reason I bought this was to replace my 1/4 '' comb that had poorly cut teeth that 'd scratch my scalp.I was hoping to move up to stainless by tryingWahl 3372-100 # 4 Stainless Steel Comb , but unfortunately it did n't quite fit my Oster correctly.One more note in case it was n't clear
 This is a pretty good clipper guard . I really like how the metal clip is spring loaded so it can fit many different clipper blades . The plastic is also very hard , not flimsy like most guards out there . The only drawback is that the spring can be too weak at first causing the guard to detach from the blade . However , once the clipper blades form a slight groove in the plastic , that should solve that problem . All things considered , I am very satisfied with this product , and I have not seen a better replacement attachment after ordering several .
 Was great to be able to purchase Oster combs in the shorter hair lengths -LRB- 1/4 , 3/8 -RRB- without having to buy a full kit . These combs just snap on and work very well for grooming my dog in a puppy clip / summer shorter haircut when it 's warm . They are durable , too , have never broken one in years of grooming with larger ones -LRB- 3/4 , 1 '' sizes -RRB-
 I bought this for my Oster Golden A % for personal -LRB- not professional use -RRB- . It fits tightly and seems solid .
 This stuff is like a miracle in a bottle ! My son gets chest colds constantly really bad ones . Cause he has asthma and is allergic to everything so mucus always builds up in his chest and he gets severely sick at least 1 or 2 times a month . He started to get a fever again and get sick so i ordered this . it got here right away and he started taking it with high doses of vitamin c and the same day his fever was gone and the mucus started coming up . By the next day he was back to himself . He has started to get sick a couple more times since and i have done the same thing with the same results . I am going to start giving it to him every day whether he 's sick or not so he just stays well . I love this stuff ! I recommend it highly to any body that has problems fighting off illnesses . it has been a God sent to us and not to mention the money we saved from not having to buy all the over the counter musinex and benedryl and and going to the doctors and antibiotics ! Ca n't say enough good things about this product !!!!!!!!!!!! Love it !!!!!!!!!! BUY IT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I want to say that I ordered this in Oct 2012 and just received it Feb 15 , 2013 . I had made requests , applied for a refund and even contacted Pay Pal ... no help , no communication at all.This brand is fantastic and after using it for years and trying different ones , this is the best one . It helped me with my Endometriosis . I have not had a surgery since 1992 because of Cat 's Claw.It knocked out my allergies to cats and dogs.It works as a natural anti-inflammatory and literally got my Frozen Shoulder working when therapy was n't helping so much.This is fantastic .
 This product is one of the best tasting out there . 10-30 drops in coffee and you can not even taste it . I take it for immune function . Seems to help with reflux issues for me . Besides weather changes , I have not been sick that much .
 good quality , fast service hate these reviews with a passiongood quality , fast service hate these reviews with a passion
 very good product . i had a severe wrist injury and used this product for strength rehabilitation , which this product was perfect for . exceeded my expectations !
 I am using the least resistive bar -LRB- tan -RRB- for rehabilitation of elbow tendinitis . I have had elbow tendinitis for over 18 months . It got so painful I could hardly function with my right arm , and I am right handed . I started going to physical therapy , and I encountered this bar for rehabilitation . I use it every session , and it helps to slowly strengthen the weakened and damaged tendons that attach to the lateral epicondyle . The important point to remember is that one does not want to overdo this -LRB- or any -RRB- exercise , or a regression will occur . I tried using a heavier bar on my own , and that is exactly what happened . Use the lightest bar first and then progress through the entire series slowly and surely . Once the tendon is healed , the bars can be resold , or the heavier bars can be used to further strengthen the tendons and hands . This is proven therapy and it will work if doe right and done at the right time.kone
 I ordered itI used itit worked with in a couple daysnow others with to use itthey can get there own
 I 'm mainly using it for strength gain and not rehabilitation ... though I work in computers so this could help prevent carpal tunnel by strengthening my forearms . I got the green and I am going to purchase the next size up . Its good to start on the green to get the rhythm down on how to do the Tyler Twist exercises and ensure I am perfect in executing them . When I get the next size up I will not have to focus on technique as much as getting a workout now.My only issue is it does wear my hands down a bit so I have weight lifting gloves to protect my hands from getting blisters/severe callus .
 I had been looking for a product such as this , and this is good for forearm and wrist work . And because of the bending as well as twisting actions and angles possible , works many of the arm muscles . I was twisting the # 2 yellow , the second easiest one , and it snapped in half upon twisting . A disappointment . I am not a bodybuilder or powerlifter at all , I 'm an old guy . So my set now is down to five and the beige # 1 will probably break soon if I use it for warming up , which is not likely . # 1 is so easy that it 's suitable in my opinion only for beginning orthopedic rehab of broken bones , or the frail elderly . I would n't avoid these exercisers because they are so good at what they do . But this Cando manufacturer needs to strengthen the rubber compound so that they do n't snap suddenly . I read elsewhere in Amazon reviews that I am not the only one who has a complaint about quality control of this brand.I recommend buying the blue one or preferably this black one only and trying it . It should be all you need to do what these exercisers do . It just wo n't go through as much range of motion as the easier ones . You can always buy an easier one later , and then work up to the heavy one you bought first . If you work with this twister in all possible positions for two weeks , you 'll find you are stronger , with more range of motion , and not likely to need a weaker one . I find the # 1 , 2 , 3 , way too easy and I am guessing likely to suddenly break , after what happened with mine , if you really twist it as far as you can . And easily broken if you bend it into a U. Both of these movements are what they 're supposed to do , are n't they?I just gave this black one as a birthday gift to a nephew , I like it so much .
 I found out about this device from a NY Times article on a startlingly simple and inexpensive treatment for tennis elbow -LRB- which I got from another sport , jiu jitsu -RRB- . You just hold this straight out at arm 's length and `` wring it '' in one direction then the other . Apparently this provides the same therapy to the tendon as quite expensive PT equipment.I bought one of these last year and my wife lost it while in one of her spring cleaning flurries . So I had to buy another one.Works as I had hoped . The black version this year is MUCH harder to twist than the last one . You might want to buy two , one easier and one harder , to find what is right for you . Costs a little more that way but cheaper than PT .
 The Cando Twist really helped my tennis elbow . Eased pain almost immediately . Continued use helps keepthe pain away .
 Pretty good tweezers . They are very sharp and can get into the skin and pull out hair deeply buried under skin .
 I got the yellow the yellow tweezers that are nice and pointed , but the all silver tweezers pictured here are the ultra-pointed/super-sharp ones . I have bought both of these before and they are nice , I was just wanting the ones pictured here , not the ones I got .
 I love these tweezers ! They are precision ground and very pointy . I should have bought two pair - one for the house and one in the shop where I get most of my slivers !
 A fine instrument . I 've used it to remove ingrown hairs . It works as advertised . There 's not much more to say .
 This is a Beautiful and quality pen . Very strong well built pen . Official cross . Comes in a very nice official cross gift box . Cross twist pen .
 Good looking pen that also writes really well . I enjoy using this pen and even more , enjoy carrying this pen .
 Perfect for my big hands . All paper work and checks get signed with this pen . I 'm a supervisor at my job an need to sign off on a lot of paper work . this pen writes smoothly and feels good and my hand .
 BOUGHT 2 OF THESE PENS AND GAVE THEM AS GIFTS TO MY TEACHERS ! THEY LOVED THEM ! I WANT ONE FOR MYSELF !!! : -RRB-
 This is another fine writing instrument from Cross . It looks great and writes smooth . Writing with this pen is also quite comfortable and the chrome shines in your hand . I definitely recommend this product .
 This is a nice pen , it looks nice and writes nice . it is a little fatter then my old cross which feels funny but I hope to get used to it .
 I bought it only for gift . But !! Box has little bit scratch . ANYway It is pretty good ~ Inside box , they have pen and like small manual.It is perfect ! they going to like it.And Do not open manual tape ... If you really want to open it , You have to hold it.Thank you for read simple review .
 Unlike traditional Cross pens this one has a broader top half giving it a unique look for a Cross . Has the same great functionality though . Perfect combination . Great for executives and gifting .
 I have wanted to buy one of these pens for my dad and Amazon offered the best price . Their prices beat the pants off the Cross Pen website prices ! Product arrived in nice box and I wrapped the pen in the box and put it under our christmas tree !
 Pen is nice , as all Cross products are . I got them as gifts . Service was very good , pens arrived in excellent condition and in the timeframe specified .
 Great quality pen at an affordable price . Writes smoothly and has a good weight in your hand . Definitely a great purchase !
 Got this for my father inlaw for work . He writes alot of invoices . He says it writes so good he went and bought himself back ups .
 This nicely packaged pen will make a wonderful gift . It is not as slim as I expected . I hope it writes as well as it looks .
 i bought this pen for my boyfriend gift . and this pen is very nice , i like so much the presentation and mine boyfriend too .
 This was a gift so i was very pleased when it came , without my asking , in a nice presentation box .
 Bought this for my Mom . She had a stroke last summer and has some mobility problems . She fell out of bed recently so I bought this for her so that there would be something that would break a fall . It is most useful though for her having something to hold onto to pull up . With weakness on one side this has made getting in and out of bed so much easier for her . Now she goes to sleep feeling much more secure too with the rail there . It 's just the perfect size . A long bed rail would make it more difficult to get in and out of bed . This is perfect because you do n't have to take it on and off . Also , the legs that extend to the floor as well as going under the mattress make it very sturdy . If you need one , this is the one to buy !
 The HandiRail Bed Assist RailAfter a 16-day stay in the hospital , my 93-year-old mother-in-law came to live with us . Our spare bedroom has a king size bed . Being so weak from her hospital stay , it was difficult to help her lay down on the bed and then move over from the edge of the bed.I searched the Internet most of that night trying to select a bedrail that I thought would work -LRB- 1 -RRB- to help her get into bed and to hold to move herself over in the bed -LRB- 2 -RRB- to keep her from falling out of the bed.Finally I narrowed it down to two . I kept going back and forth looking at the pictures . The difference I kept seeing was this bedrail had legs that extended to the floor ; that would have to make it sturdier than the other one.I chose The HandiRail Bed Assist Rail and am I ever glad I did ! It has been a lifesaver . A full bed rail would never have worked . The size and sturdiness of this rail is perfect.This is certainly the one to choose if you need one !
 My husband had emergency back surgery and is home after 3 weeks in the hospitals . He needed extra assistance to lift himself off the bed onto his walker , and this device has given him this .
 This is a great product for the money - a perfect height for any bed with good adjustment levels , even for those people who are very short ! Being put to good use already !
 The Handirail has been one of my best purchases . My husband had a stroke which made it very difficult for him to get in and out of bed . The assist rail has made all the difference for his independence . I highly recommend this product .
 This assist rail is great . I had hip replacement surgery and the in and out to bed by far is the worst . The TFI Handdirail bed assist rail made what I felt an impossible task easier to overcome . You just have to figure out the best placement for the best results ... order early and get used to it and you 'll be as pleased as I am . I try to buy almost everything from Amazon , it is so much easier looking for items and then reading the reviews . Amazon you 've made my life better since I can shop with you and not have to deal with driving , parking , shopping in store and then a check out line .
 It was easy to put together , and the best thing you can move it anywhere along the bed at anytime .
 great chair , i love it
 Since I was in the mood to buy massage chairs , I purchased one that reclined and one for my desk . These are chairs I spend a lot of time in reading and writing reviews . So , comfort is essential for extended periods of sitting.While the reclining chair proved rather challenging during the assembly session -LRB- that seemed to go on for hours -RRB- , this chair went together rather quickly . The only thing that kept happening is my little kitten thought the plastic caps were toys and I had to keep taking them away from her in order to finish the project.The instructions for putting this chair together are very well written , complete with detailed instructions and pictures.The vibration is strong enough that you can feel it through a pillow if you use one on your lower back while sitting.Things they could improve on : A slightly more comfortable lower back support.A way to stop the chair from going back - lock in the position - it reclines slightly and so you can sit with your legs up on the desk , although I 'd make sure the base was in a sturdy position with the legs so that if you do lean back the chair does n't topple.More padding in the seat - it seems to be spongy at first and then flatten over time.A remote that can be seen when you are sitting - preferably one that attaches with a cord so you can pull it out to see it at a higher level . You have to reach down next to you and sort of lean over to the right to see the controls .5 stars for relaxing vibration and armrests4 stars for beauty of construction material3 stars for comfort and quality2 stars for ease of use1 star for not being high enough on the highest settingSo , as with many of the less expensive vibrating chair items , the vibration is superior to the quality of the actual chair . If you sit for short periods of time to say , just check e-mail , then this chair is recommended because you can get a nice back/leg massage and then go on to other things . It is somewhat comforting in that regard.Otherwise , for anyone who sits for longer than say 2 hours , I 'd say look for a much more padded seat and more options , like locking in the reclining features or having the seat raise to a higher level if you have a higher desk . ~ The Rebecca ReviewP.S . My husband leaned back and broke my chair ! SIGH . Sodurability may be an issue .
 I owned this chair 3 yrs ago ... for the price it gives a great massage . Unfortunately , a heavy-set guy used it and would slouch forward and moved the pressure plate ... just about rendering it useless . I just received my new chair -LRB- after having waited for 16 months -RRB- and it still gives me the same satisfaction.I used this as my chair at work and could sit in the chair for 4 + hrs at a stretch , no problem . I weigh in the 200lbs area.I bought this at $ 100 , and feel it is well worth the price at this price-point .
 This chair is very comfortable . I am pleased with the battery life , quality and most of all it was a great value . The only drawback about this chair is that you can feel one of the motors in the seat and can be a little bit uncomfortable at times .
 I like the product quite a lot . Only problem is I 'm short and can not get the chair to lower enough to let my feet touch the ground . A small footrest was needed . Arrived quickly and in good condition .
 Price was very good . Shipment very efficient . Clear manual . Works good . Concern
 This chair is truely amazing ! The massaging works great & offers various forms of massaging action . The power of the massage is great too & there are 3 different levels which are obvious in the feel . I 'm going to get another one as well for my mom :-RRB- - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This chair is wonderful . After assembly I pluged the chair in and about ten hours latter it was charged and ready for action . I then used it three days in a row before it needed a recharge . Easy to clean leather and very comfortable .
 Well designed , looks wonderful and feel GREAT ! After weeks of shopping , I took a chance . What a great buy !
 This chair is pretty great ! It is nice to get a vibrating massage while paying bills on line . Construction is nice . Chair is comfortable .
 Got the chair for my dad whose older chair now looks like it 's seen the WW II . The packaging inside and outside is quite weird , at first I even thought it was a return but it just seems to be the way they 're manufactured.The chair itself is made of nice leather with a lot of padding , which is very important . There 's also a very firm lumbar support for the back.The massager is OK , no vibration massage can compare to the Shiatsu one . It 's rechargable and already comes with a full charge out the box . There are 3 preset modes plus the custom mode for specific areas . There are also 3 levels of massage . The massager only works if there 's weight on the chair and turns off when you stand up to save battery.The chair has only 2 controls of any kind
 Seriously for the price right now , this chair is a steal ! I bought this for my home `` relax / sleep '' mode chair.This chair really helps blood circulate in your back and kinda refreshes oneself . It has good cushion -LRB- not so soft -RRB- so that the motor/vibrator doesnt poke you . I have seen other chairs and have 3 different leather chairs , but i would rate it the highest for satisfaction and low cost . It has 3 modes , 3 positions and 3 intensity levels.I mean even if one of the vibrator fails -LRB- not likely -RRB- it is still a sweet leather chair :-RRB- . I would recommend this for any person who would just like a break from anything u know.One of the best leather chair deals out there . . period.nuff said .
 I bought this as a surprise for my husband for Fathers Day . It was very easy to put together . He absolutely loves it and takes time out at the computer for his `` massage '' a couple times a day . It 's amazing how comfortable the chair is and varied the massage programs are for such a reasonable price . At first he had to get used to how it tilts back as compared to his regular office chair , but in a couple days he adjusted and is very content with it . He especially likes the high back .
 I 'm sittin on it as a type ... . oh sorry , it 's so comfy I fell asleep again . Great chair . Feels really great on the lower back .
 The chair is fantastic ! Starting first with the assembly , I can tell you I 'm fairly inept with building things and I was able to put this thing together with no trouble at all ... Then , once you sit down in it ... It 's incredible ! I used to have my legs and back ache from sitting in a bad office chair and now I have no problems like that at all . You 'll want to make sure that you 're either sitting by an outlet or that you can put the chair over by an outlet when you 're not using it , so it can charge up the battery to massage -LRB- however , the battery life on it is pretty long , so it can charge up and then you can have it massage for quite a while ! -RRB- . I definitely recommend this chair as a purchase for anyone looking for a comfortable , soft , massaging chair .
 While this is a non glamorous product it is very useful for many purposes and keeps the clippers well lubricated . Also good for fishing reels and other purposes .
 The clippers came with a small tube of this stuff , but we ran out pretty quick . We use it on the clippers regulary to keep them from jamming and rusting . it works great .
 If you are wanting your hair trimmer to last years ? Keep it up with this product . Hay ask your Barber . Nice bottle . SW
 Wow ! You get a good-sized bottle -LRB- 4 oz -RRB- of this oil for a very small price and it lasts forever . Fantastic for lubing all kinds of clippers - we use it on the dog clippers as well as my professional human clippers - works equally well on both . Save your money and buy this oil rather than the more expensive ones sold for human hair clippers . It 's exactly the same product .
 The Oster Premium Lubricating Clipper Oil works fine on our razor . Oster is a name brand that can be trusted !
 Picked this up for my cheap hair clippers that I use to give myself buzz cuts because the shears started to pull . Added a little of this and problem solved .
 the oil flows well and the top caps it beautifully . It is the best clipper oil I have ever used .
 This issue was my own fault but I did not realize the S&H charge was about $ 8 + . -LRB- The oil itself only cost about $ 2 -RRB- . Other than the high S&H , it is a good product . I 'll need to check S&H charges more carefully in the future since it somewhat ruined the savings cost issue .
 have n't tried it yet but I 'm sure it 'll do the job it was made for . the bottle is designed to dispense oil neatly . It has a better design than Wahl 's oil .
 expensive for only 4oz . . It is a good product but I could find something similar for a better price somewhere else .
 I put 1-2 drops on my clippers once a week when I shave my head to keep the blade lubed . Works great , will probably last me 10 years .
 This works as just as well as the tiny bottles given with a braun razor , at a fraction of the price . I use it for my face shaver , head razor , and lubricating the ball lock seals on my beer kegs . The 4oz will probably last for my lifetime .
 i love this product . Its very helpful and i love it very much since im an aspiring groomer . Thank you
 Regular oil doesnt do the trick . If you want your shaver to last a lot longer , spend the few bucks and get this . I think mineral oil also does the trick but this applicator helps make sure you get just the right amount on the blades .
 Great product . Very fast shipping . I should have bought this product years ago , when I first bought the hair clipper . Glad I have it now !
 4.0 oz should last more than a lifetime . In any event , It 's large enough to where I do n't loose it and it stays visable near all my electrical shaving equipment .
 Blades overheat quickly with my dogs thick fur . Keeping them lubed saves my clipper motor and having an extra blade makes clipping easier .
 I put a line across the running blades before starting to cut hair . Have done this since first use of cutter over ten years ago . Blades are still sharp .
 Havent used it yet but it got here fast and I got it for a bargain so I ca n't complain !
 I have had three dogs with the same clippers . I oil the blades to make the clippers run smoother . I like the Lucky Dog Clippers a lot and it does a good job on my dog . I oil it all the time for a great smooth job .
 When applied to my three head rotary shaver , I was very pleased at the results . A Couple of drops applied to each shaving head , ran for a few seconds , and then applied to my three day moderate beard . Shaver ran Cool , Efficent , and I received a smooth , comfortable shave . My face felt like it was free of post shaving dryness , yet NOT greasy like some lotions can leave it feeling . Granted , this oil is designed for `` Clippers '' but its light enough for my shaver . Priced FAR FAR lower than some `` Aerosols '' that are nothing but expensive alcohol based cleaners , that DO NOT work , this bottle will last for MONTHS . I tend to be VERY critical of products that DO NOT work , so when I find something that DOES , I will do my best to share it.Bottom line , Odorless , NON-Greasy , , Evironmentally Friendly .
 Got to have so just get it . Makes my clippers run like new -LRB- Oster Old 76 -RRB- . Keeps the rust off and your blades clean ...
 Without this product , or another of its quality equivalent , the blade of your clipper will have a short life . I found this out the hard way . And those blades are quite costly.This is the way I use it
 Received this one item of my order , which arrived March 14 , 2012 via U.S. Mail sooner than expected in separate package . The Oster Premium Lubricating Clipper Oil appears to be in good order in single package , but unable to use until the clippers & comb set in another part of the order 's shipment arrives , hopefully tomorrow .
 Not only have I been using this on my clippers/shavers , I 've also been using it on my scissors , pocket knives and any other little thing that may need a bit of lubricant .
 Really not much to say about this product . I have been using it on the clippers without any problems . It keeps the blades lubricated as discribed .
 Large bottle ... will last a while keeping my Wahl Clippers going.Cant beat the price + free shipping !
 The Oster oil was just what I wanted , the price was right , and it was delivered promptly .
 WINNING!i mean this is the cheapest oil and works perfect . plus it is alot of oil ! i mean a lot ! i use these on my blades everytime i use them and yeah . winning!PRo : really?cons : no grilled cheese sandwich ! and cake ! -LRB- i 'm Hungry > _ < -RRB-
 i love how the spout whit the long kneck stick out so far so you can oil your blade EZ !
 It pays to keep your clipper blades lubricated `` after '' you have cut hair and are preparing to store your clippers . Put a small amount of the Oster Clipper Blade Lube/Oil on the blades and then turn the clippers on for a few seconds to spread the oil over all the blade surface . The oil will cling to the surface and keep your blades from rusting or pitting until your ready to use the clippers again . The `` lack '' of lubrication allows the blades to pit and/or rust , causing the blades to pull or pinch the hair on your next hair clipping procedure . The bottle has a large quantity of Lube/Oil at a very reasonable price . Protect your clipper investment .
 People are always looking to cheap out on oil for their hair clippers . Well recently I got a Classic 76 which was $ 100 so I decided not to mess around with products I do n't trust . If I trusted oster that their $ 100 clipper is better than a $ 20 clipper , and it is , why would I not trust that their oil is also better if they say it is.People on the internet will tell you to do all kinds of things to cut corners . I actually read people frequently telling others to use vegetable oil . That will absolutely destroy your clipper motor . Run your finger over the hood of your stove . Feel how sticky it is ? That 's vegetable oil.For clippers , you need a low viscosity oil . And it needs to be ultra refined because clippers have a very high degree of vibration and friction when the blade rubs against itself.Would I trust 3 in 1 or WD40 on a $ 500 power tool ? Yes , because power tools are built to take abuse and have mostly permanently lubed bearings.But when it comes to my $ 100 clipper , I 'm willing to spend $ 4 to get oil specifically designed for it , because there is a difference , and food grade mineral oil is not the same , it is higher viscosity , which is bad.Hope that helps clear some of the confusion about lubricating oil .
 This 4 ounce bottle of lubricating oil will go a very long way . I use about 4 or 5 drops per use of my clippers . At that rate , this will last for years.This type of lubricating oil is needed to coat the blades of hair clippers . Otherwise , the blades rust quickly and can be relatively expensive to replace . A little prevention saves a lot of trouble.The way to apply this product is to place 4 or 5 drops on the clipper blades after use . Then wipe or swab the blade and put the clippers away until their next use .
 While I 've only used it a few times , this product does the job well . Just apply it to the sliding surfaces of the cutter blades and it quickly distributes and provide the necessary slick surface for the blades to oscillate rapidly without jamming .
 I use the Wahl Peanut to shave my head once or twice a week . If you use your clipper often , buy this . Not much to review . It 's lube . It works . If you need it , you should buy it . Ships fast from Amazon . Should last me quite a while .
 This Clipper Oil is great , does a wonderful job - BUT , I think it could of been 1/2 the size for a person that only has 1 dog ! I hope it has a LONG shelf life ! lol
 Oster premium lubrecation clipper oil is a must product for Oster clipper blades . Would order from this person again . Came in the mail fast as advertised . Since I trim my dogs , this is a must have product.Thanks for the prompt service .
 Lasts a long time . It has a nice pointy applicator so you do n't make a mess . I would buy again .
 I am completely happy with this purchase . Does the job at a reasonable price . If you need oil for your clippers , I would highly recommend this product .
 thank you very much for the clipper oil.It was very helpful.I have used it twice with no problems.recieved it in good timeing .
 I was using sewing machine oil to keep my blades running cleanly , but bought this to use instead . It might be the reason my blades are lasting longer than they were .
 My shaver works a lot smoother now.Shaves nice and easy . No more blade sticking . I would recommend it to all Barbers and Hair Dressers .
 Good , much easier than the little tubes.Going to try the cool spray next time.All & All good and convienient.Thank you !
 great product , works well , althrough i have not used it more than once as i brought a few weeks ago
 I use this on my razors and my clippers . It does the job its meant to do . And it lasts . My blades stay sharp and my clippers run great .
 Bought it from Amazon . Way more then I need , but it should just last forever . For the price , I believe it 's a lot of oil .
 perfect . works great for our hair trimming devices . and theres plenty of it so i wont have to go buying another one in a month !
 Uh yeah this stuff will really lubricate your clippers so Hard ! I am not sure what else to say . Its blade lube . Yawn .
 My clippers have always heated up mid-trim , and I used to cool them on ice in a freezer bag . Then I discovered Oster Kool lube which cools them right down much better than the ice bag . But I mistakenly thought that the &#34; lube &#34; in Kool Lube would protect my blades . But no -- they began to get grime in between the tines of the blades , which turned out to be rust . My blades were ruined.Now , I apply the Blade Oil at the end of each session , before storing my clippers . The Blade Oil works great as a lubricant and protectant , and I use the Kool Lube during the clip to cool down the blades . Blade Lube is wonderful oil and everything runs much better now . You can feel the difference from regular mineral oil . This is much finer quality.It is great to have plenty so I am not stingy with it , fearing I will run out like I did with the little tube that came with the clippers . But now that I know Amazon carries it , I wo n't have to worry about having to find a store who carries it . Man , do I love Amazon !
 Good value for the price . Machines do cut better with lube used frequently . Not much more you can say about engine lube ,
 The hardest part of using this was figuring out where to put it as I lost the owners manual to my clippers . I found a link online with instructions that I used and the grease worked as expected . This tube is very large compared to the one that came with the clippers and will probably last for the rest of my life or the rest of the life of the clippers which ever is first .
 Do n't be fooled by the picture . This is the black tube currently used . I tried to find this at the local supply shop but they only carry the oils . I guess even they want you to buy new clippers instead of prolonging the life.I bought this for Wahl lithium trimmer so I could clean properly . Works like a charm .
 This is such a nice little sweet and may I stress little , as in degree . This is not like a sugary gumdrop , nor a gummi bear . These pastilles melt slowly in the mouth and this particular taste -LRB- cassis -RRB- is mild and soothing . Our 4 year old daughter loves them . It 's great to know that we can order them on Amazon , since we discovered them at Ikea in China . We 'll be ordering some soon !
 I have been looking for black currant candies and recently tried this item . I was unfamiliar with this brand and therefore was n't expecting the tinge of mintiness they have , but my 14 year old son loved that added little `` punch '' . He said these pastilles were `` off the bomb '' -LRB- meaning , he LOVED them ! -RRB- . That `` freshness '' may just need to grow on me the longer I keep eating them -LRB- since I ordered 15 individual boxes from someone on Ebay recently -RRB- . By the way , these boxes are very small ... smaller than I expected when I received in person .
 I would not go to a store ever again to buy batteries . Right out of the box and into the toys . I recommend them to everyone .
 Very good quality changing pad cover . We have a flat changing pad , and it 's difficult to find covers to fit it . This one works well , although it 's not elasticized all the way around . The cotton is good quality , though , and the selection of colors is excellent .
 So far so good . Washed once to make sure all chemicals are out and no tearing up . It is very tight so it makes thinner flat mattresses bow up a little .
 I washed and dried the cover as soon as I got it and now it does n't really fit the way it should . Otherwise , it is a good color and it will do the job .
 Bought this for our flat changing pad , which it fits . However , it 's very cheaply made , not . Like the plush contoured pads . Was expecting it to be a little thicker than it is , but still gets the job done .
 I like this cover . Unlike other heavy ones , this one is light and easy to clean . Feels smooth on skin as well .
 Very soft and nice color . Wish it fit the pad a bit better , but otherwise great for the price . Holds up well with Washington too .
 100 % cotton is a plus . This fits standard contoured changing pad , even though it says it fits flat changing table cover .
 We bought two of these and am glad we did . We have a flat changing table , and most of the covers seem to be for curved ones . I did n't think I could find my color , but this company did have a purple option . Score ! These wash pretty well , and if I were better with the stain stick I 'm sure they would remain spotless -LRB- mine are not -RRB- . Glad we have two so there 's always something covering the table regardless of how big a mess we made on the last change .
 I had so much trouble finding a flat cover ; all the others were for curved changing pads . This one has been exactly what I was looking for . It 's very soft for him to lay on and the color matches his room perfectly ! Very happy !
 I bought this thinking it was for a changing pad -LRB- there are no slits for the security strap -RRB- . Yet , I use it anyway because its super soft and has quality fabric .
 I 'm glad to see SOME baby items in bold colors . After all - high contrast is what newborns can actually detect ! This fits on a standard changing table pad fairly well , and the material is fine . It 's a good deal for the price .
 This cover was purchased for our baby 's bathinette which is housed in a bathroom . We like to cover the bathinette which is vinyl with a changing pad . The surface is very slippery when wet . Wet baby , wet surface make a dangerous area for baby . The terrycloth is perfect because after after bath , it soaks up the water and the surface is not slippery at all .
 This is a good buy at an affordable price , necessary for everybody with an infant , or toddler still in diapers . Bright colors appeal to the wee ones .
 Igot this product on time . Was exactly what we needed for their changing table . The color fits well with their bedroom and it 's good quality as well . I 've washed it so many times and it still has it softness and color ! Great !
 This color is very vibrant and that 's what we wanted . It fit our changing table pad , which we also purchased through amazon . It looks great !
 these are small enough for a newborn would not buy if you have older babies unless you want to use them as a burp rags .
 It kinda have a tart taste ... Like a sweet tart ... Not really that bad ... My nails grow out of control ... and my hair itch ... I notice that my eye lashes itch and my eyebrows too ... in this Ive have notice thicker hair in those areas ... I am on my second bottle and have been using it for 2 months now ... Will buy more !
 This product is great for someone needing more energy and just do n't want to swallow horse sized pills . Love it and will continue to use this product .
 I love this drink . Makes me have more energy ! :-RRB- I am glad that I have found out about it !
 I chose this rating because I chose this product for increased energy which it does . I only have to take one ounce per day and it works better than any five hour energy drink .
 Bought this product for its energy benefits . It gave me energy all day and it made my hair and nails grow . I noticed a change when I ran out of product . But now , I keep extra stock in my home .
 I brought this after I saw the youtube video with the african american woman . It taste pretty good and I think its helping with my hair growth . I do however take other vitamins in pill form as well as this drink so I ca n't only attribute this to my hair growth and strong nails but it 's not hurting it . I 've been drinking it for about a month now . I 'm now on my second bottle . I only wish they sold it at a local health food stores like Vitamin Shoppee or GNC . I would definitley buy this product again .
 Very good . Meet my expectation . I bought it for my hair growth and it 's been wonderful . Gives me energy too . Helps me sleep at night and faded my dark spot on my face
 it does wonders on my hair growth i love it and it a must mineral to take go head and try it
 I switched from my GNC multivitamin to this . I enjoy all the natural benefits it has to offer . It took me a while to go through caffeine withdrawals from my other multivitamin , but now I 'm mellow , non jittery , level minded and still have energy to finish the day . And by day I mean waking up at 4 , taking care of a toddler , going to work , then school , then home for cooking , cleaning , bathing and all that other stuff . So this is the truth !! I love it !!
 Other liquid mineral products are rather gross , this one is great , my sons -LRB- 8 and 12 -RRB- and I use it without disgust !
 I have just recently starting taking Mineral Rich and I love it . I was surprised that it taste good , but it makes me feel more energetic .
 I love this product . In fact I LOVE this entire line . You must be careful when you buy your supplements . This is a line you can trust . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My friend likes supplements and wanted this one in particular ; so I got it . It arrived quickly after I placed my order , but she has not told me if she likes it .
 So far its ok but I havent been taking it that long to give a better review . Ive only been taking for 3 weeks now .
 Mineral Rich is a must have for me . I listened to Maureen Salaman speak about it many years ago , telling of all the benefits of taking it , not only internally , but outwardly , skin , hair and nails , so I ordered not one bottle , but a case of six bottles , and I could n't believe the difference in my hair . It was very strengthening to my thinning hair , stimulating new hair growth , and giving my hair new shine and bounce . My hairdresser even asked me what I was doing to make my hair so healthy . I told her it was Mineral Rich . When I run out of it , I can certainly see a differance in my hair . I look at it this way , if something I am taking is having a positive effect on my hair , skin and nails , then I know it is doing something good on the inside . I love this stuff and do n't want to ever be without it . My daughter is now using it , and I definitely can see a change in her thinning hair . It has thickened on top , and her natural dark hair color has come back . I could n't believe it when I saw her last . I just kept staring at her hair , in disbelief . This product is amazing , and I highly recommend it .
 I have been struggling with my depression and anxiety for almost 10 years . I was looking for a natural remedy that would help me ease or improve my mood . This one helped me after taking it continuously for 5 days . I took 2 tbsp in the morning and noticed a big difference with my mood . I usually cant sleep at night because I have a lot things going on in my mind but this one has made me sleep like a baby . I also have found peace within me and was n't feeling the stress anymore . This product has the highest Vitamin B12 in the market.The top 5 health benefits of vitamin B 12 are : It is needed to convert carbohydrates into glucose in the body , thus leading to energy production and a decrease in fatigue and lethargy in the body.It helps in healthy regulation of the nervous system , reducing depression , stress , and brain shrinkage.It helps maintain a healthy digestive system . Vitamin B12 also protects against heart disease by curbing and improving unhealthy cholesterol levels , protecting against stroke , and high blood pressure.It is essential for healthy skin , hair , and nails . It helps in cell reproduction and constant renewal of the skin.Vitamin B 12 helps protect against cancers including breast , colon , lung , and prostrate cancer .
 I started taking this supplement before I was pregnant with my first child and found that it gave me an extra boost to my memory and just a general sense of well-being . When I became pregnant I made sure it would be okay to take while pregnant and got the green light from my OBGYN , so I took it every night before bed . I gave birth to a very healthy baby boy and continued taking it on a regular basis , even while nursing . When we were out of the MineralRich I 'd notice a difference in decreased production while nursing , but once I 'd get my next dose , then everything was back to normal . My son has grown to be a very bright student -LRB- top of his class -RRB- and as a toddler he was even saying our phone number when he was two years old -LRB- unpracticed -RRB- ! Both of my kids were raised on this and have thrived in every way . My teenage daughter is very athletic and health-concious and has begun to take this as part of her after workout vitamin regime.I 'm VERY happy with this product and have been taking it since 1996 . I was disappointed that my local GNC stopped carrying it and they started to sell a different version of it instead , but it was n't the same . Now that I 've found it on Amazon I 'll hopefully never have to go without it or have to use other wanna-be versions of this product again . Thank you Maximum Living for making this product , my family loves it !
 We used this as part of a behavior program that recommended supplements . When we added it , the changes were phenomenal . His rages were fewer in frequency and not as bad . He was able to handle things in life and started understanding social things that he did n't `` get '' before . He became nicer . It did n't cure autism or anything , but it did improve life by a good 40 % , and I 'll take that any day of the week !
 I used this product throughout my sixth pregnancy and can easily say this is the best pregnancy I 've had . It has helped TREMENDOUSLY with night leg cramps . I think the magic is the 4:1 ratio of magnesium and calcium . I ran out and tried to substitute with magnesium pills taken with a glass of milk . No way -- back to bad leg cramps every night until my Mineral Rich arrived . Needless to say , I 'm making sure I wo n't be running out again !
 I suffer from neuropathy which I know can be helped by B vitamins . So I tried Mineral Rich - it definitely has helped my symptoms . I have to say though , I would only take 1/2 of the dosage they recommend as it is very strong and can be a little rough on the stomach so definitely follow up with a glass of water after taking it . Very good product and a good source of Vitamin B-12 .
 For all the ladies who saw the African American woman 's youtube video : I purchased this product with the efforts that my hair would grow as long as hers -LRB- waist length -RRB- . I am not on my second bottle , the first bottle lasted me well over 2 months taking 2 sips a day . After going through the first bottle I must say I did see a change in my hair texture , length and strength . I can not contribute it to this item entirely since I do have a consistent hair care regimen , and religiously do my deep treatments , masks and what not . However , I did notice an increase in hair growth -LRB- else where -RRB- as well as my head , most notably at the crown of my scalp where I have slight psoriasis which comes and goes from time to time . The taste of the item is n't bad at all , resembles a slightly unsweetened juice . I usually drink it straight from the bottle but you have the option to mix with water . As for its intended use -LRB- energy -RRB- I did not see much of a difference , and I am one exhausted person looking for a natural alternative aside from coffee to make me feel awakened . I think this product that must be used on a daily basis like many supplements for a long period of time to see significant results . I will continue to buy .
 cant wait to see the results a month later ... I already know this is going to be a reat buy with the natural supplements and minerals that will help my skin , nails and hair since I dont like taking pills this will work very well ...
 yes it is amazin . good for the body , hair , and skins . I love it alot . i would buy it again . people buy , try it . you would love it .
 My hair is very healthy , and it 's a lot thicker , I would recommend this to any one with damaged hair , who wants it to grow , and get health at the same time .
 works i started taking it as directed for the first 2 weeks and had a few inches of growth . will need to keep taking for 1 month for great effect .
 This product gave me energy . Not like red bull or five hour energy drink energy but that &#8220; ready to take on the day &#8221; energy . The taste is not bad at all . Other benefits are harder nails and speedier hair growth .
 i chose 5 stars because thats the max allowed but this product deserve many more stars . i am 40 years old and gave birth to my only child 16 years ago and for 16 years i have not been able to bounce back from that pregnancy in regards to energy and vitality . i heard about this product from a beautiful youtuber named honestylove and really ordered for hair growth but was encouraged also by other reviewers and their writings of the health benefits . i can truly say from the first time ... FIRST TIME !!! i took it i felt like my old self again . . i used to drink powerade excessively attempting to combat that deep inner dryness i felt . it was like i couldnt get hydrated & i had very little energy and my sense of being was almost like a depressed state ... i had been fighting this for YEARS but not anymore im so glad i found ms honestylove who led me to this WONDERFUL product i have already ordered another bottle and after finishing this review i will order at least 2 more as i have put my 16 year old and my husband on it as well . even if you dont experience hair growth quickly enough the health benefits more than make up for the wait because the hair growth will come just keep in mind the product has to work with each individuals body and some will see progress sooner than others as we dont all eat the same and each of our systems will react to and work with the product on an INDIVIDUAL level so be patient in this microwave society and give your body all the time it needs dont reject this great product due to impatience this is one of those good things in life we shouldnt deny ourselves !! i believe honesty love when she said God told her to share this product on youtube because seriously this product is an answer to prayer for me ... i feel so great i sleep soo much better my digestion has improved theres so much i could say ... just give it a real try i think you 'll love it as i do !!
 I love this product . I have noticed rapid hair growth since takind this product . This my second bottle purchased . Product ships fast , and i received mine in 2 days . And i will purchase again ...
 It is definitely much easier to take than a pill . And it does n't taste bad at all . So far I 'm very pleased with this product .
 Heard about this MineralRich drink from a lady on YouTube so I thought I would give it a try . Did not know what to expect , but drink actually tasted very good with no aftertaste . Directions say to take 2 tablespoons per day . I have to tell you that I did not figure out why I began having more energy until I realized it had to be the MineralRich because I am not taking any other multivitamins or supplements at the moment that could give me energy . I believe it must be the B12 that is in this drink . Whatever it is , I have had no adverse effects or issues with this drink and will continue to drink it daily . Only 2 issues with this item
 I love the taste and the many benefits it provides , especially the good night rest ! I would highly recommend this product .
 Let me start this review by saying , I am not a huge fan of vitamins . In the past I have taken vitamins and would feel nauseated -LRB- hope I spelled that right -RRB- afterwards . So , I gave up on vitamins all together . Until I visited my GrandMa , she gets these senior books in the mail , you know that one , where you can order anything to cure everything . Well to my surprise , Seniors rock , these are the best and only vitamins that make me feel great ! I do n't feel sick at all , these vitamins actually give my a boost of energy . I take these vitamin everyday , my GrandMa calls them blessings in a bottle because they have like a scripture or something written on the bottle . I 'm not deeply religious but I am a spiritual person , these vitamins make me feel great , and keep me recharged what a blessing . I am going to have to start buying a bigger bottle , my Sister has started taking the vitamins with me and loves them .
 my hair grew 3 inches in 4 weeks im so happy with this product and i love it although it is very nasty in taste &#34; yuck &#34; but worth it
 I give this a 4 because of taste since I feel like it is very sweet . Unfortunately , I can not say anything about growing out my hair because I am a bit slow -LRB- lol -RRB- and get my hair braided to wear a lace front . So I do not see my hair often enough to see length . I can speak on the growth of nails , and not so much that my nails are growing because my nails are naturally strong and grow , but I can tell there is a difference since I work in a lab and wear gloves all the time . My nails used to get soft and flimsy right out of the gloves and now they are still firm coming out of the gloves and after being washed so many times.I also notice I am energetic . I work 12 hr shifts and used to drink Monsters and Rockstars for taste and energy often but now I rarely buy them . I can even get 5 hrs of sleep and still function at work for the 12 hrs without feeling insane.In the end , I feel this product works and I love that it is liquid because I am sure if there were a pill , it 'd be horse size .
 This product actually tastes good . I thought that it would tatse terrible . Can make you feel a lil queasy so take it with a cracker or juice and chase it with lots of water and let it work . WIll be back it a few weeks with an upatde on energy and possibly hair growth .
 The taste is not bad at all . Pros it helped with hair growth and regularity , Cons it would have to be that sugar is used to help with the taste . I will continue using this product .
 so far it has made my hair thicker which is good for me in the winter time because my hair is very thin . i think i will purchase again to see results over a longer time period . Some people have made claims that it has boosted their energy but I have not noticed this in myself .
 I got this product because I heard it gives energy and can make hair grow.I take it in the morning and I do stay more alert and awake.As for the hair growth , idk yet . I just got a hair cut so I 'll have to see.I think it 's upsetting my stomach though . The taste is n't fruity . Kinda like medicine , but it 's not too bad.I ordered it on Thursday and got it Monday morning ! I 'll just continue to take it . Ca n't go wrong with minerals right ?
 I 've been drinking this brand of Oolong tea for a full month and have lost 8 pounds , despite going on vacation to Mexico for a week . The tea definitely reduces my appetite . I drink 2 cups a day , brewed from one teabag , and the effects last all day . I am an oolong believer ! Tastes like a less strong Chinese restaurant tea , I like it plain , hot or as iced tea . My brother-in-law lost 35 pounds drinking it , I 'm very pleased that it also seems to be working for me . Have switched from coffee !
 Nothing cleans better than windex.I use it to clean all glassware , mirrors and computer screens.Don ' t get the cheap stuff
 I 've always thought that Windex was just about the best glass cleaner available and also served as a terrific general-purpose cleaner . Well , it seems like a lot of other things have been encroaching on it 's market place . Then last time I bought a glass cleaner that came in a spray can . My wife liked it . This time I went back to Windex and picked up a 32-ounce spray bottle of Windex Advanced . Evidently , it 's a new , slightly altered formula . Boy , this stuff is terrific . I just did the car windows , inside and out , and it was about the easiest time I can remember . And it left a minimum of those pesky streaks . Plus it did a nice job on the dash board and arm rests . It even gave a nice cleaning to the plastic covers on the headlamps . I 'm almost tempted to try it on the whole car ! It 's just a terrific cleaner!Gary Peterson
 WINDEX I LOVE IT !!! even got some for my wife on valentines day.she did n't love it as muchbut its an awesome product none the lessi ended up getting her a stuffed animal laterhopefully that made things betteri just hope she checks under it 's earsi sprayed some windex up therei 'm telling youIT 'S AWESOME !!!
 Works immediately and well . The only thing I would change is to have a quieter spray . Febreeze bottles have a quieter spray and I wish the manufacturers of M9 would offer an alternative bottle that sprays with less conspicuous noise .
 This is a great product that I have been taking for 10 + years . It 's great for physical body stress . Having a very sensitive body with respect to meds and supplements , this is a product that works great with no side effects .
 How much can you say about a replacement part ? It arrived on time , was a good price compared to other locations , and it worked . That 's about it .
 I bought this as a replacement part for the Braun electric shaver . Both are terrific .
 Probably the cheapest of the rechargeable Brauns . It 's very , very fast , cleans easily and fits my hand naturally . BUT , Norelco 's rotary blades float and conform to contours of my face so there are no missed spots . Still , it 's a very nice razor with a great price . On the other hand , Norelco gives less skin irritation than the Braun .
 The price is good with free shipping and they are the screens I ca n't find anywhere .
 This is my husband and my favorite game -LRB- and we 've played quite a few -RRB- . This game is so enjoyable and challenges you to explore each other in new ways and in new places in the house . I would suggest this game to any couple !
 Very good quality changing pad cover . We have a flat changing pad , and it 's difficult to find covers to fit it . This one works well , although it 's not elasticized all the way around . The cotton is good quality , though , and the selection of colors is excellent .
 So far so good . Washed once to make sure all chemicals are out and no tearing up . It is very tight so it makes thinner flat mattresses bow up a little .
 I washed and dried the cover as soon as I got it and now it does n't really fit the way it should . Otherwise , it is a good color and it will do the job .
 Bought this for our flat changing pad , which it fits . However , it 's very cheaply made , not . Like the plush contoured pads . Was expecting it to be a little thicker than it is , but still gets the job done .
 I like this cover . Unlike other heavy ones , this one is light and easy to clean . Feels smooth on skin as well .
 Very soft and nice color . Wish it fit the pad a bit better , but otherwise great for the price . Holds up well with Washington too .
 Igot this product on time . Was exactly what we needed for their changing table . The color fits well with their bedroom and it 's good quality as well . I 've washed it so many times and it still has it softness and color ! Great !
 This color is very vibrant and that 's what we wanted . It fit our changing table pad , which we also purchased through amazon . It looks great !
 these are small enough for a newborn would not buy if you have older babies unless you want to use them as a burp rags .
 100 % cotton is a plus . This fits standard contoured changing pad , even though it says it fits flat changing table cover .
 We bought two of these and am glad we did . We have a flat changing table , and most of the covers seem to be for curved ones . I did n't think I could find my color , but this company did have a purple option . Score ! These wash pretty well , and if I were better with the stain stick I 'm sure they would remain spotless -LRB- mine are not -RRB- . Glad we have two so there 's always something covering the table regardless of how big a mess we made on the last change .
 I had so much trouble finding a flat cover ; all the others were for curved changing pads . This one has been exactly what I was looking for . It 's very soft for him to lay on and the color matches his room perfectly ! Very happy !
 I bought this thinking it was for a changing pad -LRB- there are no slits for the security strap -RRB- . Yet , I use it anyway because its super soft and has quality fabric .
 I 'm glad to see SOME baby items in bold colors . After all - high contrast is what newborns can actually detect ! This fits on a standard changing table pad fairly well , and the material is fine . It 's a good deal for the price .
 This cover was purchased for our baby 's bathinette which is housed in a bathroom . We like to cover the bathinette which is vinyl with a changing pad . The surface is very slippery when wet . Wet baby , wet surface make a dangerous area for baby . The terrycloth is perfect because after after bath , it soaks up the water and the surface is not slippery at all .
 This is a good buy at an affordable price , necessary for everybody with an infant , or toddler still in diapers . Bright colors appeal to the wee ones .
 Thanks to eShave 's Shaving Cream in the delicious scent of fake almonds , I had the closest shave of my life . I ca n't stop touching my legs . Silk!Even a crappy disposable razor gave me a good shave with this stuff . A +
 Once I started using &#34; top shelf &#34; shave products , I decided I would never go back to drugstore brands . The almond scent is pleasant . I would recommend this item and would buy again .
 I thought this was the Almond aftershave cream but was the shaving cream . Opened it and could n't return it , so I used it and was very happy with the smoothness it provides . A little price but worth it . I reccomend the entire Eshave product line .
 I must admit that I was a little skeptical to purchase this product because I did n't know if it would help my breathing during running . I have exercised induced asthma and currently use an inhaler but still struggle with my breathing especially during humid days . The device requires you to breath from your diaphragm vs. chest breathing which is the correct form when running . I never knew that I was not breathing correctly . I also believe for this device to really be effective , one must use at least twice a day as the instructions indicate . I also use right before I go out for a run too . The device does n't come with many instructions on how to utilize . However , there are several instructions on youtube.com I believe the powerlung has helped me with running .
 I ca n't do without Solu-C . I 've taken 2 every single day for 15 years . Ordering it through Swanson on Amazon is the best deal on this product .
 I have been ordering these supplements for the past 18 months and have never had a problem with fulfillment/shipping . I always receive my order quickly . As for the health benefits , I 'm very pleased with the results . I recommend this product and vendor .
 Nice pleasent smelling , not to oily but oily enough ... , Absorbed well in to the skin , but washes off easy , would buy again
 I had used one of these before and was pleased . Instant results are evident and within a week my teeth were significantly whiter . Some initial irritation my be expected but diminishes after a couple of applications . I am very pleased with the product .
 I love Digestive Advantage 's once-a-day chewable lactose intolerance tablets for kids . It works as well as Lactaid chewables , but it 's so much more convenient . My child just takes 1 each morning and does n't need to carry a supply of them and remember to take 1 with each dairy serving . And it 's much less expensive , too . I love it !
 My daughter is severely lacotse intolerant and we can not find this good tasting -LRB- better alternative to lactaid -RRB- in town anywhere . So , we buy it in bulk . I accidentally used another vendor on Amazon the time before last when we ordered . However , this time , we found this vendor again . They are by far the best choice . They delivered quickiest and their prices are better if you are buying in bulk . Thank you !
 This pill has been a miracle for our son . His pediatrician approved it for him at 18 months and we have been using it ever since . We have to use 2 pills a day , but he likes the taste and eagerly chews them first thing in the morning . We have absolutely no problems for the rest of the day . He always fought us on the Lactaid pills , so those never worked for us . I highly recommend these .
 We started using this medication for our daughter when we weaned her off of baby formula . We are extremely pleased with it . We do still give her lactose free milk but she can eat whatever other dairy products she wants . Our only problem is we can not find it anywhere in Canada so we need to have it shipped in from a foreign supplier :-LRB- . Other than that we are very happy .
 My daughter who has lactose intolerance takes these . It 's just once per day in the morning and we never have to worry about her belly bothering her . It is so much easier than keeping Lactaid on hand all the time and having one before each meal .
 2 of my 4 kiddos are lactose intolerant , and these pills have been the best thing for them ! I love the convenience of a once a day pill , w / the other pills on the market they have to take one -LRB- or sometimes two -RRB- every time they eat dairy - but once a day dosing is so much easier for our busy family . I also love that these pills protect against hidden dairy also , since nearly every boxed prodcut we seem to buy has some type of milk in it -LRB- like casein or whey -RRB- . My boys used to have issues w / bloating , cramping , and loose bowels anytime they had any dairy , but since taking the Digestive Advantage , they never have those issues anymore . The fact that the pills taste great is also a big plus for us ! We 've bought other medications in the past that tasted horrid , so they would n't take them - which did n't help them of course , and just wasted our money . But again , that 's not the case with these.These pills work great , taste great , and are a great price - not much else to say !
 This product is great for school age children . My daughter takes it once a day before school and it works great . She now has no problem with any kind of dairy products .
 What a great product . When we finally realized what was causing my son 's discomfort , we started buying Lactaid milk . But , that only worked at home . At school & on the go , frequent stomacheaches , and potty breaks were a way of life . Then , a neighbor told me about Digestive Advantage for kids -LRB- I feel like a commercial -RRB- . She had just bought a case of it after finding it worked for her daughter . I tried it for my son , and it was amazing . After the first day we noticed a difference . He no longer came home from school and ran to the bathroom . He could drink the milk at the cafeteria . And , the most important thing for him , he could eat pizzeria pizza on pizza day at school and not feel sick . We love it . And , if I ever forget to give it to him before breakfast , he is right there to remind me before he ever drinks his milk . He still remembers what it was like before .
 but not a high concentration - - you need to take 2 three times a day , which is a little too much for me , when you can buy glucosamine you take only once a day . The tablets are very easy to swallow and easily digested however
 The Osteo Bi-flex old product without the so-called `` advanced '' ingredients which cause a severe reaction is excellent . I plan to order it forever .
 OMG ! Had recurrent back injury treated sucessfully for a while with chiro but reinjured , had one epidural which made it worse . Had to have surgery , continued to have problems for a few years including several epidurals and , of course , RXs . Docs told me I needed MORE back surgery in the SAME place due to scar tissue from the surgery/injury/epidurals and DDD -LRB- degenerative disk disease -RRB- which was then affecting other places in my spine . I was almost totally disabled.My very large , aging dog was having trouble ambulating due to arthritis . Saw a magazine ad on OBF , thought I 'd try it on the dog and was AMAZED . Two months later the dog was running/jumping again so I thought I 'd see if it would help with my back.It fixed my back , it fixed a very severe case of TMJ I had -LRB- the docs wanted to replace my jaw with an artificial one -LRB- of course ! Cut , cut , cut . -RRB- But it also fixed the plantar fascitis I 'd been spending a fortune on at the podiatrist 's office trying to remedy as well as having to wear `` special '' EXPENSIVE shoes.That was 2005 and you would never know I ever had a problem with my back , jaw or feet . I no longer have to use my handicap parking placard , wheel chair cart , can take my new dog walking 2 miles a day , load firewood , haul it and manually split it with a sledge hammer . I quit taking it several years ago because I was doing so well -LRB- plus I 'd found out about the magnesium stearate that 's in OBF tablets -RRB- but little aches creeping up and looking for powder/liquid without the magnesium stearate that the pill form has.I 've recommended OBF to so many people who had bone/joint problems that were amazed that they could reverse their condition completely so quickly . At least one of them had to use a walker and had been scheduled for bilateral knee replacement . Recommended OBF to her and 3 months later she could ambulate easily and pain free.OBF is a simple nutritional supplement . We either do not eat a healthy diet or the produce/fruits we do eat have been tampered with -LRB- GMO -RRB- , tainted with pesticides or simply lacking in nutrition because grocery store produce loses valuable nutrients during the travel time being transported half way across the country . -LRB- I ca n't say ENOUGH for locally-grown produce . -RRB- GMO crops , which are so unhealthy are becoming more prevalent in AgriBiz as well .
 We love these vitamins . They are all natural and they taste great . My mother swears by the adult vitamins and minerals from this brand name .
 I 've been a nurse for 33 years , and presently focus in wound care for homecare . I have a patient who had a massive bed sore . We used wound vacs with some sucess but he kept going back into the hospital with re-infections . Eventually he left one wound care center and found another , who ordered Anasept spray . Within 2 months this , I believe , has made more improvement in his healing than any previous method used . Though it obviously is n't the ONLY thing I attribute to his healing , -LRB- diet and pressure prevention impetitive -RRB- this product is the best for cleaning and staving off infection . I now have it in my bag and recommend it to any MD who asks for wound cleanser as a treatment . So many other wound cleansers are mild and do NOT aid in the prevention of sepsis . I am sold . As well as my patient .
 This is the best brush I 've had yet . has n't fallen apart like some of my cheaper ones .
 This is the best badger brush that I purchased , with shaving soap it lathers on the face great . I was very pleased with it , and would highly recommened it to anyone who is looking to buy a great badger brush .
 This is a nice brush . It really made my shave that much better . That and some nice shaving soap/cream is all you need !
 Us older folks need floss all the time . I 've been looking for singles like this for some time ... since crest stopped marketing glide singles .
 Item fits well and slips down only slightly during Tennis play . Needs to be re-adjusted after every few games and keeps the knee from pain during quick movements ,
 Bought this brace for BOTH knees as I am getting back into skiing with my kids -LRB- I have not been on skis in 20 + years -RRB- and I have a torn meniscus and a partially torn Medial Cruciate Ligament . My orthopedic surgeon recommended a level 3 brace for preventing additional injury and thusfar it has been working as advertised .
 Ordered due to knee dislocation and needed a better brace than dr provided . Ordered this after research and reading reviews . The sizing in the packaging is different that on their site but it fits perfect , I say go with website . It does not breathe like the one my dr provided but with the material it is made of it wouldnt and I knew that before purchase . It will be very easy to clean so this is not an issue . I wear it at least 6 + hours a day and it is comfortable , I do give myself some breaks in there to let it air out . Would reccomend to anyone needing this type of brace .
 I have a bad knee from an old ski injury but also play roller derby so it was getting aggravated occasionally while playing . I ordered this knee brace and it has n't bothered me since . Recently I twisted my other leg funny and hurt my left knee , without hesitation I ordered another brace to wear . So now I wear one on either leg and my knees stay strong and healthy and feel great !
 This knee brace seems more costly than some other options but it 's worth the money . It 's very sturdy and stabilizes your knee . The metal brackets prevent your knee from moving side to side . You can adjust the sizing to your comfort . Easy to rinse and dry - just take out the metal sides first . My physical therapist commented that this was a very good brace and to continue using it during my treatment .
 Have a guy or gal that needs knee strengthening ? Had knee surgery , miniscus , etc. . This one is great . It may cost a little more than others , although amazon 's price is great . You can still play with speed and agility with this thing if you 're a sports nut .
 I 'm so glad that I have this . I 've had problems with my right knee most of my life , and problems with my right ankle . Then , I started having issues with my right hip . I had months of physical therapy for the hip and it was n't getting better . My knee was bothering me again , but when I tried to strengthen it , the kneecap would move out of position and swell.I ordered this and within 3 days , my hip problems resolved and my knee got considerably stronger . Now , after wearing it for a few hours here and there whenever I am physically active , my right ankle has been getting stronger and bothering me less , too!I like the loops at the top of the brace . They really do help me pull it on.It 's very easy to take the hinges out and wash the cloth part of the brace.My only complaint is that I wish that the portion of cloth below the knee were a little longer because it does somewhat restrict circulation and put pressure on a vein on the back of my leg.I 've been very pleased with this product.As far as sizing , my knee is about 16 &#34; around and I have purchased the Large , and feel like it fits me well .
 I had been using these in size large for a long time and worked great.This time I decided to buy medium -LRB- even though it is a little small forme it gives better support -RRB- . I have problems with both of my knees and as long asI wear these when I do any kind of exercise my knees do not bother me at all.I highly recommend them if you have knee problems.Amazon 's price is much much lower than Sports Authority .
 The sizing guidance was correct and it fits perfectly . I have osteoarthritis in my knee . When I play tennis , the brace provides some support but does not fix the underlying problem with my knee -LRB- I did n't expect it to -RRB- . I think it also provides some psychological support . So it helps but not dramatically in my case .
 I was looking for something with a little structure after a meniscus surgery . This was a decent price and it 's holding up nicely . It 's a little uncomfortable in the warm weather because of the material and there is no vent behind the knee but I am happy with the purchase overall .
 This is a great general knee support . It is easy to slide up the leg with the side tabs , and fairly easy to remove . The suppost gives great stability . Would recommend this support tried first before purchasing a more expensive support for general knee problems .
 This knee brace works very well ! I 've got a weak LCL and this brace works great . Any time I 'm involved in physical activity I wear this brace ...
 I severely pulled the outside ligament in my left knee due to a bad landing practicing a running jumping sidekick . This brace gives pretty good support but does n't have stability necessary to allow for contuinued practicing when pivoting , or turning.It does provide fantastic support for everyday use and has allowed me to continue to be mobile with light martial arts practice . I would definitely say it 's worth the price !
 mcdavid ps II hinged knee support has helped my knee feel a lot better . I would suggest this product , to help relieve knee pain
 I find this reasonably priced brace to be very supportive and comfortable enough to wear during the entire workday . I would recommend this brace to a friend .
 I have a torn meniscus , and this works great to stabilize my knee and prevent torquing.Very comfortable to wear , and can be a lot more active with it on . There is a little slippage , but a size smaller would not fit .
 This Stabilizer I can not open and in video a man did n't explane that . I buyed this product becouse I hoped it is simillary to knee stabilizer what I had from Germany . I was wrong
 This is my favorite supportive knee brace for Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu , which requires a lot of contact between sparring partners . Because it is guaranteed to rub against the other person a lot , the rounded plastic hinges are really key for not having your training partner hate you . The metal squared hinges just do n't work well for grappling and end up tearing through your gi anyway . This brace also stays in place better than most . This is the one I use when my knee is tweaked and it NEEDS support . The neoprene sleeves with no metal supports are good for keeping the knee heated up , but I find do nothing for allowing injuries to heal while still training .
 It works as intended . The metal hinges are not secured as to give that full support but it was a good sense of security and I felt it helped somewhat with support . Tore the MCL and dislocated the knee cap . Was wearing this regularly and it helped me get through .
 I do n't mind the bulkiness , since I like the external armor feel . But I do have to Lysol it after I use it . Yesterday I did one hour moderate cardio on the elliptical , and it was completely soaked by the end of the workout . I will have to wash it . Also , you can only wear it for a couple of hours.I put them on before going dancing . I can stay on the dance floor longer . This design is intended to provide compression , but because of this , by the end of the night , they become uncomfortable.I 'm looking for an upgrade , but something on the higher end , such as a Don Joy , that , unfortunately , requires a prescription , which is a bit of a hassle . This one you can just buy off the shelf .
 Good but a bit bulky . Does what it 's supposed to do and probably the best commonly found knee brace available . Still it 's bulky and needs to be washed often -LRB- after removing the metal hinges each time and then reinserting once done -RRB- to avoid smelling.Hopefully more light weight design and materials will be available soon but this product is good overall .
 I love the brace , but it was n't right for me . I am extremely athletic and muscular , so when the instructions were to measure the knee around the kneecap , I did . My problem is that my thigh and calf are larger than `` normal '' and I could n't get the brace over my calf ! I think it would be helpful to specify the calf , knee , AND thigh measurements where the brace will need to fit so users will know for sure they 've got a proper fit . Otherwise , I hear it 's a great brace !!! I ended up going with the `` one size fits most . ''
 My leg size is 22 '' , so I thought I needed a XXL , but really needed the XL . It slides off during basketball but too lazy to return it . Support is good , would recommend it for complete knee support moving laterally and jumping .
 My wife had been using just a neoprene knee sleeve , but this gives much more support and she is very happy with it .
 I use this brace to play tennis with and it provides great support . Yes it is a little bulky but it does the job really well . Great product .
 I had a ACL reconstruction about 4 months ago . I did n't need the post op brace after 2 months . Now , I am trying to get back to sport very slowly , but I am also very uncertain about how stable is my knee . Put this knee brace on at the night I received it , very tight , but very comfortable . I do feel great support of my knee . Of course , I am not trying to play at a competitive level , but definitely gives me confidence.I measured my knee around the knee cap , and it is 12.75 '' , so I ordered a small -LRB- 12-14in -RRB- . It took me 4-5 pulls to pull it up and fit in place , but I had trouble taking it off . I think it has to be tight to give you the support . So , I rather to have it tight then lose . Once again , it is very comfortable once you have it on .
 I received my knee brace and have been using it for a week now . I was having so much pain I was taking almost a full bottle of ibuprofen a week with a few vicodin as well . With this brace the instability and pain in my knee is almost back to normal . I now only take 2-3 a night when I have to work , outside of that I have very little pain at all . This knee brace has allowed me to get a big part of my life back . If I could give it 10 stars I would in a heart beat .
 I 've played tennis once and futbol once , and so far so good . it keeps my knee tight depite the fact my lateral ligament is unstable . The bad thing is that i asked for the large one and it fits loose in my leg . it should 've been medium , but i did n't know how choose the right one . now i have to pull it up my leg many times every time i use it . i think i 'll have it fixed it.i hope it keeps doing a good job for long time
 My husband loves this knee brace . He has had surgury on his knee twice and this has offered the best support . It feels like his knee is as close to 100 % as it has ever been.Plus they were very fast in shipping my order and the price is lower than I have found at any sporting goods store .
 I first found this item at my local Walgreen 's . It is wonderful to tuck these away in your purse , pocket , suitcase or desk drawer . The packaging saves space . Very hygenic . Obviously Dr. Ken has thought this product out well . If you want to be able to floss while not at home , buy this , you wo n't regret it .
 This is one of the best Magnesium supplements I 've tried . Very absorbable . I need to take far less of this than other brands in order for it to be effective . I have n't found one better than this other than powder mix . Peter Gillham 's Natural Calm is EXCELLENT powder mix if you want to drink your magnesium supplement Natural Calm 16 Oz by Peter Gillham 's Natural Vitality . It tastes great and does n't have any sugar in it , how cool is that ?! But for a pill/capsule form of magnesium , this is excellent .
 Fantastic product , fantastic price ! I work for ophthalmologists that deal with patients with macular degeneration and have increasing difficulty with reading . The flat bottom of the dome allows the patients to read without the difficulty of a magnifying glass that has to be moved just so to get the optimum amount of light . The clear dome allows light from all sides to get in with less effort . Patients who have sampled my office dome were amazed and ready to order .
 This item is very handy . Images are not distorted and the optics are clear and easily legible . I would purchase this item again . The fact that it is not made of glass is a plus as this material , when made properly , is not subject to chipping or cracking . You get what you pay for , as the cheaper versions can have severe distortion and are unpleasant to use .
 This is a good quality reader and it is perfect for what I need . I would have given it 5 stars but it is smaller than advertised .
 Very good quality . I can read the smalletst type . Great for reviewing architectural plans printed on 11 `` x17 '' format .
 I bought this for both me and my husband . It is wonderful when working with maps and recipes -LRB- in that small print they sometimes have . We had a smaller one that our granddaughter lost and we found this one which is bigger and better . Anyone that has a hard time seeing small print this is perfect .
 I own a couple of these . . I leave them on the desk . . they are great for reading phone books . . newspaper ... credit card statements . . is a sharp looking accessory on the desk . . you have to clean it occasionally to get the fingerprints off . . other then that . . its great
 We received exactly what we ordered and on time . The product was packed well and arrived as ordered . I 'm sure we 'll be ordering more of these in the future and will purchase through this vendor .
 I have very bad vision . 22/100 in both eyes . This magnifier is one of very few that actually allows me to read small fonts . I love it .
 Kiss My Face is well known for their environmentally friendly products , and their Moisture Shave is no exception . Unlike most shaving foam , which uses aerosols that are both harmful to the environment and flammable , Kiss My Face 's Moisture Shave is a lotion which uses a standard pump similar to hand soap.The Moisture Shave itself lives up to its name , and has very little odor at all . It has a very pleasant feel on the skin , and works perfectly for shaving . This Moisture Shave even stands up to my thick facial hair if I 've let it grow for a few days , something most foams fail at even with fresh razor blades.Switching to a lotion-based shave instead of foam may be a small step for the environment , but it 's worth it when you have a product that works this well .
 I love the Kiss My Face products and ca n't recommend them highly enough . They are all natual . This particular product is great for shaiving . It takes the sting out of shaving and leaves your skin so smooth . It keeps your skin from feeling damaged from the harshness of using a razor . Great for both men and women . Gentle , yet really does its job .
 I have a tough beard , and am always looking for anything that eases the discomfort of repeatedly scraping my face with a blade trying to get a good shave . While I 've never found the magic lubricant that makes the blade glide unfelt over my skin while the hairs disappear , this ranks up with the best shave creams I 've used , and at a reasonable price . -LRB- It 's hard to trust old memories on this sort of thing , but if I 've used better it has been products no longer around or gifts of small containers of products not readily available . -RRB- It 's pretty basic stuff , really . No odor , spreads easily after extraction from a convenient pump bottle , and offers good lubrication . Be sure to wet your face first and keep the blade wet , as this cream is not oily , and will dry out on you . But if you work with it it does the job well .
 I have seborrheic dermatitis , and my skin is easily irritated by additives in shave creams . This product makes for a great shave , with no red skin !
 Both my husband and I use Kiss My Face Moisture Shave . We like the unscented variety . My husband says he uses less product than with other cremes and that his razors last longer . My only concern about a 4-pack is the product staying good for that long , as natural products do n't contain preservatives .
 I buy this from a local food store . I have minor facial lesions that shaving can irritate . This shaving cream does a nice job of helping the razor glide over skin just as it should . Very gooey and gloppy .
 Nice soft lather and convenient pump , I used to use other brands and I 'm sold on this brand now .
 We really like it , goes on like soap , but a little thicker so it is easy to shave with either a razor or an electric . Washes clean .
 Feels good going on . Has a light natural scent , not perfume . Gentle on skin .
 I have very thin `` guinea pig like hair `` it gets very staticcy Sp Static Guard gives my hair a static free feel and generates less electricity . . : -RRB-
 Had a dress that clung everywhere , this can fit in purse great . Worked like a charm . Smelled good , much better than the regular stuff & did n't inter fear with the perfume I was wearing . A must have .
 I had a terrible problem with my pants legs sticking to my hose . This solved it with no staining or trouble to the fabrics . I recommend it highly .
 if you have fine , thin hair that tends to by flyaway . . it is a very small can , though , which I paid no attention to -LRB- travel size -RRB-
 Have n't been able to find this travel size for quite a while now , so was ecstatic to find it on the Amazon site . Bought a bunch .
 These are a lot of vitamins for very little money . Turns your pee super orange even more than other vitamin Bs I 've tried . It 's kinda funny .
 I have tried MANY different brands and flavors of lo-carb shakes over my 2 decades of weight lifting and this is the best tasting one by far . Usually I do n't expect much in way of taste for lo-carb protein shakes . This one blends well and tastes great . I usually blend it in the Bullet , with crushed ice , 1/2 banana -LRB- or frozen organic mixed berries -RRB- and 11/2 scoops of this whey powder . It 's like a treat after working out ... or for a pre breakfast snack .
 I recently had a large amount of pain from my tennis elbow and I needed some sort of support to decrease the pain . So far it has been great . It keeps my elbow warm which helps increase blood flow and it also restricts my motion to help keep from over-stretching and overuse . Very useful tool for any elbow pain . Very pleased .
 This is a great brace for the money . I 've tried all kinds for my `` tennis elbow '' and this seems to be the only one that really seems to help . It 's not totally pain-free tennis playing , but much better with this brace in place ! The only downfall seems to be it 's lasting power . I 've gone through 3 in the last year and a half . I play tennis about 4 days a week ... so it could be just overuse . Anyway ... I keep buying them so I must like them !
 This item was very well made ; it just did not come in a size that fit my arm .
 My daughter loves this `` huggy '' or `` clutch '' but I dont think it would make a good burp cloth . The diamond pattern is very soft and I would think it would just run off instead of absorbing but hey whatever ! I am giving it a 5 star because it is a great security blanket for Anna Kate and she wont leave home without it .
 We have three of these BackJack Back Support chairs and have had them for a few years . They are great , especially for folks like me who naturally like to sit on the floor to read the paper -LRB- the floor is biggest table in the house after all -RRB- or watch television . The chair supports your entire back sitting almost straight up at about a 110 degrees when the short end is parallel to the floor and the tall end is up . However you can flip it so that the long side is at about a 40 degree angle to the floor and recline against it with your head elevated . Either way , your seat area or back are cushioned by the padded foam seat which is also covered in durable , washable soft canvas .
 These tests worked just as well as the more expensive store bought tests . The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because , I would n't give the name brand tests 5 stars either . Too hard to tell if a very visable yet slightly lighter test line means + . According to a digital test that I took simultaneously , it does , yet the directions state the line must be the same color or darker . But now that I know this , I think the tests are very good for the $ .
 This ovulation test format is the classic `` pee on a stick '' type of test . Personally I find this style much easier to use than the other type of ovulation test -LRB- where you pee in a cup then put the strip in the cup for a few seconds -RRB- - and worth the extra cost . I 've used these for several months with no issues . I plan to order these again if I 'm not pregnant this cycle.The directions are clear ; follow them and you 'll be fine . Per the directions , and another reviewer , take the test in the afternoon and do n't drink too much beforehand . If you find that it `` never '' shows ovulation , you may be testing too late . Start using the tests earlier in your cycle -LRB- check the chart on the included directions -RRB- . If after a couple of cycles , the tests never show an LH surge -LRB- ovulation -RRB- , consider buying `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility '' by Toni Weschler for great information to help determine what could be happening with your cycle.Just in case someone else receives the tests without instructions , go to the manufuacturer 's website - they are posted there !
 I had been looking for this product locally with no luck of finding it . Was so happy when I found on line . Love it .
 I use Benefiber EVERY DAY . Since the shortage I 've looked for it everywhere -LRB- like everyone else -RRB- . The people selling it here are being greedy !! I just paid $ 15 for the CVS brand `` Easy Fiber '' 125 servings , which I 've been using for a few months now and I can not tell a difference . I am VERY picky about texture/taste and this , like the Benefiber , is colorless and tasteless and textureless . Do n't get ripped off !
 Dang expensive , but the product actually works . I have used Metamucil , but it is gross and I have to use twice as much for it to work well . This works with one does , and it tastes great ! It is actually one of my favorite drinks .
 Works great but way too expensive ! Target has a comparable product that is $ 10 for 16.7 oz . Plus no shipping charge and if you have a Target card , you get 5 % off as well .
 I bought 3 of these 16oz flavorless Benifiber containers ~ 9 months ago , and they was great
 I have so much pain & bloating without Benefiber -- I have tried the `` Equate '' brand which causes me to feel even more bloated and worse than before I took it!However , I started taking Benefiber and as soon as I started feeling like normal again , -LRB- I hav n't felt normal in years ! -RRB- I can not find this anywhere ! If you do happen to find it , they want a ridiculous price for it -LRB- because the Vendor knows there is a shortage of it -RRB- Honestly , who on earth could pay $ 100 for a 16.7 oz container of it !!! I hope the manufacturer gets started and works double shifts to process this stuff -- or , unfortunately I will have to go back to feeling pressure , pain & bloating on a regular basis :-LRB- which SUX !!!
 I use the flavorless Benefiber with the orange flavored as I find the orange alone is too much for my stomach ; but that is a personal thing . Like it very much for the results it gives me .
 This stuff is great ... you really ca n't tell it 's in your drink . There 's no change in color or consistency , and absolutely no taste.But the benefits are unquestionable ... I 'll spare you those details .
 Excellent product that was recommended by my GI specialist , Alin Botoman in Ft Lauderdale Fl .
 Dietary fiber that tastes like orange juice . Keeps things moving if you know what I mean . Setup for auto ship for a excellent price .
 Tasteless , texture less , what else can you ask for ? I mix it in with a glass of water and ca n't tell it is there .16.7 oz of this stuff is enough to last you months .
 Having been using this product for awhile , I definitely recommend it for problems with irregularity . It is working wonderfully for me and is extremely easy to use .
 I ca n't stand the taste of Metamucil so I decided to try this out . As advertised , I ca n't taste it at all but my Wife says she can . The water is definitely clear and not gritty.I do n't think it 's as effective as Metamucil but it also does n't make me gag so I say it 's the winner . Take this and eat one or two Kashi bars per day and you 're golden .
 Originally , I was skeptical of this product and its claims about being `` tasteless '' , `` grit-free '' , and `` non-thickening '' . I have tried many fiber products that alluded to similar claims only to be disappointed in the long-run . So , I figured that I 'd give this product the ultimate test
 As a young woman , I 've taken this for the past several months for two reasons . First , I was having IBS-type digestive symptoms . I really felt like Benefiber had given me a lot of relief along with taking probiotics.Then , I got pregnant and took a break from all kinds of supplements until I could check with my doctor . I began to have daily uncomfortable bloating to the point that I did n't fit in most of my clothes . -LRB- Maybe from pregnancy , or maybe that 's just how I am without Benefiber ! -RRB- Once I got the go-ahead from my doctor to be back on the Benefiber , I take two doses daily and I 've been comfortable and back in regular clothes for a few more weeks before the baby causes actual growth.What I like , besides that it works
 Benefiber is the best fiber supplement product I 've ever tried out -LRB- and believe me , I 've tried most of them ! -RRB- . Not only is it lightweight and easy to use , I love that it dissolves completely in all liquids . You might need to stir it a little more if using cold water , but it will dissolve . I like that it has no flavor , no scent and does not alter the texture of the water/liquid that you dissolve it in.I have it every morning in my green tea and it certainly helps to maintain my GI system for those days that I do n't get enough fiber from food .
 In an effort to get more fiber in my diet a tried Metamucil -LRB- which was disgusting -RRB- and then I tried this . How they manage to get grit free , tasteless fiber is beyond me , but I 'm just glad they did . I add it to my baked goods , milk , juices , smoohties , tea , yogurt , and even my jam over toast or english muffins . It has no taste , no grit , and dissolves in everything , hot or cold . Also , there were no bloating or gas issues which I was expecting based on other fiber supplements . 5 STARS all the way !! Thank you Benefiber .
 This is the only fiber supplement we recommend at Synchrony Health . Dr. Ghani mentioned that it serves to equalize your digestion - loosen if you 're constipated , and firm things up if you have , umm , the opposite problem .
 I have used Benefiber for years and can tell you it is a superior product . That said , in the last 6 months I have found it impossible to purchase in my regular stores . After checking , and finding it on Amazon late last year , I have watched the price double then triple , or more , in price . This product is NECESSARY to some and a shortage from the manufacturer -LRB- due to internal problems with one plant 's quality control -RRB- caused me to contact the manufacturer . The shortage has brought out the vultures and price gouging has become the norm . I 'm all for anyone making a buck , but there is a point at which it becomes greed . I did contact Amazon regarding the extreme price hike and they did agree that there were some taking unjust advantage , but they do not control the pricing of their Seller 's . After necessary purchases from seller 's promising delivery dates that were not kept , I again contacted the manufacturer just recently . I am happy to say that Benefiber should be back on store shelves at regular prices very soon . Until then , I will assist my elderly friends with other products that are nearly as good but far less expensive . There are seller 's here on Amazon I will never purchase anything from again . Not only because of the price gouging but because of broken promises and even out right lies .
 I 've been using Fiber One cereal , and Fiber One bars in order to add fiber to my diet . Unfortunately , they gave me quite a lot of gas that was embarrassing . I decided to try the Benefiber powder in order to cut down on calories . Strangely , it works great and has none of the gas side effects of the cereals and bars !!
 To the folks who put this in water and then drank it , and complained it did n't dissolve ... READ THE INSTRUCTIONS ... . you have to give it a few minutes to dissolve.Myself , I add this into everything . Its tasteless and textureless , especially compared to the other products on the market . A few years ago I got a bad cholesteral report and the doctor suggested upping my fiber by adding this sort of product -LRB- since I do n't like veggies -RRB- as one part of combating the problem . I tried the stuff in the orange container and HATED it , it turned everything to jello.Then this product came out , and I tried it and was very happy with the results . But like I said , you need to give it a minute or two to dissolve . DO NOT put it in fizzy drinks unless your trying to get rid of the fiz.For those who do Weight Watchers , adding this will lower the points value of food/drink if it has no fiber grams in it to start with . -LRB- I asked the group leader and she confirmed this . -RRB- Also , I do n't exercise -LRB- me bad -RRB- , and I 'm not great about watching my diet -LRB- deep fried mac and cheese makes me happy -RRB- , but overall my cholesteral levels have gone down a few points by liberally including this stuff in my morning coffee with flavored creamer , and mixing it into my mac and cheese , etc.That and my bowels move better and easier .
 This product does just what it says it will do
 Benefiber is the best fiber product I have ever used . I have been plagued with a serious case of Irritable Bowel Syndrone -LRB- IBS -RRB- for nearly 25 years . Since , I have used benefiber for the last two months I am free of any IBS symptoms . I usually drink plenty of water , so that might contribute to my success with this product .
 This stuff is great ... you really ca n't tell it 's in your drink . There 's no change in color or consistency , and absolutely no taste.But the benefits are unquestionable ... I 'll spare you those details .
 The product is in white powder form . The bottle received is big and it contained 125 portions which is good value for money . I used it by adding to juice and it did not have a bad taste . In fact you would not believe it is fiber.The effect is good as it gave regularity even by just taking one teaspoon a day .
 I am a bariatric patient and as such my stomach is too small for me to eat enough fiber to get my daily recommended allowance , benefiber has been a life saver for me . It has NO flavor or smell and mixes well with any liquid and even yogurt . I have n't tried it in cooking yet , but I 'm told it is just as good in that form as well . I would truly recommend it to anyone needing to up their fiber intake or who wantS to get their kids to have more fiber ... they will never even know its there !!
 I have trouble getting enough fiber in my diet and have been using this for a few weeks . I put it into `` Cream of Wheat '' , cottage cheese , oatmeal , and yogurt mostly . As another reviewer stated , the bottle does last a long time . I wish the individual packets were a better price as I find this hard to take with me . When I know I will be out all day I try to put it into my breakfast and then add some to my water I take on the road . It dissolves very easily and stays dissolved too . There is absolutely no taste or change in texture to any of the foods I add it to .
 Nothing sexy about this product - but it does add fiber to the diet and is completely tasteless . Just add it to coffee or juice and , voila !! One bottle of this stuff lasts longer than one would think . Definitely worth the price to keep the fiber intake up!All the best , Jay
 Benefiber is the best dookie maker ever ! I 've found this to be better than Metamucile . Even a couple of tablespoons in my water -LRB- and it 's absolutely tasteless -RRB- and I know I 'm going sometime that same day . I use in it conjunction with other herbs and my normal exercise routine . Being healthy has never been so much fun !
 I have been using this product to treat diverticulosis for more than ten years and it works great for me .
 I like the fact that it does dissovle completely , not like some other products that are gloopy . To bad they stopped making it .
 Great flavor and love it!Great fast shipment!Great for regulating fiber!What else can I say , this site keeps asking for more words !!! Oh brother !
 This product dissolves completely in liquid and has no taste . Use it in anything to increase your daily fiber intake . Most people do n't get enough fiber - this is an inexpensive way to make sure you 're ok .
 Since Benefiber is n't available on the shelves right now due to problems at the manufacturing plant , I have looked around and found a great substitute at Target . It 's their in-store brand called Up & Up Clear Soluble Fiber Supplement which sells for around $ 10.00 for 16.7 ounces . In my opinion , it works exactly the same as Benefiber . Even when Benefiber becomes available again , I think I 'll continue using the Target Up & Up product . It 's cheaper and is just as good .
 Benefiber provides the desired digestive results and truly is tasteless -LRB- my main goal in a decent fiber supplement -RRB- . I stir it into black coffee , and it abxolutely vanishes . Good stuff !
 I have IBS , redundant colon and am on medications for bipolar disorder and this was not strong enough to induce a regular bowel movement in spite of taking 2x a day . Due to the expense I no longer use it and use milk of magnesia which works overnight .
 I have been using Benefiber for four years now ... on the recommendation of my physician . As an older citizen , I had the need to have some help with regularity . I have never used anything else because I love this so much . My favorite is the orange , but the other flavors in the individual packets are delicious also , and very convenient to keep in your purse when you are away or traveling . This stuff works ! I have my family using it , my dentist , everyone that needs this type of product I get them on it . A few have tried Metamucil , but there is no comparison . I will never stop using it ! Never ! And by the way . Today is my birthday ! I am 74 ! Nancy Leonard
 This is by far the best product on the market . No more laxatives , softeners , chunky or thick junk to help you along ... this is the magic bullet . This stuff is pleasant tasting and more like drinking Tang or orange kool aid than some kind of fiber or laxative . It 's safe for using when you 're pregnant and nursing and it does the trick . I wish I 'd have known about it sooner . I would reccomend it to anyone who needs a little help keeping their body on track ... just had a baby , surgery , and I 'm nursing and I would n't change products or try anything else even if it was free .
 Benefiber Orange tastes great is non-thickening and effective . Sometimes I mix it with some non-thickening white fiber to lessen the orange strength and it still tastes good .
 It delivers the needed daily fiber with the most ease of any , while being invisible to the eye , like a ghost , and tasteless to the palate . My advice
 Great tasting Tang-like taste with only 15 calories . I however , drink the product -LRB- 2 tsp -RRB- in about 16 to 20 oz of water so I have not experienced the overly strong taste ... and it taste great at that concentration . Nobody said you have to mix it in ONLY 8 ounces of water . If it is too strong , add only half the recommended dose and drink more . The BM 's are easy with less cleaning unlike many type of high fiber dietary foods like brown rice , whole grain breads etc. .
 I enjoy working with the product and even use it myself at bedtime . It feels nice , not sticky or so oily you just want to run wash it off ! It smells wonderful and I get even more relaxed while giving a massage with the lavender scent . My clients have all had positive feedback to me in regards to how it feels and smells - I have even been asked for the name so they could order some of their own .
 I purchased this massage oil from Amazon . We have been greatly pleased by the Lavendar scent . The scent is not so overpowering you need to air out the house after using it , but does leave a nice lavender smell in the room . I am also very please that this massage oil easily washs off with soap and hot water , and does not leave an oily residue . I little goes a long way and a 16oz container will last for some time while still holding its scent . Another feature I appreciate is this product is shipped in a durable container . I have accidently knocked this container off the shelf , it has fallen from a height of about 5 feet and hit the tile floor without breaking , cracking or the cap coming off . I highly recommend this product to those individuals that enjoy Lavender scent .
 My daughter loves this `` huggy '' or `` clutch '' but I dont think it would make a good burp cloth . The diamond pattern is very soft and I would think it would just run off instead of absorbing but hey whatever ! I am giving it a 5 star because it is a great security blanket for Anna Kate and she wont leave home without it .
 Does n't smell like a balloon factory when you open the package - we could n't smell the latex at all . They are hardly noticible when they are on -LRB- at least for me , the female -RRB- , and my partner says that they are the least evil of all condoms . We actually do n't mind using them ! Try them , you will be amazed .
 My husband and I were both extremely impressed with these condoms . Best condom we 've both ever used . Superior to other brands and the best Trojan available . The fit is perfect for him , and the feeling for me is great . I actually want to use these condoms !
 I could not find these in any store anymore . So I searched online and amazon had the best prices . Thank you these are the best condoms ever low latex odor and I have no allergic reaction to them I have recommended them to all of my friends.Trojan Elexa Latex Condoms Lubricated Ultra Sensitive Bulk Pack 12 condoms Extra Thin
 I love the Mineral Rich product . I think I feel better when I take it and it also helps keep my skin clear from breakouts . The zinc is easily digested along with the other minerals .
 The principal beneficial ingredient in `` Mineral Rich '' is 1000mcg of Vitamin B-12 but it is accompanied by significant amounts of over 1/2 dozen important minerals as well . The pleasant tasting liquid can be mixed with juice or water . I then use that to take several other supplements that I use.My 89 year old mother and I have been taking Mineral Rich for years . The benefits are too numerous to itemize here and the quality of the product is remarkably high . The addition of the ALoe Vera only improved the product.Also , we 've had a good relationship with Swanson -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- for over 11/2 years now . The one mistake they made -LRB- an item was omitted from our order -RRB- was corrected in a few days quite satisfactorily . We recommend this product , and this seller , very highly .
 I was having a real problem with being sick . I was just done with it . When I got so sick I could n't eat . I decided to try this . I have only heard good things . It took about 2 weeks and I felt like i had my life back . I 'm around a lot of sick people for work and have not gotten sick with taking it !
 This is a good drink I have been using it for a month now and it gives me good energy that last all day it is clearing up my face my immune system is getting much stronger and on top of that it is growing my hair really fast I have no complaint about this product I would recommend it to people who are busy on the daily work , school , kids etc and who get sick easily and if your having trouble growing your hair this is a good product for that . When I first started taking it I took 1 Tbs for a week to let my body get use to it after a week I started taking the 2 Tbs and there was n't a problem
 This is a product that I order monthly . It help control my blood sugars . I recommend it to anyone who is struggling with high blood sugar numbers .
 I love Mineral Rich . I just feel good when I take it . The other products in this line are the best also .
 This product is just wonderful ! I have to be honest though , I did n't buy it for its energizing products . Instead , I was following a series of Youtube testimonials for hair growth that attribute this bottle their many length of African American gorgeous hair growth . One of them - I remember - stated that at the end of the first bottle she had like 5 inch of new growth ! While I have n't experience any of the alleged growth , I have noticed that I 'm taking less napes through the day and I do have more deep sleeps through the night . This means the world for someone that like me has a hard time sleeping past two consecutive hours . I also feel full of energy through the day and more focus . I attribute this improvement in my daily routine to this product because I can tell the difference the times I 've skipped 3 days in a row.I will definitely continue drinking it - I also love the taste , If I did n't mentioned that before . - I will try other things for my hair growth but I will definitely be drinking this more often ! The company delivers fast and has a beyond your wildest dream and will go above and beyond to satisfy their customers . They have definitely won me as a regular customer . I 'm considering buying in bulk so that I can give my fiance to try it out .
 I starting noticing greater hair growth about two weeks into taking this liquid vitamin . Now I have to also include the fact that I take a Hair , nails , and skin vitamin as well . Before taking this liquid vitamin , i noticed hair growth but this has added to it . I gained 3/4-11 / 4 in hair growth -LRB- all areas in my head of hair does not grow equally -RRB- . I have since purchased my 2nd bottle of liquid vitamin . I do have to report that initially at first I did experience what felt like bloat and gas , but that passed -LRB- figuratively speaking -RRB- . I no longer experience any side effects . I would recommend this product to be taken for health and for the those ladies out there entering into hair growth challenges .
 taste like a sweet tart ... not as bad as i thought ... I feel like my hair is healthy because of this product .
 i love this second bottle saw it on yutube been buying it every seens and will keep on buying thank you
 I have only been taking it for about 3 weeks . I do notice Im not as sluggish as i used to be so Im excited to see what else this is goona do for me . Keeping my fingers crossed on it growing my hair . So far I give it a thumbs up . Its worth a try for anyone undecided about tyring it .
 i think it gave loose bowels initially -LRB- the fist dday -RRB- , however loose bowels stabilized . overall , good product . i believe this supplement along with multi vitamins did d the trick of improving cellulie and firm skin . good product . will order more . as far as the hair , i honestly don , t know whether it was this bottle or supplents . but one thing for sure i take supplent to increase excercise regimen , skin snd hair .
 I 'm still on the first bottle . So the jury is still out . The product tastes great ! I purchased three bottles to give it a fair chance .
 I heard about Mineralrich from a lady on YouTube by the name of Honesty Love . She started taking it for energy , but found that a side affect was hair growth . Since I am on a quest for longer hair , I decided to try it . I already took Biotin supplements , which Mineralrich has in it , and I was taking a B12 for energy , so instead of swallowing a bunch of pills , I opted to take the drink . I love it ! My hair has grown some over the month I have taken it , and in conjunction , I am taking much better care of it , so that helps ! Try the drink , it has a god taste , my stomach got used to it after a week , and I do n't have any problems . Energy is good too ! I will keep taking it !
 If I had a complaint about this product - it would be that it gave me too much energy -LRB- lol -RRB- . I took it too late in the morning and could not sleep later that night at all . I reduced my intake to 1 tbsp and take it early in the morning ... which works great for me .
 I 've only taken this item for a week & I have so much energy . I normally have to take naps thought the day but since I 've taken this I feel like I have so much energy . I love it , it taste great and I can take it on a empty stomach .
 The day I receive this I happened to have been sick for the 4th time in 3 months with a cold . The reason why I ordered it in the first place was because of this and I thought my immune system needed a boost . I have n't really been getting the necessary vitamins and minerals I thought I needed so I thought I give this a try . I also heard that it was good for hair and nail growth which I never really had a problem with anyway so I did n't worry to much about that.I started taking the Mineral Rich right away and in about 3 days my cold was gone with just some minor coughing here and there , but I have n't been sick since which is great since I 'm around so many people all the time . The flavor was good and it did n't bother my stomach at all and I did n't have any side effects like others have listed . I do take it after eating a full meal and I mix it in a glass of water .
 Usually when taking any vitamin supplement-I can not feel a difference , but with this product-I certainly feel better , think better and it has been the best supplement product that I have ever used .
 I bought MineralRich for 2 reasons
 This is a great way to get the vitamins and minerals that your body needs . My entire family drinks it everyday and we love it . I can definitely feel a difference in my body and my hair is longer . We 've only been drinking it for about a month . Love it !
 WOW ... . i really love Mineralrich i had brought this two times i have a lot of energy i needed this for work and i work in the plant i can see the big diffrent in my work and my hair has grown an half an inch and i will be byeing more my sister told me about Mineralrich i will betelling my friends about to .
 I just received this product that I 've heard sooooooooooooo much about only have been taking it for 4 days and already notice my nails growing very fast , my nails are VERRRY HARD and the whitest they have ever been in my life all that just in 4DAYS !!! I am 221/2 weeks pregnant and my prenatal vitamins has n't even shown those results to say the least . I also now have energy THROUGH THE ROOF !!! I also notice a decrease in the lower back pain I had been experiencing daily throughout the pregnancy . I 'm going to continue taking this as I am looking forward to seeing what else this product has to offer :-RRB- I 'll update later . Thanks for reading ...
 I had been having a really strange quiver sensation with my heart . It felt like it was doing a little rumba dance in my chest . There was n't any pain just a lot of `` dancing '' without the stars . Since I 've been taking the mineral rich plus aloe . My heart has stop the strange quivering . It 's really a great product and I highly recommend it .
 I feel that taking Max . Living MineralRich Plus Aloe is helping my immune system to get stronger . I was sick for awhile with Lymn 's , disease and I beleive that it is giving me more energy on some days . . that with good food and sleep ; hopefully I 'll be feeling much better soon ... . thanks to you who make and sell the product ... Kathy Stottlemyer
 I enjoyed the taste of this item and would buy it again . I did notice a change in my energy level and look forward to my next order .
 Purchased this product for my mom . So far no complaints from her . I would suppose it works for her purposes .
 I have sooo much energy ! You may want to take every other day because I started not being able to go to sleep lol . Nails have been strong and long and my hair full and thick . This is awesome !
 Excellent customer service ! Love my cushion !! Date
 Perfect that 's all . Perfect that 's all . Size , shape , texture , vibration , color , enough with the no more , no less . I recommend it for people who have a partner -LRB- not humble -RRB- or are alone -LRB- we should not look for anything out -RRB- . It 's perfect , at least for me it is a good deal .
 Perfect . The packaging was great and the person receiving this gift was extremely pleased .
 Not bad , but I had a slight problem with the mine staying closed . I had to bend a plastic pin to get it to stay locked . I paid $ 5.29 w / free shipping , inexpensive !
 Helps with focus and clarity . It feels like your floating above the energy level of BS . If thoughts are things , then look at this as helping to give you energy and clarity to think good thoughts :-RRB- Seriously though I am a conscious thinker , and if only the world would listen to me I could solve her problems :-RRB- but ultimately - `` their is no spoon '' ...
 I love the product and used the hand cream many years ago while in the Holy Land . This stuff is authentic . The foot cream is the best !
 I tested with these strips beginning 7DPO , as the instructions said . I got a negative result at 7 , 10 , & 12DPO -LRB- that 's why I love these - so cheap I do n't feel guilty testing and testing ! -RRB- . I gave it the final test on day 31 of my cycle , since I was officially late , and got a VERY faint line . I had a leftover Clearblue Easy test , so I tested again later that day , and got a no-doubt positive . So the verdict is - you ca n't test as early as the website suggests , and the positive line may be quite faint . It was certainly nowhere near the darkness of the control line . But at less than a buck a pop , they work !
 I used a bunch of these tests and was starting to think they were faulty . But this month I tested 15 dpo and got a positive result ! The only problem with these strips is you have to collect your urine because it wo n't work with your urine stream like most store-bought tests . However , it 's worth it when you normally pay anywhere from $ 5 - $ 10 for just one test and these are way below that cost so you feel less guilty for testing too early .
 I used these when we were trying to get pregnant for the first time . They are nice because they are very inexpensive , and I felt like I could test daily without `` wasting '' a pregnancy test . However , they did not seem to be as sensitive as they say . I got a very very faint positive line twice , and ended up going to the drug store to buy an early result test just to confirm . The drug store test was much easier to read even though it was also a faint positive .
 I ordered these when I was starting to hope that I was pregnant and just could n't wait to find out ! I tested on the day I was due to have my period and got a positive result ! 3 actually ! I wanted to make sure I was n't seeing things ! This is a great product at a great price . It 's pretty self-explanatory what to do in the way of directions , but my only problem with the product was that there were no directions sent with it , you had to look online to get the directions .
 They work just as good as the store bought expensive tests ! I will never buy in store again !
 These strips did not detect my pregnancy quite as early as promised , but did eventually give me a clear line . They are the cheapest pregnancy tests around and easy to use , so the wait was worth it .
 I do want to say these are excellent however in terms of ease and the company was quick at the shipping .
 I got five for free with my ovulation tests strips . And they worked just as great as my ovulation test strips !
 Due to a blood clotting disorder I needed to find an early pregnancy test . After using EPT , First Response , and Clearblue Easy -LRB- all which claim you can test 5 days early -RRB- and getting negative results , I decided to use this particular test the same day and I got a positive with this test ! My dr. confirmed my results that same day ! I have recommended this test to all my friends
 These little strips are worth a buck to pee in a cup . I tried the first test a week before I thought I thought I 'd start my period this month ... negative result . So I figured I 'd should expect aunt flo . My cycles are long -LRB- 35-38 days -RRB- , but at day 40 I thought I 'd test again . I got a faint result line . Excited but leary , I bought a store baught test and it too had a faint line . Happy to say the doc has confirmed I 'm 5 weeks pregnant . Yaye!Tip
 These tests are an excellent value . Ultra sensitive AND only 99cents each ! Very happy with them !
 The hassle and mess of dealing with peeing in a cup is SO OVERSHADOWED by this price !!! Stock up and you can use them like candy when you 're impatient to find a positive result ! Why pay $ 7 - $ 14 a pop when these are 9 cents -- ca n't be beat !!!!
 I could n't believe the price on these ... I am a very impatient person and loved testing every morning without the guilt that I was throwing away a lot of money . I got a positive two days before my period was supposed to come . Even if the line is real faint ... it 's still a line ! I 'm going to recommend these to everyone .
 I track my bbt 's and just tested positive with this pregnancy test from this company , which was just thrown in for free with my pre-seed order . I am 10 dpo and just had an implantation dip this morning , so it is in fact very early detection for me . Line was faint , let it sit for at least 5 minutes for the pink to all clear , but it was there ! Earlier detection than store brands and far , far less expensive . Also , very fast delivery .
 I recommend you order direct from their website , you can receive additional discounts that way .
 These strips really do offer the earliest response as to yes or no , however the result can be so very difficult to read that you might still be left wondering . Also , they do not come with instructions . They come with a website that you must visit to read the directions . I highly recommend printing the directions off and storing them with your unused test strips . It 's a great deal for the money , however `` First Response '' test strips are so much easier to read , only take 2 days longer to use , and do not require you to have a cup on hand . These test strips are best done in the privacy of your own bathroom , as you will need a cup to do the test and you need 5 minutes . Do n't read the results too soon , as you may have a false negative . They are perfect for the woman that is using an ovulation predictor kit and will therefore know what day she can reliably test on .
 What else can I say ? They do what they are designed to do as promised .
 We have three of these BackJack Back Support chairs and have had them for a few years . They are great , especially for folks like me who naturally like to sit on the floor to read the paper -LRB- the floor is biggest table in the house after all -RRB- or watch television . The chair supports your entire back sitting almost straight up at about a 110 degrees when the short end is parallel to the floor and the tall end is up . However you can flip it so that the long side is at about a 40 degree angle to the floor and recline against it with your head elevated . Either way , your seat area or back are cushioned by the padded foam seat which is also covered in durable , washable soft canvas .
 My cycles are long -LRB- 35-38 days -RRB- . We had been trying to get pregnant for 6 months , but shooting way too early in my cycle missing the fertile window . I bought these strips last month , got a positive 2 days in a row 3 weeks into my cycle and we did our thing the second positive day . Happy to say I 'm 5 weeks prego today !
 I used these and became pregnant within 4 months . -LRB- Somewhat faster than average considering our personal circumstances . -RRB- I was charting my fertility according to the `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility '' method , so I know these strips accurately detected ovulation . They correlated exactly with my temperature and other changes.I prefered to buy the cheapest tests and print out the directions myself , just in case we were testing for months . The directions are readily available from the seller 's website . They keep the cost low by not packaging them with every item.I used small bathroom drinking cups to catch the urine . It was n't messy once I figured out where to hold the cup . You might as well learn how to pee in a cup now if you are trying to conceive . You will be doing this for your doctor every month during your pregnancy!If you are trying to conceive , reading Toni Wechsler 's book `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility '' will help more than any test strips .
 These Ovulation Test Strips do not come with instructions ; however , in the package the company gives the web address where you can find the instructions -LRB- obviously if you bought them online you have access to the internet -RRB- . The directions on their website , Ovulation-Predictor , are simple enough for ANYONE to follow.My own experience with these was excellent . They are just as good as the expensive brands , but at a better price.Highly Recommended !
 I have been using these since we have started TTC , and they work really well . An excellent value for the product . For the women that have been using these and are not seeing a positive with them , have you been to your GYN or RE yet because you may not be ovulating . That is what was going on with me , I was using ovulation tests and was upset when I would not get a + one , and I finally went to my gyn and he tested me for all different things and come to find out I have PCOS and was not ovulating . I am currently taking clomid and I have been using these and they have worked for me so far , now that I am ovulating again .
 The product itself was great , easy to use and very reasonably priced . I would hesitate to order these again from this distributor and Amazon however , because of the length of time it took to receive the product . Not at all prompt , as advertised , and I was able to find another site online that had the same pricing , but with much more efficient delivery .
 These strips were a great bargain over the ones available in Canada -LRB- which cost about $ 55 CAN for 5-9 strips -RRB- . I bought 10 OPK strips and 2 pregnancy test strips for $ 21 CAN . Just be aware that it took about 3 weeks for them to arrive , so if you 're in a hurry buy the horribly overpriced ones at Shoppers Drug Mart or pick up a copy of `` Taking Charge of Your Fertility '' by Toni Wechsler -- it 's a great resource on natural signals of fertility -LRB- ovulation -RRB- .
 Timely delivery and full satisfaction !! I also gave this product 5 stars because it was the first time using it and it did caught my surge and now I am pregnant !!!
 I have used both these and the mid-stream products you buy in the store , and while the mid-stream are easier to use , these are much more cost-effective and the results seem to be the same . I would recommend these to anyone that is trying to get pregnant !
 METABOLIC MAINTENANCE COMES HIGHLY RECOMMENDED BY MY DOCTOR . THIS is ONE OF THE FEW COMPANIES THAT HE REQUESTED TO TOUR THAT ACTUALLY LET HIM DO SO . THAT IS WHY HE CAN RECOMMEND THEIR PRODUCTS AS BEING EXACTLY AS STATED AND TRUE POTENTANCY .
 I had intense fire-drill type ringing in my ear . Since I 've been taking two of these a day , it has been drastically reduced to a very low ocean wave sound .
 My husband tries EVERY new product that comes on the market to help the ringing in his ears , but he ALWAYS comes back to RingStop . He Loves This Product !!!
 I have suffered from tinitus for some time now with it steadly getting worse . It was getting to the point of being past annoying and becoming painful much of the time . I have been using the Ring Stop now for about 6 weeks , following the dosing instructions of taking 4 capsules a day and have found it to decrease the ringing to levels that are no longer painful and sometimes hardly noticable . I will continue to use this product and hope to continue to see a decrease in the ringing . That it has improved my ability to get to sleep is the greatest benefit . The price here is much better than what I can purchase it locally for if I can even find it available .
 It is not perfect -- I stil have some tinitus -- However , it does reduce the ear noise to a more acceptable and functional level .
 I have been using Ring Stop for several months now for Meniere 's - related tinnitus . I virtually have limited or no ringing every day ! And I have been able to save money by buying it on Amazon as compared to the local health foods store . Would recommmend anyone with tinnitus to try this product .
 Tinnitus is an awful problem . Rings top seems to make a difference when take as instructed over a 3 to 6 month period .
 I decided to give this a try for tinnitus after seeing my doctor , an ENT specialist & still coming up with no solution . I have a constant buzzing/crackling sound in my right ear that showed up a few weeks after a bad cold & has n't left for months . It 's debilitating.I take 2 of these capsules in the morning and 2 before bed . It does n't clear it up completely but it absolutely reduces the noise , both in duration and volume . I did n't realize just how much until I ran out of them yesterday . I did n't sleep at all last night because the buzzing & crackling was back full force & would not stop . I am typing this through the haze of noise , and then am off to my local health store to pick up more.Again , if you are expecting this to completely solve the problem you will undoubtedly be disappointed . But it 's worth a try to at least save some of your sanity & reduce the noise .
 After several years of having problems with my ears - ringing , dizziness , feeling of fullness , pain , I purchased Ringstop . The problems have vanished after taking the pills for only a few days . There are no side effects and I feel great . Thank you Ringstop -- you have given me my life back !
 I chose these vitamins because they are made from food products , not chemicals ... I like the idea that they have concentrated vegetables in them , no added sugar and no artificial colors . My kids really enjoy eating them , and I think they do well with these vitamins . I 've tried them myself and I personally think that they are better tasting than your average grocery store vitamin . The only flaw I have found is that they break easily so if the shipper does n't ship them in decent packaging you get a lot of broken vitamins . But I bought my last bottle from Amazon directly and they did a great job with packaging and very few vitamins were broken . I know this is supposed to be a product review not a packaging review but I wanted to touch on that subject because the product IS easily breakable , so you want to pick a decent shipper.I used the Subscribe and Save option to save even more money on these .
 I was sceptical at first , but this product truly does what it says . A couple of these when you 're feeling irritated or nervous , and in just a few minutes you feel the calming sensation . They taste pretty good too !
 I 've used a lot of different natural cough medicines over the years and they all help , but I still cough to some degree after I 've used them . I do n't know if it was a fluke or not , but the two times I took this stuff I coughed once right after I took it and that was it for about 8 hours . I tried a different cough syrup in between and it helped , but still coughed . I 'm now buying the biggest bottle to keep on hand . I 'm very impressed !
 Dealing with infertility , I needed to save $ where I could & these test sticks helped me do just that . I was blessed in being able to get pregnant on my first cycle of fertility treatment & my test detected it right away on day 28 of my cycle ! It was clear , easy to do just like a drugstore test , & cost much , much , much less money ! I have recommended them to my fertility challenged friends as we all tend to go through ovulation sticks & pregnancy test sticks like water & these will save so much money for everyone !
 I will never buy Name Brand again thanks to this company !!! This works the same as any other brand of mid-stream pregnancy tests .
 I 've used these tests before and never had a problem . I 've always gotten accurate results .
 I am now 9 months pregnant , and found out by these tests . The first one was a faint positive , but two days later , I got a strong positive.I 'm a satisfied customer .
 I ordered this after measuring my leg and this itemruns larger . I would order one size smaller for a snug fit.This one slides down my leg .
 very comfortable support , at least compared to the elastic ones I 've tried . No seams to dig into you leg . I could n't find one of these where i live and tired many others that were not as comfortable . If you are very active like me , this brace should be comfortable and provide good support .
 I have a friend who works for a doctor/nutritionist in CA . She checks out all the vitamins and only prescribes the ones she feels are &#34; pure . &#34; This is he general vitamin she chose . It smells like a vitamin when you take it , but it does n't repeat . Recently , I had a blood test , and my Bs were actually a little high -- and I am in my late 50s . Bs are so important to brain function , especially when we age . Taking these are so much easier than a weekly shot of B12 , and they give all the Bs .
 I have taken MM B Complex for several years as I have hypothyroidism and need my B Vitamins to keep my body running smoothly with fewer aches and pains . Many doctors recommend Metabolic Maintenance supplements and Dr.Burt Berkson recommends this B complex to be taken with MM 's Alpha Lipoic Acid to heal a damaged liver or just to stay healthy . Berkson likes Metabolic Maintenance brand because it is a high quality supplement.It pays to shop around for the best price but I have found Amazon often has the best price on Metabolic Maintenance supplements .
 Excellent B12 - Easily dissolves and has a pleasant taste too . Does not leave an after taste in mouth or a chocky film . I recommend this to any other b12 .
 This particular brand works well for me and I use it daily . For me , it took about 2-3 weeks to see full results and when I ran out once I could tell within a week .
 I use Glutamine as a workout recovery tool . The vitamin shoppe store brand of Glutamine is satisfactory for my workout supplement needs and fairly priced .
 We are medical professionals and ordered this because it had a Littauer tip which helps snag the suture so it can be cut more accurately . Used it to remove sutures from our pet after healing up from surgery . Great as a disposable , single use item . We would order this again .
 Until it gets used I wo n't give it a 5 star rating . It arrived on time , and was as advertised .
 I keep these kits on hand to move sutures from our horses with minor injuries . They are durable and very user friendly .
 I have not opened the kit . It is for an emergency kit I put together . Its all in the package I can see everything in there but I have not opened or used any of it . I bought it as a back up in case I would need these things in an emergency . I am satisfied with the kit . That is all I can say .
 I love this lip balm and it has been really hard to find . I got exactly what i ordered for a great price and got it really fast !!
 I do n't use any other wash & shampoo for my baby . It is the best !
 I ordered this after measuring my leg and this itemruns larger . I would order one size smaller for a snug fit.This one slides down my leg .
 very comfortable support , at least compared to the elastic ones I 've tried . No seams to dig into you leg . I could n't find one of these where i live and tired many others that were not as comfortable . If you are very active like me , this brace should be comfortable and provide good support .
 Aloelax and Cleansemore are the only natural laxatives without harmful side effects that has worked for me . I will use them forever !
 Children 's Nyquil is the best thing ever if your kid has chronic allergies and it 's hard for them to sleep .
 We have three of these BackJack Back Support chairs and have had them for a few years . They are great , especially for folks like me who naturally like to sit on the floor to read the paper -LRB- the floor is biggest table in the house after all -RRB- or watch television . The chair supports your entire back sitting almost straight up at about a 110 degrees when the short end is parallel to the floor and the tall end is up . However you can flip it so that the long side is at about a 40 degree angle to the floor and recline against it with your head elevated . Either way , your seat area or back are cushioned by the padded foam seat which is also covered in durable , washable soft canvas .
 This product was great as I started noticing results right away . Six hours is a long time to wear it and I did n't know if it was okay to wear it longer than 6 hours as I like to get at least 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep . The instructions state that it should be worn for a minimum of 2-6 hours ... What is the max ? No max ? Okay ... . When they put 2-6 I assume 6 hours may be the max , but they should have not put the word minimum to clear things up a bit . I did n't use the toothpaste so no review for that . Overall , I liked it !
 I can actually take these without stomach ache and all the pains associated with some vitamins . Contains a great amount of daily body requirements as well . Fast shipping from company .
 I actually purchaced this product at walgreens by mistake , i meant to buy hydroxycut and since it was right next to it , I thought it was another variety of hydroxycut , `` loose weight fast '' who can argue with that . I occationally run 3 miles and my weight just goes up and down , I am 5 ' 3 and started at 141 lbs , I am 22 ... I want to be at 115 , I was starting a calorie counting diet and it was so hard to maintain , in 3 days I lost 1 pound ... so I purchaced this , and in just 2 days of using it I lost 5 lbs ! It 's not hat it makes u loose weight , it his gives you so much energy ! , the first day of taking it , I ran 6 miles instead of 3 and today is my second day and I ran 9 miles , this is the first time in my life I have ever ran 9 miles and I did cross country in high school , anyway this Deff gives me the push I need to work out and I am in love with it so far ! I now weigh 135 and hoping to keep dropping , :-RRB- good luck !
 I started NV on 23 Sept 2012 , with the prescribed dosage of 6 pills a day . I , too , was skeptical about the outcome since there are so many products out there that say they 'll deliver and then you just end up tossing and turning all night . However , on Sunday the 23rd , I weight myself at 189 pounds . With diet and exercise , as it says on the bottle , I am now ten pounds lighter today on 30 Sept 2012 . I 'm not a young girl , I 'm a 32 year old puerto rican and I 'm stunned . This morning I screamed when I looked at the scale . NV has me hooked and I will definitely keep on taking this pill . There are no jitters and I fall fast asleep after my thirty minute workout three times a week . Try it !
 I started taking it because I heard it helped hair . I have never had hair longer than reaching my collar , even though I 've tried everything . I never for 1 minute believed NV would help with losing weight , but I can attest to the fact that my hair is longer and healthier than it 's ever been . I have been taking it for 1.5 years now - and only 1 pill per day ! My hair is now not quite to the middle of my back . Everytime I go to the salon she remarks about how much healthier my hair is . So , NV does have some sort of redeeming value . At least for me .
 NV worked really well when I used it consistently . It lifted my mood a little and made my nails grow .
 NV is a great product to use for slight weight loss . It does not make you jittery like other brands and has something close to caffeine that helps with keeping you going . For best results with it , you have to work out and watch what you eat .
 Both a co-worker and myself started taking NV Rapid Weight Loss to kick start our diets because we needed the energy boost for the exercise . It did work for the both of us BUT it worked only because we started eating healthier and exercised regularly while taking the pills . I would recommend them to anyone who is serious about losing weight in a healthy way . People have to remember that this is NOT a miracle pill that will make you lose weight by itself . It worked as an energy booster and to curve my appetite . I lost a total of 48lbs in 4 months and have kept it off for 2 years so far . My co-worker lost 20lbs and has also kept it off for 2 years .
 I 'm a 22 year old female and I 've had 2 cups of coffee in my entire life . My experience with caffeine has not gone beyond a bottle of Mountain Dew . I thought I 'd try NV for the energy boost it claims to have . I did n't actually think it 'd work ... boy was I wrong ! This is the first day I 've tried it , and I can not begin to tell you how much energy it gave me . I burnt 400 calories on the treadmill in 40 minutes . Obviously with only taking it one day I ca n't tell you about weight loss , but I should lose something if it gives me a jolt of energy large enough to help me burn 400 calories in 40 min . I am not a runner at all , and this is only my 2nd day of hopping on the treadmill . If you are looking for an energy boost , here it is . No jitters or crazy shaking ... expect to be wired !
 NV diet pills are working great for me - I lost 8lbs in a month !!! they work as long as you eat healthy and exercise regularly while taking the pills . It is n't a miracle pill so if you take it but eat nonstop all day and do n't work out , of course nothing is going to happen . They really do control hunger because I take 2 a day and one day I was busy and forgot to take my 2nd pill and I was STARVING looking to eat anything and everything in sight .
 Well , its a kids review but I 'm 21 ... Which is still a pretty young adult . Anyways . . I have been using it for about 2 weeks so far . and so far i have lost 7 pounds ... i did exactly as the directions said except i have been doing moderate exercise . you know talking an hour long walk or doing some aerobic dancing for 40 minutes . i changed my diet so that im eating less simple sugars especially in the carbohydrate area . i do about 20 minutes of some toning every other day and that is about it ... it actually makes me eat a bit more than im use to but it makes me feel full eating anything i eat instead of select few foods . i drink a good amount of water a day too ... it works best if ur drinking low sugar low sodium drinks . and you have to have an empty stomach when u do take it and it works great for me when i have an alarm clock set for exactly 6 hours later after the first one in the morning ... mmm but i hit a plateau and this helped me get over it in my weightloss ... it helps if ur not stressed out too a whole bunch ... when im stressed i loose less weight with it ... but Im loosing roughly half a pound every 2 days with it .
 I loved this product ! My only complaint was that I actually lost too much weight . I had hit a plateau with only ten pounds to go . I lost over twenty . Not only did I loseweight , but I felt great on this product . When I heard that they were n't going to make this anymore I stockpiled . The new NV is horrible ! Nothing like the original .
 I 'm a skeptic ! I 've tried several -LRB- ok I 'm lying MANY . . lol -RRB- diet pills and this is the only one that works for me . I already have thick hair so I ca n't say it helped there . . And my nails . . Well I do n't notice an improvement there . . and my skin is the same . . So I ca n't say this stuff is helping me in those areas like it says it does . . But as for weightloss . . oh Yeah!I 'm 60inches exactly . . And I had a baby 1 year ago and I could n't shed those extra baby pounds . . I want to be 120 . I was almost 140 when I started taking NV which was almost 11/2 wks ago . . I just weighed myself and I am 126 !!! So yeah it works ! I did n't want to take them the first couple days because I did n't think it was curbing my appetite . . It actually made me want to eat MORE . . but after several days of taking it . . That subsided . . btw-I usually only take 1 pill a day . . I 'm going to order the two bottles . . great deal . . My local walmart sells em 1 bottle for 23.00
 I noticed a significant decrease in my appetite and an increase in my energy level . I did not see any difference w/hair and nails but this is a great product I got for weight loss more than its enhancing beauty effects . I will continue to purchase this product & recommend it . You must expect to help it along though . I incorporated a low carb-low fat-high protein diet along with exercise EVERYDAY -- I lost 14 lbs in 28 days !
 Im a fairly new user of this product but so far i like it . Im not hungry , I dont have the gitters and i dont feel like im racing through the day . It gives me that extra jump to go through my work out . It also makes me feel more alert . My nails have never looked better . I like it . As far as rapid weight loss im not sure about that . I think if you apply the right diet and exercise this might help you , If you are looking for something to take and do nothing this is not for you .
 I have recently lost over 60 lbs , and I do n't want to mislead anyone as to how easy this has been , because it is not , it takes a lot of determination , and exercise . NV has helped me to keep on track while providing me with energizing vitamins that also help my skin , hair and nails . A great dietary aid .
 I wish I had stocked up on the original NV by the crateful . The `` new and improved '' formula is garbage . So sad = -LRB- Anyway , yes ... NV really WAS amazing ! It helped me lose 20 lbs , gave me energy , and made me look and feel amazing . I miss you , NV .
 I love NV I use it every day , just one pill every six hours and 4 bottles of water . how easy is that . my mother and I love the stuff we just bought 5 bottles . I Lost about 10lbs in just a little over a month on this stuff . as long as they keep making it I 'll keep buying it !! I would recommend NV to anyone wanting to lose weight . it controls hunger , and gives you a burst of energy to get through your day !! It helps your skin , hair , and nails !! ~ Nv Be Desired ~
 I get great appetite suppression and energy even during the week before my period starts with this diet supplement.I do n't like to let my body get too used to a diet pill because then it seems like it does n't work as well after I 've taken it for about a month or so , so I switch every week . One week on NV and the next on `` Fahrenheit for Women '' , then back to NV and so on . I get good results doing this . I notice the NV does make my hair and fingernails grow faster.I highly recommend NV . The only drawback is I ca n't take it very late in the afternoon because it can affect how well I sleep but other than that it 's GREAT ! *** Addendum *** October 8 , 2012Please note that when I did this review back in 2008 I was talking about the original formulation of NV which they have since discontinued . I 've not tried the new formulation but I have a friend who has and also there are reviews here on Amazon that say the new formulation is not working for them and I 've not wanted to waste my money on something that does n't work.Now I use Zantrex-3 Power Crystals . I like them almost as much as the original NV . You can find them here : Zoller Labs Zantrex-3 Power Packets , Zesty Orange , 30 PacketsNote that I can not take the regular Zantrex-3 capsules because one capsule is just too large a dose for my system and made me feel pretty wired . I do n't get that with the power crystals because they come in little stick packets that you add to water -LRB- much like Crystal Lite -RRB- so I can ingest as much or little as I feel is necessary . I get pretty good appetite suppression with these but I still miss the Original NV and wish they 'd bring it back.PLEASE NOTE
 This stuff just works . When you 're miserable with the flu or a cold/allergies , this dayquil really does the job . I 'm so glad that I found these in the pill form because the liquid tastes so unbelievably horrible , I could n't stand it ! I 'm just glad these gelcaps exist because the stuff really works but I had trouble choking down the liquid . I buy these all the time for my household both colds and allergies and everyone is glad that I do !
 As far as therapeutic stockings go , these are the more most comfortable I 've found . I 'm pleased with the price and quality .
 IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A FUN MASSAGER THEN THIS IS IT ... MALE OR FEMALE YOU WILL HAVE EXPLOSIVE ORGASIMS FROM THIS VERY POWERFUL MASSAGER ... EVEN THOUGH MY MASSAGER ENDED UP CRAKING ON THE MASSAGER END AFTER ABOUT 18 MONTHS OF DAILY USE I WILL STILL HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS ... I AM DEFINATLY BUYING ANOTHER ONE
 I 've been using Remington shavers for over 45 years . This is the best so far . The trimmer actually works ! And the triple titanium head cuts without pulling . And I 'm a guy who does n't shave every day , sometimes just once in a week ! This thing works .
 I like this product . It is the best shaver I have owned . It was delivered promptly .
 This is a cheap and easy replacement for a lost shaving power cord . The construction is fine ; I 'm much more likely to lose it again than I am to break it .
 Very helpful in aiding my monthly PMS symptoms . I will be keeping this in my daily vitamin routine . Great Product .
 This B-complex formula is a good value overall . They are easily digestible and give you all the B-vitamins anyone should need . Of course , check with your doctor first .
 I have been using Solgar for over 2 years now and they are by far the best quality vitamins I 've ever had . You can tell these are better because they never upset your stomach and I can even take them before eating . I would n't recommend taking any vitamins without talking to your doctor first though .
 My son is 10 , and we were told by several doctors , teachers , and many other professionals , he would never learn to read , write , or even talk . I disagreed and searched for something to help him , and found this . In 8 months , the boy they all gave up hope on went from barely being able to understand the alphabet , to reading on a second grade level , working on 3rd grade now . He can even do math , problem solve , write , and speak 75 % clearly from 15 % clearly . This is a truly remarkable product , and I would advice any one else in our shoes to give it a try . Thank You Mind Care Jr so much for showing everyone else what a bright son I have , even when they all gave up and told me to give up too . I knew he was in there , and you helped him let it out : -RRB-
 This product worked great for me after using about half the bottle we are pregnant , , I strangle recommend this product
 Bought that for my husband , wish to be pregnant soon I cross the finger !!!! I will update my review in few days , Update
 My husband started taking them . Increased his sperm count after he finished the bottle . It does take the entire first bottle before we saw an increase , so be patient and hang in there ! Good luck with conception : -RRB-
 I bought these for my husband to increase his `` load '' ... We are not pregnant yet but the increase and the quantity of his fluids have increased so much that we are able increase our activity and with a great amount of release each time !!! I love it!Update
 I did not think this would help the wife and i have been trying for 7 year , i got this and with in a week i have more precum and more seman , i can have sex more then once a day , not sure if we are pregnant yet but request everyone to try this
 After trying for over a year , my wife was pregnant within 3 weeks after using . Could be a coincidence , but for the price it was worth the piece of mind .
 Been using this product for 2 months so far.Haven ' t conceived yet but we still have faith that it will work soon .
 THESE PRODUCT WAS GREAT MY HUSBAND TOOK THESE PILLS A MONTH BEFORE I WENT HOME AND FINALLY WE ARE EXPECTING OUR FIRST BABY TOGETHER . WE ARE SO EXCITED GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE
 I do recommend this product . Thank GOD is awesome . We were trying to conceive a baby during 3 month and nothing , after I start to use this vitamins , 15 days later my wife was pregnant . She is now in the 14th week , so far we now is a boy . So , I really recommend this product !!!
 Before purchasing Fertility Blend for men my husband 's sperm count was 13 million with only 12 % motility ... . in a month of taking 2 pills , twice a day his count has gone up to 57 million with 87 % motility ! Excellent News ! We are beyond hopeful that this will do the trick !
 My husband and I were given < 1 % chance of conceiving naturally after he was diagnosed with cancer in his early 20s . We were told that IVF with ICSI was our only option . After hearing this , we took a break from our RE to discuss the options in private . I purchased this product for my husband to take in the mean time . 6 months later , we returned to the RE for another analysis . His SA showed an improved count from ~ 2 million to ~ 15 million ! We conceived naturally shortly there after ! When we try for # 2 , we will definitely be back for more .
 My husband was diagnosed with low sperm count and low motility due to being anemic . He was put on iron supplements and we were able to conceive after 4 months , but unfortunately we suffered a miscarriage during the early part of the pregnancy . I searched the inter-net to find a product that would increase his sperm count as well as allow for the production of healthy viable sperm . A month later we went for another sperm analysis and the Doctor told us his sperm count had increased dramatically and we should have no trouble with trying to conceive again . I 'm sure his anemia was helped out by the iron supplements but I strongly believe that the fertility blend played a big impact in getting his sperm count up there . We are still trying to conceive as I type this -LRB- he has been taking the supplements for the past 2 months -RRB- and I feel more confident that we will get pregnant this month with the help of fertility blend and the OV watch .
 My husband started taking Fertility Blend for Men in July after his initial dx was poor morphology -LRB- 3 % normal -RRB- . The doctors told us that we would most likely not conceive without IVF . At his follow-up in November , his morphology improved to 6 % which took him out of the subfertile range . The doctors are pleased with the results and have confidence that we can now conceive without IVF . I believe the vitamins improved his numbers . I think his numbers will continue to improve the longer he takes the supplements . I would definitely recommend this product.One thing to mention , for any of you who are not good at reading directions like my husband . The serving size is 2 capsules . My husband was only taking 1 a day the first couple weeks - oops !
 My infertility specialist recommended this product for my husband after my first IUI . After 1st month of taking the vitamin , the doctor ran a test and was happy with the result . 80 % of the sperm were alive and they are moving at a 3 -LRB- the doctor said 3 or 4 is the best -RRB- . However , we did n't get pregnant this month . My husband continued to use it for the 2nd month . At the end of the 2nd month , the doctor was REALLY thrilled with the lab result . 90 % of the sperm were alive and they were moving at a 3 + . This is my 3rd IUI , and I am pregnant this month !
 After a year of trying to get pregnant , my husband was diagnosed with low sperm count -LRB- 2 mill -RRB- and low motility . I did some research and found this product and figured it was worth a shot . My husband started seeing a urologist and was diagnosed with a varicocele . We told the urologist that my husband was taking fertility blend and he told us he was n't too familiar with it , but anything my husband did would take 72 days to have an effect on his sperm . The urologist wanted my husband to be retested in three months to see if there was any improvement in his sperm count and if there was n't he 'd have to look into getting surgery to remove the varicocele . My doctor was telling me if we could n't get an improvement , we would have to go the in vitro route since other fertility treatment would likely be ineffective in our case . Well one week before my husband was supposed to go in to be retested , we found out I was PREGNANT !!! This was my first cycle after the 72 days . I am now just over 6 weeks pregnant and we saw and heard our baby 's heartbeat for the first time a couple days ago.My husband started off by taking 4 pills a day -LRB- as instructed on the bottle -RRB- for the first month and then 2 pills a day after that . I 'm convinced these pills made all the difference and highly recommend them . It was other reviews like this that made me give this product a try , so I wanted pay it forward and hope others give this product a try and are also successful . Just remember it will likely take at least 3 months to see a difference .
 My husband is taking 2 tablets per day with breakfast . He is satisfied with the result with increased volume . One thing to caution is that it 's highly recommended to take the pills with meal . It may upset your stomach if you take it first thing in the morning without food .
 I am so grateful for this product ! We are an older couple -LRB- I 'm in my late 30s and husband 's in his early 50s -RRB- with several serious medical issues . I 'm a type 2 diabetic with insulin resistance and only one functioning ovary -LRB- the other was surgically removed because it was severely polycystic -RRB- , as well as hypothyroidism . My husband was diagnosed with a borderline/low sperm count , low morphology and zero -LRB- the lab 's exact word -RRB- morphology , which means that his sperm was both slow and * completely * abnormal . We were told that the only way we might be able to conceive was via either `` donor sperm or IVF + ICSI '' . My husband had been unemployed for a year and just hired at his new job , so we did n't have $ 20,000 lying around for such invasive fertility treatments . We were devastated and pretty much gave up on the idea of having any biological children.We decided to try Fertility Blend for men because we figured it could n't hurt . I did n't take FB for women because I 'm on several medications for diabetes and hypothyroidism , and was unsure of whether they might be affected by herbal supplements . But my husband was n't on any medications so he took FB , after his doctor looked it over and told him it would be okay to do so . He also switched from briefs to boxers , moved his laptop to a tabletop , etc. . We even went for a consultation with an acupuncturist , who also told us that the only way she could see us conceiving was via IVF . We decided not to continue with acupuncture.Well , shortly afterwards we we were absolutely shocked when we conceived naturally , with no medical interventions or ovulation prediction methods -LRB- OPKs , charting , etc. , even though my cycles are not that regular -RRB- whatsoever . The * only * thing we used was FB for men , so I 'm convinced that it had a definite positive impact on his fertility . I gave birth to our little boy two months ago , and he is healthy and happy!I do n't know if FB is good enough to work in other cases like ours , but the way I figured , what could it hurt ? I only know that we 'll be forever grateful for whoever invented this product !
 I Tried it for 1 month and my Wife is now officially Pregnant !!!! From a skeptic to a 100 % believer in this product : D
 My husband and I were trying a baby for longer than 5 yeas . I 'm 40 years now , have done 5 IVF already and no babies ! My husband decided to stop with the treatment and ordered Fertility Blend for Men . After taking it for 5 months , here I 'm pregnant for the first time , 6 weeks !!!
 Hello everyone ; i take this tablets about 2 months its work.it is really good Product.Sprem going increase and good mobility .
 I love the service . Thank you for the fast shipping and I will continue to purchase from you guys .
 It 's difficult to review a product that you 've only been using for less than a month when it is advised to take the product for three months minimum . My s.o. and I have a Dr 's Appt on Monday so we 'll see how well it worked !
 My husband 's SA came back on the very low end of normal . He did not want to pursue further treatment of this . He did agree to try this vitamin blend though.I 'll give you some numbers to show you how this works : first SA -LRB- post wash -RRB-
 My husband took this and we were pregnant the first month on this . We had n't been trying that long but I had a feeling he had issues with fertility .
 The wife and I were trying for 6 months with no results ... after taking 2 pills a day for a month and a half , we got a positive result . I ca n't say if it was the pill or not . I do n't have the sperm count numbers to prove it . I drank a good amount of green tea as well .
 I took a sperm test a while back after months of trying to get my wife pregnant , while the test came back slightly low or at the borderline . I had to deploy for 4 months , I started taking this and the sperm motility boost the last 2 months before I got home , my wife conceived 2 weeks after I got home . It 's a vitamin and does help . It definetly did its job !
 Had a prior SA which showed low motility and not a single normal sperm , but normal count . took two months worth , didnt do a repeat SA but wife is now 14 weeks pregnant . Already have bottles in the counter to start for next round ! Good luck to everyone out there
 I typically do n't write reviews but on this product I feel that I should . My wife and I have been trying to have a baby for the past 6 months . With no success and some minor research , I decided to give fertility blend a try . After two months of taking the product -LRB- 2 pills a day -RRB- my wife and I just found out that we are now pregnant !!! Maybe it was the pills ... maybe it was n't ?! Either way , I feel that fertility blend helped to supply the extra nutrients that are needed for men ! I would recommend this product to anyone that are trying to start a family .
 My husband has been taking this product for a month now . We have notice a little change . Hoping with this new order for the 2nd month will be a big change . As of this moment I am not pregnant but I am not giving up hope . I know it takes 3 months for it to work.It is worth the money where as you will be spending more for meds that the DR prescribe you . What do you have to lose .
 I ordered this for my DH to use after vasectomy reversal . We have n't had an SA done yet , but DH says it has upped his sex drive , and we scoped and saw lots of swimmers . I will be returning to purchase more once our bottle is gone . I appreciate the affordable option , the fast shipping , and the packaging was very welcome and professional . Thanks a ton ! I will update my review if we get a positive pg test : -RRB-
 My husband was diagnosed with a varicocele that was blocking sperm production once we had already purchased this product . While waiting for it to arrive , we used zinc vitamins and folic acid vitamins -LRB- 2 a day -RRB- as we had been told they could increase sperm count . We had been trying to get pregnant for over 11 months , and my husband had had two semen analyses that came back low -LRB- 14million/mil -RRB- , but with good morphology and motility . He took the vitamin for two weeks and three weeks later i found out I was pregnant ! This was the only change he made in his diet , exercise etc. . He still has a varicocele that needs repairing and he has n't had a semen analysis since , so I ca n't tell whether this product had an effect or not , but 5 weeks after taking this product , I had a positive pregnancy test .
 It 's my obligation to say Thank You to this product and give them a positive review ! I have near normal sperm count but the doctor says he is worried about my sperm morphology -LRB- I forgot the nos . -RRB- . I tried this product , around September , before we start IUI/IVF . Our start of IUI was this month -LRB- Jan. 2011 -RRB- , we already have the medicines we need for the IUI . But guess what , we do n't need the IUI anymore . MY WIFE IS PREGNANT , 6 weeks ! :-RRB- I do n't know if the my sperm count and morphology has improved coz I did not do sperm test -LRB- I am pissed doing the process -RRB- . There 's no harm in trying this product . Gob Bless and good luck ...
 I do n't normally write these reviews or leave feedback , but my fiance/now wife and I have not been using any form of protection since July . . We were n't trying to the point of calculating ovulation or anything like that but we obviously were n't preventing anything from happening . I started taking this stuff end of September/Beg . of October 3x a day -LRB- in the morning w / my breakfast -RRB- and today we took a test and received a positive . Maybe it has nothing to do with this , but based off all the reviews and how I felt different down there -LRB- felt like i had blue balls to an extent -RRB- . Anyways , I would say this stuff definitely works . 1 month in and pregnant . Obvioulsy a lot of things can happen , especially in the first trimester , so we are not announcing it to extended family / friends for a while . . but hopefully everything goes smoothly with the pregnancy .
 My husband 's was on testesterone replacement for 20 months . We were TTC and read that the testesterone replacement would make him sterile . So I got him off the shots on January 20th . We got his sperm tested on March 2nd , sure enough , the count was zero . I had already had him taking the fertility blend starting in February . We just got his sperm tested again today . and count was up to 30-40 million , all normal and great mobility ! after only 4 months on Fertility blend . So we will resume with TTC and hope we get a BFP soon !
 We have been trying to have a baby for 3 years . We did chlomid , IUI , 2 IVFs and all without any success . We thought to wait for some time till we try another IVF . I searched for some fertility supplements and read reviews saying many people got pregnant within 3-4 months from taking them . I ordered fertility blend for men and women and FertileCM
 First off I wan na say that if you are reading this review chances are you possibly have some fertility issues ... let me get str8 to the point . First my husband had a low sperm count and little or no movement -LRB- do n't know the count -RRB- I can say my obgyn said forget IUI and go str8 IVF . However , my husband had just completed his 2nd bottle and was going on to the 3rd . BAM I am pregnant ... I was also taking the one for women ... Please understand my husband was taking this at night because he said it would interfere with his bp medicine . he was also jus taking 2 pills and weight loss was not a option or exercise . All I can say is use this product you have nothing to lose ... Do n't give up and trust God . This product is the inhabitants of the earth ... to God be the Glory for All the things he has Already done ...
 It took a little over a month of being on this before the first positive pregnancy test . It helped with libido issues , and the pregnancy dust they send with it made us feel very hopeful . Would recommend to any couple having problems conceiving .
 this product works !!!!! took the whole bottle and now my fiance is 4 weeks pregnant ! we have tried all year and finally im gon na be a daddy ! : -RRB-
 I will only provide facts . My husband and I have been TTC for about 11/2 years I am 31 and he is 33 . I have PCOS and he has low motility . I had him start taking this product for our IUI since the 1st IUI we had done the doc was able to get about 800k good sperm after the washing . About 3 weeks on this product taking 4 a day as directed on label for a quick start and we went in for our 2nd IUI . Turns out doc was able to get 5.8 million good sperm after washing . I did get my period after the 2nd IUI but as you can see his count went up dramatically from 800k to 5.8 mil . What is also different is he is more sexually active as he wants to constantly want to ... you know . He says he feels like a teenager again even gets embarrasing erections while at work -LRB- lol so funny -RRB- but I can see where this is embarrassing . It 's not that bad he just learns to try to control his other guy . This all I can say about this product so far and I have decided to take the womans version but too soon to comment on that one .
 First , if you have stomach pains , dont take it on an empty stomach -LRB- for example when you first wake up -RRB- . If you do , you can get stomach pains and nauseated . Eat something and then take the pill.I 've been taken 2-3 a day , and my sperm count is great , and motility is great.Started with 38 percent motility - > new test shows 95 percent.Started with 15 million sperm - > new test shows 30 million sperm -LRB- great ! -RRB- . It does work . Also , caffeine is the one thing that I thought would cause a problem -- doctor says its the one thing that helps the motility . . keeps those little buggers jumping ! : -RRB-
 My wife and I have been trying to have a baby for a while . My counts were on the low side of normal after cancer and treatment . Within one month of taking these vitamins , she 's pregnant . Now I do n't know whether this has anythng to do with it but since they 're just vitamins , it does n't harm to try and honestly I am more than impressed with the results if true .
 The product quality and price are exactly as I have expected them to be . I would buy it from the same vendor again .
 If you can still get this stuff it is a must for the lil lady who is expecting . All of the product my wife has used from this company worked very very well . Best of all it made her happy and an happy wifey makes a happy home .
 We use this for massage to help wind down . I was afraid it was going to be a bit heavily scented and thus a hinderance to relaxation . It is just right . You do n't even notice the scent unless you are searching for it . I would order it again .
 The Vanilla Amber Musk scent is warm and sensual and the oil itsels spreads nicely and is not thin and greasy , but nice and thick and smooth . Highly recommended to spice up the old love life !
 1st time I heard and used Arnicare Gel after Dr. Oz suggested everyone keeps it in our home healtchcare kit . We only needed to use one time and it 's awesome . Would recommend to others to try too .
 My mother uses this for chronic pain and has determined that it works better than anything else we have tried .
 I workout at the gym 5 days a wekk and this gel is excellent for relieve the pain of my sore muscles . I especially like that it does n't have a strong scent and it 's not greasy .
 very satisfied , works well on bruises , really like the gell , will order again next time I need itexcellent product
 My wife has been a big believer in Arnica gel for years . She first encountered it when we lived in Europe in the 80 's . I scoffed when she said it would prevent bruising and swelling from sprains . Now I 've tried it and it seems to really work .
 I take plavix and aspirin at my doctor 's instructions and I find that I bruise easily.A friend recommended the Arnicare and I tried it and I 'm surprised that it helps . My wife agrees . The bruises go away a little faster . It 's nice not to look like I just had a match with a Suomo wrestler and lost . Thanks Arnicare .
 Arnica gel is an amazing homeopathic remedy for swelling , muscle aches , and bruises . We appreciate the twin pack since we go through the gel so quickly . Note
 ever since I know and use this product I am winning more and more people over to use it , too ... says enough ? Well , fact is that for any muscle or joint pains -LRB- pulled , strained or similar -RRB- I apply it 3 times a day . .10 -15 minutes after applying it , the pain is dramatically reduced if not gone ... yes , the pain will usually come back throughout the day - though much less pronounced - as Arnica gel is mainly a pain reliever but applying it for 3-5 days it is gone for good -LRB- seems to me that Arnica GEL helps healing quicker -RRB- - until I pull a muscle again -LRB- being very active with young kids and at the gym -RRB- . . NOTE that I am reviewing the Arnica GEL here . . I had tried BOIRON Arnica CREAM , too but that did n't have the same good effects -LRB- Gel is better and faster absorbed -RRB-
 My wife and daughters are ballerinas and instructors . My wife is retired from dance with athletic the remnants . The three of them use it for joint pain and swear by it . When I had trouble with my hip , I gave it a shot and it reduced my pain by 90 % . When my 83 old mother had toothache level pain in her hip this weekend , I was surprised to learn that she never used or heard of arnica . I gave her a tube and her relief drove her to the phone to call her sister who suffers with chronic joint pain.Try it , you 'll love it .
 Arnica is known for its pain relief properties . I know several people who swear by it . The gel is a good topical pain reliever .
 This stuff is amazing . I suffer from chronic wide spread pain , and this stuff is great . It 's a gel so it dries quickly and without any oily residue . I use it on my hands , my neck and shoulders ... AMAZING !! The only draw back is it has a relatively short affect . It lasts a hour or so , but I really love the stuff !!
 ARNICARE GEL TWIN PACK ... YES I HAVE RECOMMENDED IT AND GAVE ONE TUBE TO A FRIEND THAT 'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY
 I did not receive my order in a timely manner . I ordered the product at the same time as the Arnica pills . It looked like I was ordering both together . The pill order arrived within a week . The gel , did not arrive until 3 weeks later . I live 45 minutes from the postal facility . I also pay to pick up parcels . So , I had to pay extra fees as well as make an additional trip to pick up the gel . In the long run , it was not financially beneficial to order online .
 You name it , I have it ... nerve pain , sciatica , fibro . . instant relief yet temporary so stock up ! Worth it on so many levels !
 Nature 's Herbs a brand you can trust for quality and consistency . Practically the whole family -- including my elderly , incontinent dog and diabetic cat -- is on daily cranberry to avoid UT infections . Works great !
 We put this on our 4yr old son 's bed and it has been a mattress saver ! He has wet the bed once and it was quite wet and this cover kept it from getting to the mattress . One time when he was sick and vomited in bed it also worked . The cover would get wet on the top side but never soaking through . The back side is completely water proof . Would highly recommend this product . We got an extra one as a spare.It does get a bit warm in the summer months especially when the room is hot but he has been able to sleep through it .
 This mattress cover is everything you read about . It has a great pillow top , which is so much better than crude plastic to protect your mattress and toddler . I was really worried that if it was comfy and a pillow top , then would it really work ? Yet , I did n't want a piece of plastic up against my child either . It is very high quality . . just love it . Unforutnately , I do n't have any reports on the functionality of it , as my child has not had an accident yet . However , I believe by seeing it up close , it will do the job just fine ! It is the best of both worlds ... nice and soft AND has protection against accidents . I am very pleased with this buy . . and I looked around for a while . Highly recommend !!!
 This is a good quality mattress cover that does the job ! No need to worry about your mattress and it is easy to clean .
 Nice quality and fit . I have only needed to wash this item once , but it washed well . Great improvement over the nasty plastic one I had on previously to protect the mattress from my grandson who still wet the bed at night occasionally .
 does what it says it will . no issues at all . fits our pillowtop twin mattress great . no complaints at all
 We have been using this for my 4 yr old who has prob wet the bed 15 times since we 've had it and it has never leaked and has held up in the washing machine perfectly .
 I bought this for my toddlers bed based on the other reviews . It 's been great and it did n't leak . My son has a different one but the materials on the Wet Stop is so much nicer .
 My kids both have these and they really , really test the absorbtion . It has never leaked through , depsite many , many accidents .
 Very happy with its ability to keep the kids brand new materess clean . Also happy with them not making any noise with movement .
 My son had an accident last night in his new twin bed and the mattress was COMPLETELY dry underneath . I was nervous about going to a regular bed because he was still in a converted toddler bed with a crib mattress , but this worked really well .
 had it a couple months now . It is for my 2 almost 3 year old that we 're potty training . Some nights he has accidents and I am loving this cover it works awesome no leakage no matte how much pee and it 's holding together after numerous washes thankyou wet-stop
 Works great . Kept the mattress completely dry through the first &#34; accident &#34; and is nice and quiet unlike the plastic stuff .
 After trying many different pads and protectors for my five-year-old who wets the bed even through his Goodnites underpants , I am ecstatic to find something that works well and is easy to use . This pad washes well and goes into the dryer without melting and distorting so you can get it dry in time for the next night . I put it over the sheets so all I have to do most mornings is remove the wet pad and put down a new clean one -LRB- we have two -RRB- without having to do a whole full bedding change . Love these pads ! Highly recommend them !
 I bought this for my 5 year old and 2.5 year old . Works great and no problems catching the urine !
 Works great , easily fits the mattress , easy to wash -LRB- just dry on cold -RRB- , feels like a normal cover and is not hot or uncomfortable in summer.So far , it has prevented all accidents from leaking through no problem , I have not tested a gallon , but seems reasonably padded anyways.Just purchased a second one , so one can always stay one if the second is in the washer/dryer . Cost is OK , ours is protecting a 250 USD mattress , for 60 USD for both , that 's a reasonable ratio.Very happy with it , can recommend .
 I bought this for my potty training child and it is great
 These washed really well and the first time my son had an accident , it was completely dry under the matress cover ... thanks !
 I bought this for my 2 year old who is potty training . We went through 3 other covers until we finally found this . I could n't be happier with how it works . It 's water proof with out feeling like you 're sleeping on a plastic bag . It has a nice cushion and has been very durable . For affordable price and fast shipping . Will get the bigger size when we upgrade beds .
 It fits a 9.5 inch deep mattress very well . It is soft and does n't make crackling noises like the cheaper vinyl versions . I was n't sure it was waterproof so I put a gallon of water in it and it was completely dry on the bottom about five hours later . The water is retained between the layers , so you ca n't air dry it . Putting it in the dryer at low heat works fine , though . The sides are not waterproof . If you need that you 'll have to get one of the vinyl covers .
 I bought 2 of these matress covers in a twin size to fit my toddlers `` big girl bed '' . They are great . The cover has elastic on all sides so you get a good fit on the matress without it slipping off but not so much that you need help to get it on or off . It has prevented 2 ` accidents ' that would have damaged the new matress . It 's also cushioned and adds some softness to the bed.I am very pleased with the cover .
 A great product for parents with kids in the training stage . It covers the whole bed , is easy to wash and dry and very comfortable on the bed . So far only good results and I 'm very happy with the not-cheap-at-all product .
 Honestly , I do n't remember even seeing these in my first search for a waterproof mattress pad for our 2-yr-old potty-training daughter . The first two we ordered leaked straight through on the mattress , so we returned them both -LRB- different pads , both with high ratings -RRB- . I came across this pad on the 3nd round of searching and decided to give it a try . Finally !! I waited to write a review until she had about 3 accidents -- and while two of those soaked the sheets , comforter AND an extra blanket on top , the mattress itself was DRY . The mattress pad 's cotton/quilted first layer was soaked , of course , but nothing made it through . Our daughter loves it , she likes how soft and padded it is , and has n't complained at all about any additional warmth , etc. . My husband always lies down on her bed with her to read her books at bedtime and he did n't know I 'd bought a new pad , but commented the first night I had it on about how much softer her bed felt , `` for some reason '' . ;--RRB- It washes up and dries easily , as well . You do have to dry it in the dryer , but I 've been surprised each time at how evenly and relatively quickly it dries .
 I am purchasing my second one - for the newest potty training kid . It is good to keep on the bed even after they are trained for drink spills , etc. .
 I have twin boys who like to take their diapers off once in a while . They outgrew their crib so I got them a twin size bed , since they 're so used to sleeping together . I needed something that would hold twice the accidents . This mattress cover is great ! so great I bought another one . The mattress still looks like new . Washing it is not a problem . Although I recommend drying with no heat , it will last longer .
 I purchased this to use on my son 's twin bed . He 's still getting used to not wearing diapers at night . Unfortunately , I have had the need to wash this liner SEVERAL times . Comes out great every time . I wash with warm water , being careful not to overcrowd the washer -LRB- I have a front loader -RRB- . Then to dry , I use my timed setting with the lowest heat setting for about 45 minutes , again not overcrowding the dryer . Perfect every time . Also , I have not had any leaking onto the mattress . It 's great quality . Knit jersey is the fabric that stretches over the edges of the mattress . Very soft and gives a bit of ` padded ' feel on top . It 's way better than another product I purchased only slightly cheaper at the local big box store for the same purpose ! Would definitely purchase this product again !
 I ordered this product and my 31/2 year old son had an `` accident '' and the mattress was spared . I am ordering a second one for my 2 year old daughter as well .
 I bought this as soon as we put our 2yr old in a regular bed . He is still in diapers but takes water to bed and sweats a ton -LRB- even with no blankets and light pj 's -RRB- It has kept the mattress perfectly clean and dry . It does not feel like plastic or make noise and has been very durable . good quality . I will buy another when the next kid gets a twin bed .
 I bought 4 of these to do night time potty training and they have held up very well . I have not had any issues with anything getting through and washing / drying has been great . Drying on the low setting works best and it does not take long to dry at all . I was worried because I read someone had issues drying . Would definitely recommend product .
 I never expected to be writing this review but here it is - we get older , a spouse becomes ill with an incurable condition and we 're back to protective covers and pads that are quite a bit larger than the infant ones we threw away so many years ago.This protective mattress cover is convenient to use , washes well and I would ' t know what to do without it.Yes , I actually use small pads on top of it just to be safe but before we had those , it was just this mattress cover alternating with a large pad as I stripped the bed in the morning , did that laundry and put it back on the bed the next day.Good product at a reasonable price .
 EDIT -LRB- 12/16/12 -RRB-
 I love the orange and fruit punch ! I drink half a bottle to get me going instead of coffee during the day . I used to drink this in my work out days and loved it for that too !
 This is a wonderful unscented product for those who have allergies to scented ones . What I like best about this product is that I 'm into BPAL perfumes and I 'm able to make my own scented products by adding a few drops of BPAL oils to the mix . I 'm sure this would work for any oil blend , too.What is most remarkable about this product , to me is how unscented it is . It actually does not have a smell . It also makes for a wonderful massage .
 Ok , how nice is it to get a quick temperature from a little one without much if any screaming because ... well just because . These little strips are like they use in the doctors office and have helped me know if I 'm just imagining a fever or if I need to pull out the digital thermometer for s second opinion .
 I 've gone through 3 of these boxes in the last 5-6 years . I absolutely love them ! If you 've got kids , or just multiple people sick in the house , it 's an excellent product with no fuss . The accuracy of these thermometers are spot on -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . I was first introduced to them by my health care provider , who uses them extensively in their clinics and hospitals . My sister is an RN and she 's tested them multiple times for accuracy against rectal thermometer readings . She says they are consistently within 0.2 degrees of the rectal readings . I highly recommend this product to anyone and everyone.Also , the seller I ordered through was KCK Industries . My order was placed on the morning of the 13th , and I received the product on the morning of the 16th . Five stars for them as well .
 I first used an air cushion in an exercise class and knew that I wanted one for everyday sitting of which I do a lot . This helps keep the lower body in motion and is a great replacement for the ball which I do n't have room more . I really like it .
 I love this tea , I almost do n't want to review it and tell others , because it 's too good . For those who are coffee drinkers , it 's a darker , richer tea . Whenever I serve it to my company they want to get their own box of it . It has a great flavor , black or however you want to dress it up . I would highly recommend this tea to any tea drinker or coffee drinker .
 HAVING TWO KNEE REPLACEMENTS AND SPINE SURGERY , MY PHYSICAL ACTIVITY IS LIMITED . I DO HAVE ACCESS TO A GYM AND DO LOW IMPACT STEPPING AND AT HOME WHILE WATCHING TV AND SITTING TALKING ON PHONE , I CAN PEDAL . THE PEDAL EXERCISER IS SIMPLE IN CONSTRUCTION , LIGHTWEIGHT AND EASY TO PUT OUT OF SIGHT WHEN NEED BE .
 My husband , who has a short term memory problem from a brain injury , needs to take pills 3 times a day . This box is perfect with its 3 sections . It is very easy to set . The best timer we 've found and we 've tried many different brands over the last 30 years .
 I take one of these in the morning in place of coffee to jump start my day
 They are SO GOOD . The perfect snack . I have n't met a flavor that I did n't like .
 A friend whipped out a bottle of DMSO on the tennis court and requested I try it . I am recovering from ankle reconstruction . Wow - he was right ! Although I am cleared to be active , I have a long way to go in my recovery and often get a bit sore . Now I can grab a bottle of DMSO out of my bag , roll it across my scar , and voila , I feel great again ! I especially love the roller ball so I can keep my hands clean .
 I put DMSO on my sore , strained muscles after crossfitting , and it really reduces the pain so I can workout the following day .
 The product was good but more to the point is the company I dealt with in getting the product wasw Outstanding , specially the company 's manager , he is outstanding !!!!!! The comany stood behind their product and mailing system . OUTSTANDING customer service
 i first hear of dmso in life extension-1982-pearson & shaw.with aloe it stop the irritation for 1st time users.Dmso & MSM are fablous , check out books on them !! they are all you have heard , best Jimmy Mack
 After usingRainbow Light Womens One , Just Once Multivitamin , 150 Tabletsfor over a year and really feeling good taking them , except for stomach upset if I did n't take them with food , I went off the Rainbow Light brand and triedGNC WOMEN 's Ultra Mega 90 Caplets . I made the switch thinking that the GNC product would be better for my change in lifestyle ; I had began exercising 4x 's a week lifting heavy weights and running . Unfortunately the shift in vitamins also coincided with a change in my life in the form of perimenopause . Hot flashes , night sweats , moodiness , bloating and other associated hormonal changes made me feel ` less than happy ' , and the GNC vitamins seemed to be doing nothing to help.Remembering the Rainbow Light One and how good I felt while taking it , I went to the Rainbow Light website . There I found a questionnaire which after taking it recommended that I take the Rainbow Light Women 's Nutritional System Multivitamin instead of the ` One ' , as the Nutritional System offers ` hormone balancing ' herbs as a component of this plant-based vitamin . I thought it was worth a try!Rainbow Light 's Women 's Nutritional System promises to ` ease common PMS symptoms including mood swings , fatigue , breast tenderness and cramping . It also features three components essential to breast and bone health
 A lot of negative reviews due to recommended dosage . I only take two a day -LRB- in the morning -RRB- and it 's all I really need . I think I started with 4 a day and that 's not a bad idea because it 'll get into your system and start working quicker . Amazon has great prices for this , almost half off retail . I have a tendency to get sluggish , moody and feel like I have a touch of the flu several times a year . This vitamin -LRB- combined with exercise and diet -RRB- has virtually eliminated this problem . I chalk it up to hormone issues . This really balances me out . I 'm so glad I found it .
 Yes , you need to take six-a-day . Should that really be a problem if you read about the product before you buy ? No.This is a wonderful multivitamin and it does n't upset my stomach . Some have mentioned the taste as a deterrent , but I personally have n't noticed any foul taste . I will continue to take this multivitamin.Please do n't negatively review this product solely on the fact that six pills is the daily dose . Be informed that this is NOT a one-a-day !
 I 've been taking this multi for about a year now , and I couldnt live without them . I have suffered from severe pms symptoms for years , and this is the only thing that has helped me . I used to have 2 weeks of pms symptoms , bloating , hunger , cramps , bad mood , depression , etc. . Ever since taknig these , my symptoms have disappeared . When I dont take them for a few weeks the symptoms come right back , so I know for sure it is the vitamin working . In addition to all that it keeps me energized and feeling healthy ! Love them !! The only downfall is they taste really bad , and are hard to swallow . Something I can live with to be free of severe pms .
 These vitamins are a great multivitamin . They are easy on my stomach too . In the past , I have tried several vitamins and all of them have hurt my stomach . These are the only vitamins that I can take without a stomach ache .
 These vitamins have given me more energy , overall sense of well-being , built up my immune system , and best of all , no more painful cramps ! Usually , the first day of my menstrual cycle is so painful I just lie down and can barely do anything at all . Since taking these , I have only a little discomfort on my first day and am able to function as normal ! These are a blessing ! I highly recommend them ! I take 2 at every meal , and all my friends and roommates know how excited I am to take them each day . I think you need to take them diligently for a long period of time to see the full effects .
 These multi vitamins allow me to be the best I can be . I 'm in a financial crunch and have n't be able to afford this purchase ; my body is telling me it misses the positive impact of these vitamins ! I do n't want to waste my money on anything else when I know these work so well . I simply spread the six a day over the course of my day and take two at each meal -- not that complicated . Anything more and I will just be wasting my money on expensive urine !!!
 I can only speak for me on this product , as anyone who takes Vitamins , minerals etc on a daily basis can probably vouch for , we all have different reactions to the diversity of products in this field particularly those of us with stomach , colon , liver , kidney etc problems where the tiniest ingredient can make aworld of difference in how our bodies react , so it always pays to identify the product you might be thinking of buying and read up on it elsewhere in product reviews or warnings before commiting to buy , that way you could save yourself time , anxt , discomfort and money if the product contains anything or has effects you recognise to be to your detriment.For me , and me alone , all i can say is that , i take this product daily with no adverse effects or discomfort , do i trust the brand and product itself to do the job i ` m paying for , yes , i do.Rainbow Light Women ' s Nutritional System Multivitamin Supplement Food Based Tablets 180 tablets
 I used this brand during pregnancy because they offered mini-tabs since I have a difficult time swallowing normal size pills . It would be so nice if they offered minis in these.After using this for just over a month I have really noticed a big difference ! I 've suffered from depression on and off since middle school , I 'm now 26 , and I feel so much better on them . It is annoying to have to take so many , I just take 3 at break feast and 3 at lunch . At first I took these with extra vitamin B pills and I had the runs all day , when I cut the extra B 's out I was fine . These are safe but still entirely powerful.The size of the pill has n't bothered me too much so far even though it 's bigger than I preffer .
 All that needs to be said is , AMAZING ... . as soon as I starting taking these vitamins I felt so much better .
 I 've been feeling tired and worn out for over 3 years now . I 've tried many different treatments , medical and natural . I 'm AMAZED and how well they are working after just 2 weeks . I am taking 6 per day , 2 with each meal . I may try to back down but not for a few more weeks .
 this has been the best product i have ever spent money on !! can not understand why you have no more , i wont buy anything else . RAINBOW LIGHT WOMENS NUTRITIONAL SYSTEM MULTI plus DAILY PROGRAM
 Most supplements really upset my stomach , and I am a big sissy when it comes to being nauseous . These did n't irritate my stomach at all and I really notice a difference in my energy level when I use them consistently .
 I feel better than ever since I started taking them months ago . They do n't hurt my tummy even when I take them on an empty stomach .
 I have been looking for a low dose vitamin for quite a while . I could feel a difference right away . Will be using this for a long time .
 I recently ordered Rainbow Light 's Womens Nutritional System multivitamin to see if it was any better than their previous products I used over the years and I am pleased to report that it is working very well . Yes , it requires you to take six tablets a day , but I think it is well worth the effort and I have noticed increased energy , mental clarity and alertness . Not a bad deal for a one month trial run . I will be ordering more soon and am also pleased with the price.Rainbow Light makes superior products from plant based sources and have another winner in this `` system '' . Keep up the good work!Kathy Boyd
 I think that it should be understood that the vitamins that you take once a day must be chemical , not whole food in nature . How can you expect to get real food nutrition out of a tiny pill of compressed fake chemical stuff ? I gladly make the time to take 2 with each meal , not a big deal really , because they work ! I feel so much better when I take them than when I do n't . I am a 51 year old with pre-menopausal symptoms and the little things , like night achiness , that I thought were just something I was going to have to live with as I grew older , are gone when I take this regularly . Night sweats were much diminished and with the addition of pycnogenol to my vitamin regimen , they are now gone , completely . Hallelujah . I have energy and stamina that I did not have before . No digestive issues either . For $ 15 a month ? For 6 pills a day ? It is priceless to feel so good , and it is not an expensive medication that could potentially harm me . I recently tried a different highly recommended brand of supplement that only required me to take 3 a day with none of the benefits of Rainbow Light Women 's Nutritional System . I gave it a couple of weeks and finally had to switch back because I just was not feeling as good . Now I am a regular customer , no need for me to look around and try other products . I am grateful to have finally found a supplement that addresses my body 's nutritional supplement needs . Feels good to feel good ! Give this vitamin a try and take the 6 a day . You will know with a short few days if it does your body good or not . Good luck .
 I 've never taken a multi-vit but after just a few days I 'm feeling more energetic so I think that 's a good sign . The pills smell and taste absolutely vile but if you man up and take them with something with a lot of flavor it 's not so bad . They do n't make my stomach hurt , even if I take them without food , so I think that 's a good sign . A mildly entertaining -LRB- and kind of gross -RRB- thing I noticed is that even a few hours after taking these for the first time they will turn your urine an almost glowing yellow . -LRB- It 's harmless , but that immature part of me thinks it 's funny -RRB-
 I take different vitamins , can not state that there is any special about this one . It is good . I like this form better than 1 tablet/day . Delivery was fast and easy/and free with Amazon / Will order again .
 This product was advertised in Prevention Magazine . I tried it and I think it 's just wonderful . This particular shipment , however , is not for one pill a day ; it 's 6 pills a day . -LRB- Guess I was n't paying attention ! -RRB- This is not so easy for me to do . I 'm going back to one a day for my next shipment . It 's really great stuff !
 Good product . Lids stay shut . Made in USA -LRB- worth the cost for that alone -RRB- Edited from previously : Picture fixed . Thank you .
 This vibrator was a cult favorite ... Its sister was the sexplorer vibrator and I personally knew at least five women that swore by it . The pink xplorer is actually better than the wahl and the hitachi magic wand put together ... The vibrator is very quiet and very powerful . The high setting is best and offers incredible stimulation for menopausal women or those that need extra help.It is a little miracle worker ... the clitoral nub is not bulky like the wand massagers but just the right size . This is a well made machine like the wahl but not irratating on the low setting and not overwhelming on high . Unfortunately not enough women knew about this vibrator and doc johnson discontinued it . I suggest that everyone who views this try emailing doc johnson to bring it back ... your sex life is important and this vibe is a 110v beautiful feeling ... it can save marraiges and lesbian lovers ... bitchy women unite !!!! Eagleye12
 I had a serious roach problem in my townhouse , and I tried everything to get rid of these bugs . This product was my last resort , and I have to say that I am completely satisfied with this pest repeller . The only downside is that sometimes I hear the frequency , but it is not so overpowering that I would stop using the product . I recommend using one product for each floor of your house .
 I live in NYC and discovered some unwanted mice in my apartment . I bought this product -LRB- and I also sprayed peppermint oil and had my super fix any holes in the apt -RRB- ... and so far , I have n't seen another mouse . I am hoping it 's a combination of all three things . One thing to note about this product - when you first plug it in -LRB- day 1 through day 7 -RRB- , the noise will drive you crazy . . especially if you live in a small place . It not only drives mice out but it may drive you out . The good news is ... either the noise has subsided or I no longer can hear appropriately . I think it 's worth it to have no mice .
 This product is unbelievable . I have not seen nor heard a mouse since plugging this bad boy in ! Thank GOD !!! It is in the basement and works great ! You can hear a slight high pitch noise if you stand right next to it , but that is it . We have 5 dogs and 2 cats , it does not bother any of them . Thank you for a great product that works !!!
 Had serious mouse problem in kitchen & basement for months . Could n't get rid of them . Reluctantly bought this product but hopeful it would really work.Placed in hallway in the basement . Directions state it may not be effective through walls so opened all doors in basement . Have n't heard or seen a mouse since . No spiders either . Myself , husband , son 's , ca n't hear anything , and dogs are unaffected . However , my son 's girlfriend can hear it and drives her crazy when she goes downstairs . That 's the only drawback . I just unplug it when she is here .
 Good product . Have it over the dogs food and water in the kitchen . Thought I 'd hear it more when I bought it .
 Great results so far with one 5-in-1 repeller in the basement and another in the barn . I set up two live traps to catch mice and none entered the basement while the 5-in-1 was used . I replaced the 5-in-1 with a different repeller that I purchased locally at the hardware store to test them out . On the first night with the second repeller , the live trap caught a mouse . I put the 5-in-1 back in the basement the following night and have had no mice since . It has been a great product .
 Rare Excellent ProductMy wife and I live in the mountains of New Mexico between Albuquqerque and Santa Fe at about 7200ft ; when we remodeled our house we made sure we had a tight house but rodents eventually find a way in . For those unfamiliar with country rodents -LRB- mice , squirrels , rats -RRB- and othe pests , they are far more agrressive than domestic rodents of the city due to the fact that they are not used to people . They eat gas lines , oil lines , seats , and different parts of vehicles as well as any and all of the normal prducts of the city mice/rats . I have tried multiple products including many forms of professional poisons over the years including costly bobcat and coyote urine in an effort to deter their aggression - all to no avail.We purchaced five of the five-in-one electronic Lentek Pest Repeller four years ago ; one for each level of house and attic as well one for the barn -LRB- 1700sf in size -RRB- and another for the garage and our well pump room . These units without exception are awesome !!! - and have been the singular most effective product we have tried in 18 years of living here . I just ordered two addition units tonight for the barn and pump room.Buy them - you will love them and thank me !! and Lentek fo course . They do n't leave a lot of dead mich , bugs , critters laying around - the unwelcome guests just move out and on . Where there are rodents , there are typically snakes eating them as a food souce and when the rodents move out the snakes move out too.We have a Boxer rescue dog and a Great Pyrenees/Shepperd mix rescue dog that sleep in the garage and the units do not bother them ; my wife and I have one in our bedroom with us and we have never heard them so apparanetly this brand does n't make the offensive noise that bother pets and people that I have read about ; although I have stayed in Alaskan hotels where they had electronic uits that were noisy and annoyning . Good Luck !!! Lentek 5 in 1 Pest Repeller PC51Lentek 5 in 1 Pest Repeller PC515 in 1 Pest Repeller
 We 've been using a product like this for the last 8 years or so . When it died , I was afraid I would n't be able to find a suitable replacement . Some of the other ones we 've tried actually make a clicking sound that freak out our cats . This one seems to be working great . We have n't used any bug control chemicals/devices/etc for the ten years we 've lived here and we still do n't have to ! We see a random small spider here or there once in a great while , but nothing that tells us it is n't working . Our cats do n't mind it at all . Interestingly , a while back our town had a moth worm -LRB- ? -RRB- infestation and they were crawling all over everyone 's exterior walls . We did n't have any on our house . That showed me these products do work -LRB- when they work with the wiring of the house -RRB- . We love it ! And it 's one less toxin in our environment . Just remember if you have a larger house that you 'll need more than one .04 / 20/09 updateStill loving it and still no pesticides needed!TMGandFineArt.com
 I have owned this product for nearly three weeks now and I love it simply because it really works ! I have yet to spot a single spider or mice . The main reason that I bought this unit was to repel rodents away from my car . I just spent $ 4500.00 on my car to replace the engine wires and the main computer that was fried due to the rodents chewing on engine wires ! This unit is really fantastic , I no longer see rat/mice trails any where near my house . There is only one thing that I 'm trying to find out and that is , why some of my guests can actually hear the unit ? Not that this bothers me at all but I though humans were not supposed to hear the low frequency that this unit generates .
 I purchase this product because I was having a sever mice issue . I was catching them 2 and 3 at time every other day . That is too much . I have plug up the hole and they still seems to get through . I have to two children and worry about them getting bitten . So far since using the product I have not seen any mice activities within my apartment . I even put some of the dogs food on the floor and let it sit overnight just to see and there was non.I am very happy with this product and it was worth the money . Because it has only been several weeks , I want to see how long this product last - that is my concern now .
 I bought a blue one of these and have been very pleased with em so far.They fit wonderfully and are very snug . I have washed em frequently and they are just now starting to tear from the seams a bit at the waist in front and at one side :--LRB- but it has been six months . I think they are the closest I have found that compare to the old `` Soft N Silent '' plastic pants . these sure do help prevent leaks that is for sure : - -RRB-
 wonderful product but wish I had bought a size smaller . Most items I bought from others were always too small .
 they are wonderful and cover the diaper totally and they are so comfortable and there is absolutely no pinching anywhere
 These are very well made and the seams are welded . they are very durable and soft . i can wear these to work under my uniform and no one is the wiser . and for me thats every thing being is I 'm incon and not really wanting to shaire that with my coworkers . I will for sure get a few more pairs .
 Listen , it was one pair of plastic pants for a kid who still is still wetting the bed . I ordered it , they shipped it fast and it works . Not crazy about needing to write 20 words about it .
 I really like this stethoscope - it 's easy to hear out of , it has a nice solid feel , the ear tips feel nice in my ears and seal out environmental noise well , and the price is a bit cheaper than comparable scopes on the market -LRB- Littmann , I 'm looking at you ! -RRB- . The scope also comes with extra ear tips and a diaphragm membrane , plus it has a parts-for life - program where you can get the parts replaced for free . I also like that it has non-chill rims on both ends of the head . Finally , it even came with a name tag , which is a nice touch . I also like that it is a bit lighter in weight around the neck than a double-tube Sprague - nice for long shifts . I highly recommend this stethoscope !
 I am a recent graduate nurse and hated my Littman `` lite '' that I used for clinicals . I vowed when I got my first big-girl nursing check I would purchase a new stethoscope . I am not a fan of the Littman 's for a number of reasons and was pleasantly surprised to find MDF at a local nursing supply outlet . First off the clarity is awesome ! I can hear things that I never heard with the lite littman . The bell feels heavier but not enough that I think it will be a bother while wearing it . I hope to get many years out of my new MDF .
 I have ordered these tests and received an excellent service . Could not be happier ! The lab did excellent turnaround and sent me the results promptly . No hidden charges !
 I have battled my weight since puberty and have always needed to exercise to keep the muscle up and the fat off . I have never been more than 25 pounds overweight , but mostly physically fit . Having said that , I tried T3 for the first time in 2006 when I really started getting back into a regular exercise routine -LRB- weight training 3 days / running up to 3 miles 3 days -RRB- . I found that T3 gave me extra energy and my muscle gains were definitely improved over the period of weightlifting when I did n't take T3 . As I have approached my mid 30s I notice my metabolism has slowed considerably and it has been harder to keep the fat off . I just started taking T3 again this past Spring -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and again , I notice muscle gains in a very short period , which again , I never achieved in the same period without taking it .
 This smoother works better than I 'd hoped . My only complaint is that the handle is n't the most comfortable to hold when you really have to rub hard on a callous .
 This Koppla herbal beverage is a really nice product . As herbal products for stress and fatigue go , I rate it as one of the best . It is gently relaxing , does not make you feel heavy or drugged in the least , and tastes really good to boot , unlike some herbal products -LRB- kava kava tea comes to mind -RRB- . This beverage makes a good addition to an anti-stress regimen that includes exercise , meditation , and a balanced diet .
 We bought this for our grandson , one for his home and one for ours in hopes of getting him to want to go on the toilet and rid him of his diapers . He is now just over 2 and no luck so far but we like the seat and we are sure he will some day soon .
 After looking into a number of Potty seats , I chose this one . I am very satisfied with this product ! My son is easily able to put it on and take it off by himself . It is snug and secure . No complaints . I have one for each bathroom now !
 I saw some other reviews saying that they had issues with some other slow closing seats . Our son has n't used this yet , but I wanted to say that this fits our toilet seat PERFECTLY - it 's VERY stable !!! Our seat and toilet have an elongated shape - not round .
 this is a great secure little seat for my 8 month old - started at 5 months.easy to clean , easy on and off .
 We used this seat to train our daughter & she LOVED using the big potty just like mommy . It easily fit the elongated bowls that the house we use to live in had . We have since moved & it wo n't fit the kid 's bathroom bowl that we currently have , so I will have to buy something else to potty train my son . The -LRB- new -RRB- lid has a very curvy shape & a safety lid that wo n't slam shut and this potty seat wo n't even go down into it , even at the smallest adjustment . It does fit a standard size bowl fine so we may still use it in another bathroom . Otherwise , I would have given this seat five stars . The only drawback I noticed the last time we used it is the adjustment -LRB- to fit it to your toilet seat -RRB- tends to move and I would have to retighten it every few days to keep the seat stable . Another excellent product from Baby Bjorn .
 First , please no videos of this product in use.attaches secruely to toilet . It 's got the pee blocker for boys that 'll come in handy for our second . I gave it four stars as it does n't actaully do the potty training ...
 BabyCatalog.com has this white with black `` trim '' color combination for sale -LRB- $ cheaper ! -RRB- - which I purchased for my baby boy . We are bypassing the usual potty and just using this trainer.Even though Jason is barely almost 3-months old , we have introduced the trainer to him . We place him on the trainer and support him while he sits on it to poop straight into the toilet , once a day . It can get tiring if you squat in front of the porcelain bowl to support your baby , so get the step stool at the same time for you to sit on it now and face the baby.Your baby will enjoy looking at you front and center . The splash guard on the front is great - you wo n't get pee 'd by your baby boy . And it also serves as a privacy guard.We put a regular suction hook on the side of the toilet tank and it holds the Baby Bjorn trainer well . My mom toilet-trained my older sister and I before we were 1 year old by a similar style trainer -LRB- Baby Bjorn was n't around in the late 1960-70s . -RRB- My mom also potty-trained my sister 's three sons by the time they were 1 using just the trainer and no actual potty `` bucket '' . My sister purchased an extra trainer to take along trips and to use in public restrooms.You will use this trainer for as long as your child 's bottom is much smaller than the regular toilet seat . So it is truly worth the $ price tag and hence my 5-stars .
 After trying multiple seats , padded ; with handles ; with characters , we landed on the BabyBjorn seat . First of all , it caters to my daughter 's want to be independent . By securing into the toilet seat , I do n't worry about her climbing up with her stepstool , and sitting down on the potty . She gets on and off without issue . It is also light enough for her to articulate on and off of the toilet after she cleans it -LRB- she 's 2 for reference -RRB- . We bought two for the house , and another for daycare . I highly recommend this seat .
 I ordered this potty seat for my 22 month old daughter because she was using the baby bjorn potty chair for a while but refused to use a public bathroom . I had got one of the little character seats from wal-mart figuring it was the same thing but no go , it never seemed to fit on toilets right and wobbled scaring my daughter . I finally broke down and spent the extra money on this seat and it was worth every penny . I just put the entire seat in my bag and she has never refused to use a bathroom since . We have used it in more public bathrooms then i can count and since it is adjustable I have never had a problem getting it to fit on a toilet seat . This seat took away all my stress of taking our daughter out for long trips and made toilet training a breeze . I ordered the matching pink step stool and she loves using the set at home too .
 After trying a couple of other seats , I broke down and bought this one . My son does very well with this seat . He can put the seat on and put himself onto the toilet . The most important part ... the splash gaurd it adequate . I love the fact there is very little to clean up afterward . Before this seat I had to clean up every time . Urine seeped onto our seat and it was nasty . I never purchased a Baby Bjorn product . I always thought they were a little pricey , and I tend to be more practical . I am glad I got this seat . Could not be happier .
 Fantastic product . Fits elongated toilet seats . Completely adjustible and does not slide around under child for a secure fit . Worth every penny !
 The one and only , that works for boys.Wish bought it earlier , before getting frustrated with Fisher Price roal potty -LRB- leaks everywhere -RRB- , cushie toilet seat -LRB- same here -RRB- etc.Worth to mention , that Amazon has sale days on this seat and I got mine for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- only -LRB- free shipping included -RRB- .
 Great so far ... my 2yr old -LRB- well 2 and 3months -RRB- has been using his step stool to get on the toilet as well as just holding the door handle and hiking himself up and over . This seat is great for boys as when they are this little standing up to pee can be a mess , because usually the urine does not even reach within the toilet bowl . The little cup in front allows them to see and watch and still ensure all his ` business ' is making it into the toilet ! The only reason I did n't give it 5stars is because the little latch that tightens so that it clasps to the seat does n't seem to fit our toilet seat ... so it 's very easily moved or removed at this point . But , it has n't hindered his safety or interest ... it 's just frustrating knowing it 's not secure . Otherwise we just bought it with thoughts of potty training in a few months when our son is a bit older , but he 's already excited and using it while at home . I prefer the attachable seat vs the mini toilet chairs because this gets them familiar and trained using the real toilet . Quality is great , and have always been satisfied with BabyBjorn products .
 This potty seat is exactly as advertised ... my granddaughter is 21/2 and we go potty everywhere !! So far it has fit on every seat we 've needed it too . It is very well made and easy to use and clean .
 because we absolutely love it ! We tried many seats with our oldest son -LRB- 3 -RRB- and this is his favorite , hands down ! We have one upstairs and one downstairs and I am purchasing this one to send to his preschool . It is so easy to use and clean . He can put the seat on and take it off by himself . I can not recommend this seat highly enough !
 Easy to install , remove , and clean . My 2-year-old daughter took to it right away . She also has the Baby Bjorn potty chair , and this appears more comfortable -LRB- although she uses both interchangeably -RRB- . Recommended .
 We have used this for our son for 2 years now and all we had to do was to tell him to point his `` pee pee '' down and he does it each time he uses it , now just to go `` poo poo '' though.It is easy for him to be able to pick up and put onto the toilet himself because of the handle as well . We bought the stool with it when we purchased this .
 Having our grandson move closer meant I needed to purchase some necessary equipment - and a potty seat is definitely necessary . However , the toilets in our home have elongated seats and many of the potty seats I looked at were made for standard toilet seats . After reading numerous Amazon reviews , I decided to purchase the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer and am very pleased with my choice.The BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer sits on the seat and is then secured by turning a wheel at the back of the seat . This moves two `` wings '' so that the seat attaches securely to the toilet seat , even if it is an elongated seat . After securing the seat , I tried to wiggle the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer from side-to-side as might happen with a rambunctious toddler . The seat held firmly in place.The splash guard at the front of the seat is sufficiently high to prevent accidental oversprays . Further , it is curved so that liquids do not hit it and splash out the sides ; they flow down into the toilet as they should . The solid piece construction of the main seat prevents waste products from becoming trapped in grooves or joints and minimizes the possibility of odor.Further , the seat rinses off easily and can then be hung , by the large attached loop , to dripdry . I hung a light S-shaped hook over the towelbar on the back wall of the bathtub and use it to hold the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer after it has been rinsed.If you are looking for a quality potty seat which will fit both standard and elongated toilet seats , you should definitely consider the BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer . It is a five-star necessity !
 A perfect fit ... we have elongated toilets , and this seat worked well . The splash guard was the only one that actually worked . Super easy to clean , thanks to its ingenious design.The `` character '' potty seats were tempting , so we used a neighbor 's ... . my son was encouraged by the design , but they were n't sturdy , impossible to clean -LRB- disgusting dried pee collected in between the foam and the plastic rim -RRB- , and when he got pinched by the splash guard , I had had enough.Bought this . Then bought another . Worth the money .
 I got this for my 3-year-old son who is potty training . I wanted a potty seat he could get on and off of easily as well as be comfortable and keep the pee from splattering everywhere . This one fits the bill perfectly . He 's not scared to use it and he fits on it very well . The splash guard seems to do its job as long my son keeps his aim in the toilet ! I would recommend this seat to other mothers of little boys and girls . It 's been worth the money spent on it !
 having gone through several -LRB- cheaper -RRB- seats - and tons of clorox wipes cleaning up the dribbles off the toilet and floor - I read reviews and tried this one for my twins . the adjustable mechanism makes all the difference in the world - as long as its adjusted snugly on the toilet , no leaks , dribbles , messes ! i bought one for each toilet that they use and it 's worth the $ , no question !
 This is not offensive to look at , it stays put on the toilet and the splashguard works beautifully . Its very easy to clean because it 's all one piece and my son feels very comfortable sitting on this one without pinching his thighs or feeling like he may tip to the side .
 This potty seat is simple , comfortable and easy to use . I have only found one toilet that it did not fit on . Only potty seat we 'll use for our kids . We love it ! Seat is made in Sweden .
 Our 22 month old son loves seating on his new BABYBJ&Ouml;RN Toilet Trainer seat ! It fits perfectly in our elongated toilets , and it wo n't slide at all ! We are now going to start potty training , and I think we wo n't have any problems trying to accomplish that . You wo n't regret it !
 My very little daughter potty trained at 16.5 months when she was only 19 lbs . I was a little concerned that this seat would still be too big to hold her safely , but she has no issues with it . Additionally , it fit onto our toilet perfectly -LRB- a Western style toilet in China -RRB- and is very secure . No slipping at all!We had been using a little potty seat initially , but the cleanup of that is tiring , and the concept a little disturbing , so we brought this back to China after a trip back to the States . I was n't sure how my daughter would transition to it since she did like her little potty seat , but she LOVES feeling like a big girl using the big potty . She also likes that she can now reach the toilet paper herself after she is finished going.This is a great concept and a durable product .
 I just bought this and I have to say this is the only potty seat that fits my toilet seat . My toilet seat is elongated and curved . I 've read many reviews which says that it does n't fit unless your toilet seat is completely flat . The rubber edge keeps the seat firmly in place without slipping . However the paddles on either side does n't really do anything since my toilet seat is curved I just make sure they are out of the way .
 We love this toilet seat because
 This is a nice seat but the adjustable part in the back does n't really work for our toilet . It 's ok though since it stays on the toilet nicely and does n't move around . Works great for our little boy
 We have been using this seat for about 1 year now and have bought multiples for convenience and for our vacation home . This potty seat sits firmly on a variety of toilets seats keeping our son from wobbling around or falling when he tries to get off the potty . It has no sharp edges or places for his hands or fingers to get stuck . The center front is molded to have a cup like piece that helps greatly to keep him from peeing all over -LRB- since he must pee sitting down until he is tall enough to stand -RRB- I do wipe the from cup part down after he uses it but I found any mess to be minimal and definitely easy compared to cleaning out a floor sitting potty seat . We had one of those but retired it because it was so awful to clean !
 We got this for our 2.5 yr old who is potty training . I was concerned that it would n't sit well in the toilet seat , but it does . It secures tightly and is a perfect fit for her little behind . ; - -RRB-
 Using it with my 2 year old . Only toilet trainer that works !!!! Highly recommend to anyone who has a boy
 very pleased with this product it is well constructed . Have n't used it yet but it is ready for our grandsons when they come over .
 Not much to say . They are easy to install , comfortable for the kids , and easy to remove when not in use . There is a wheel that can tighten the unit to the toilet seat if you have a dedicated kid bathroom . We do n't . And without tightening the seats stay firmly in place . When not in use , you can place a hook on your wall and hang it.Strongly recommend . Had them for 2 + years and still going strong .
 We researched lots of seats for our elongated toilet . Not only does this fit securely but my daughter can put it on be herself . We also like the loop to hang it and that it 's easy to wash !
 Started with a BABYBJORN Smart Potty and then upgraded to this when the kid was a little over 2 . Wanted to associate the toilet itself with going to the bathroom.There is a know that you can turn to adjust a bracket on the bottom so it will secure itself to the toilet -LRB- wo n't shift laterally but you can still pull it up off the toilet -RRB- which is reassuring so you know your kid wo n't magically fall into the toilet if this trainer is off-center . It works great . Just put the kid on the toilet and wait . YMMV if your kid actually goes to the bathroom but I do n't think that 's any fault of this product . It works as any toilet seat should , just for your toddler .
 This product really does fit ALL toilets . We used it on the road at a hotel , and it fit on the hotel 's elongated toilet . I highly recommend it .
 Before we bought this potty seat , my 2 year old son wouldnt sit on the toilet alone , he always held my hands or had me hold him under his arms so he wouldnt fall in . We got this and he gets it out and puts it on the toilet and goes by himself . The splash gaurd could be a little higher but i taught my little boy to point his `` peepee '' down so it wouldnt get all over . I love this potty chair because it gives him confidence to use the toilet alone!I would buy for all bathrooms !
 Excellent potty seat . LOVE that it 's adjustable and solid . It does not slide around like other seats and is contoured just right for little tushies . I bought 2 other cheaper seats but neither fit our toilet seat very well and were uncomfortable for my son . I wish I would have spent a little more and bought this one first ! Highly recommend !
 This is a great little seat that prevents little bottoms from ending up in the toilet . My son loves his , I will probably get another one for upstairs so I do n't have to keep bringing it up and down with him . It pops in and out so easily that I just put it on when he is ready to go and store it next to the toilet when he is n't - can can put it on himself . It also holds still when in use , it ca n't fall off the toilet with a kid sitting on it .
 Unlike many seats that are made up of multiple pieces of plastic/foam that are connected , this is one single piece of plastic which means there are no cracks or nooks that pee can get trapped in -LRB- especially for boys -RRB- . Also , it 's easy to adjust and the handle allows you to put it on the wall if you buy an adhesive hook .
 We have a tall toilet with a long seat and I was worried this would n't fit . Somehow I missed in all the reviews and description that it has a WHEEL on the underside that you can adjust to fit ANY toilet . As a result , it fits our toilet perfect.My daughter started using this at 14 months old and has never had any issue falling through . We tried a few other cheaper toilet seats and they slid around and scared her . You have to be careful because this can scare a kid off for a good while . Also , the other ones left marks on her bottom and I had to hold her to keep her from falling through.You will love this !
 I love the dial on the back that makes it really secure on any shape seat . It does n't shift side to side and feels like an extension of the real toilet seat because of how secure it stays in place . If you 've ever had a kid fall into the toilet you know important that feature is !
 This lid is great for my petite 3 year old to use . It adjusts to fit most toilet lids - does not fit well on grandma 's already contoured seat . This is a hard , but perfectly contoured seat for a little bottom . We have the cushioned one , with little ducks which is nice , but this is really a step up . It has the nice guard in front to help minimize over shoot . I really liked this one enough to purchase a second for trips to grandma 's . It is strong , sturdy , easy to clean . It comes in other colors , but I only have white . It is great how it adjusts to fit snugly with my lid underneath . Since my daughter is petite she has a hard time getting high enough to just sit - she has to `` shimmy '' and this snug lid is very safe for her to shimmy onto with out moving . Worth the extra money .
 I LOVE this toilet seat . My daughter had been trained on her little baby bjorn potty that sits on the floor and at first she had no interest in this . I think it made her nervous to be up high -LRB- she is only 17m -RRB- . But one day she refused to go on her little pink potty . She kept climbing up onto the toilet . So I put this seat on , she went , and she 's been using it ever since ! It is VERY easy to use . It does n't slide around and all and takes about 2 seconds to put on and take off . We have an elongated toilet so I know it fits the non-standard size . I have n't taken it out with me yet but that 's the next step . Very happy with this purchase !
 The toilet trainer works as described . I bought it for my aunt who takes care of my two year old boy .
 I would definitely recommend this toilet seat for little kids . I first purchased a less expensive seat which slid all over the toilet seat making it very difficult for a small child to learn how to go to the bathroom all by themself . So , I returned it and purchased this one at the recommendation of my sister . It 's great ! You can adjust it so it fits snuggly on your specific toilet seat and I paid less purchasing on amazon.com than buying at a retail store .
 This seat is awesome , it fits both elongated and normal bowls very snugly . It does not slip and slide . My 2 year old daughter can lift it up and put it on the toilet . It is very easy to clean . Great product .
 We 've had this toilet topper for a while and it really is nearly perfect . Easy to put on , take off , and clean . I always tell my son to push his little man down into the toilet , so we have n't had problems with the splashguard like some have . It would be nice if the seat was a little bit squishy -LRB- like the weePods -RRB- so it would be just a little more comfortable to encourage him to stay on it longer . But for the price , yeah , this is the best we 've used .
 I love this seat . It is secure and easy to sit on . I also like the splash guard in the front , it really helps with the messes that could be from my son . The only thing I recommend is getting one in your child 's favorite color . I have a black one and a blue one , my son will only use the blue one because it 's his favorite color .
 Buy this now . Save yourself from cleaning little potty 's . Get the stool too .
 this fits my elongated toilet which the padded cartoon character seats will not . It 's easy to clean too - there are no crevices like the padded seat . The splashguard does n't really do much for boys and because of it , my son ca n't keep his legs close together like he can on the mini toilets in his daycare , so he has to be very conscious to not spray when he pees.I think it 's a bit bulky for travelling . we have a folding potty seat that we bring with us for travelling .
 This is the best seat ever , it is easy to use and keep clean . I had a cheap padded one from a big box store and I had a enough of cleaning it everytime my son used it . Would recommend any purchasing this for their child .
 I never found anything that comes close to how well this potty seat works . Fits pretty much any sized toilet seat and is very secure and easy to keep clean . So much nicer than cleaning out a potty chair , and comes off and on the toilet effortlessly . Our son 's been using it for the last year and I had to buy another one for the upstairs bathroom because we liked the first one -LRB- we use downstairs -RRB- so much . Well worth the price .
 My two year old granddaughter loves this . She can put it on the big potty by herself , and with her Baby Bjorn stool , hops right up , and seats herself with only a little assistance from me . It 's comfortable for her , and she has great success , and feels very `` big '' . -LRB- I also have the small , portable Baby Bjorn potty in pink , which she likes , too , as an alternative sometimes . -RRB- She likes to read her Mr. Rogers ' book on going potty while she sits , so I know it 's very comfortable for her . It has a great `` tinkle shield '' for little boys , but it does n't get in her way at all . Wonderful design ! Also , the toilet seat stores easily behind or beside the big toilet , so it does n't take up any room in the bathroom when not in use . I just bought another one for her parents . Wonderful product as well as Great value for the money !
 Our 23 month old son loves the seat and it is the right size for him . We went through two other seats available in the stores -LRB- Target , Lowes -RRB- but neither was comfortable nor lasted more than 2-3 weeks . I highly recommend this seat .
 This is a wonderful potty seat ! I just purchased my second one -LRB- I have twins that always have to `` go '' at the same time ! -RRB- and it works wonderfully . It fits the toliet seats very snugly - we have an elongated toliet seat , and makes my boys feel very secure . It is also very easy to take off and on - the boys can do it themselves which encourages independance . Well worth the money !
 We have the Baby Bjorn Step Stool , Potty Chair , Little Potty , and now the Toilet Trainer . Hind sight is 20/20 . The Toilet Trainer and Step Stool is all you need . Our initial thought was to have the Potty Chair for home and the Little Potty for trips . The reality is our daughter would sit on her potty then want to sit on the toilet like Mommy and Daddy . We balanced her on the toilet before we decided to get the toilet trainer . No more balancing acts on the toilet . She can use her step stool to get on the Toilet when she wants . The toilet trainer travels well , fits all types of toilets , easy to install , remove , and clean ! The Potty Chair and Little Potty are fantastic quality but you might as well go with the Toilet Trainer from the start .
 This potty seat fits on the toilet and does not slip around . the child is secure and comfortable , rather than doing a balancing act . This goes a long way for a child trying his best to learn . Also , its easy to clean .
 After buying a couple of potty seats that were much less expensive and a potty chair that played music for my 27mo . old son , I finally gave up and bought this one . I am very happy with it , and my son takes great pleasure in the fact that he can easily put it on and take it off all by himself . It does n't slip around , and the built in splash guard is perfect . He ca n't take it off and lose it somewhere in the house like he did with his potty seat 's splash guard , and the edges are smooth so he does n't scratch himself on it when trying to sit down . Also , the potty seat was too small for him by the time he was 2 . -LRB- He is a bit big for his age , but not chubby or anything . -RRB- Since it does n't have any cracks for the mess to settle into , it 's easy to wipe clean when needed.I also like the fact that it 's just plain white with black trim since I am using it in the guest bathroom . I bought a little hook that you stick on with adhesive tape and put it on the side of the toilet tank to hang the seat on . It works perfectly , the seat is out of the way when it 's not in use , and my son can easily reach it when he needs to use it!I am glad I spent the extra $ $ , I should have listened to the reviews I read and saved myself the trouble of buying and returning the others !
 we bought this topper to use when our daughter was 6months old . we were having her use the toilet to poop instead of her cloth diapers and the big potty was too big . i tried putting her on a small potty chair and she cried . so i bought this and it was the perfect combo . she could be up high and see us but it also gave her , and us , more security while she was up there . now that she 's 16mos old , she still ca n't climb up alone to use it but can sit all by herself on it and it appears very comfy . it adjusts to any seat and there is no danger of it slipping off or into the toilet . once she can climb up to the seat by herself , it will be even better to have -LRB- i have vivid memories of being afraid of the `` big '' potty -RRB- . i prefer when she uses this seat instead of her little potty chair because i have nothing to clean up afterwards ! it 's really well made - buy a step-stool to go along with it and you have a place to sit while helping your little one go !
 Do n't get me wrong , our Bjorn trainer is a keeper - has a great seal , extra pee guard in the front , adjustable fit , and the handle makes for easy storage and cleanup . But , when it comes to toilet seats for training ... let 's be honest ... you can find a cheaper one that does the job . This one is just maybe the Cadillac of trainers ? I would n't buy this one again , but would certainly want one as a gift !
 Excellent Toilet training seat . My daughter is able to sit on her own and the seat remains in place . We had an extra long toilet seat and this one fits like a charm . The only con is the price , it is three times more expensive than regular toilet training seats .
 Comfortable for toddler , fits toilet seat well with easy adjustment . Easy for 18 month old son to put on/put away . My only complaint is regarding the `` splash guard '' which is really just in the way . I wish they offered one without it .
 This toilet trainer fits my toilet ring , because it has a dial you can adjust ! It 's a very good idea . The trainer is well contoured , which makes it comfortable for little ones to sit on . Another good feature is the handle on it . I hang it on the wall above our toilet . Very good quality and considerate product .
 This is simply the best slip-over potty seat out there . The adjusting dial underneath allows it to fit snugly over oblong or round toilet seats , so there 's no slipping around on the potty . I recommend this especially for boys because it does n't require a special flip-up piece in the front . Also , the hole is a little bigger than the cheaper models , so I would recommend this for average-sized 3 + kids . My son is over 5 now , and he still has to use this , so it defintely will last a long time as far as age of the child and sturdiness of the product . It cleans up easily , too .
 This is the best potty seat I have seen , and I have tried quite a few . First of all , its adjustable `` arms '' secure it snug to any toilet so the seat does not move at all ! This feature helps give your kids confidence to get up on the potty . Also , it is one piece so you do n't have to clean in cracks and crevices . The hook is a great feature , and the seat it lightweight so your child can handle it and `` do it myself '' . Finally , this is a WONDERFUL potty seat for LITTLE BOYS ! The angled , built in splash guard is necessary for potty training boys . When it comes to potty training , a daunting task for a little person , you do not want to mess around with inadequate potty seats . Not that one potty seat will work for everyone , but this one is quite near perfect .
 Do n't waste your $ $ $ on other seats . Just get this one to start with !!! Best seat out there and worth it !
 My little bear has always been big for his age . I have had a time trying to train him on potty chairs that are way too small -LRB- in terms of him splashing and even being bigger than the chair . When I found this and read another review of someone with a big little boy I immediately ordered it . It has been great . He can put the seat off/on the toilet seat himself and is very secure and balanced while going to the potty . He puts the seat up himself on a hook next to the toilet when he is done . I have a little stool he uses to help himself off/on the seat . He is doing great with the potty seat . If you have a little boy who is big for his age , I DEFINATELY reccomend this to youBabyBjorn Toilet Trainer - White/Red
 I would recommend this product to everyone . My son adapted very well to using the potty seat . Much easier than the traditional potty trainer that tends to be a messy clean up .
 I had two Big factors in choosing a seat
 My son was afraid to sit on the big potty at all . I was nervous that this seat would be wiggly without handles , but it does n't move at all when it is on the toilet . He can easily get it on and off by himself and then sits comfortably and confidently.Within 2 hours of having these seats in the house , he was pooping on the potty ! He trained in 3 days - no joke !
 It 's a good product . It may be a bit more expensive than some other seats , but we like it becasue of the safety lock on the back of the seat . Highly recommended !!!
 I love this toilet training seat ! I like that it 's a hard , molded plastic , and not a soft seat . It looks so much nicer in the bathroom and cleans better too . My 3 year old daughter finds it comfortable to sit on . The adjustment knob helps keep the seat in place.I also like the high splash guard in front ... girls can have little fountains too , and this is the only seat we 've used that keeps everything contained in the toilet . It was well worth the extra money .
 Great product . Fit is great and design is what is expected by a parent . I picked up an over the door hook from a local store for $ 1.99 to hang this off the side of the toilet when it 's not in use . So happy with it that we are purchasing another .
 This is a great potty seat for a girl - I have not tried it with a boy . It is very stable and comfortable and no worries about her falling in an elongated toilet . Very pleased !
 I have 3 boys and this is the solution for our needs . I like it is made of hard plastic instead of the foam type seat , easy to clean . It has a nice shape for sitting . As far as a boy doing number 1 while sitting on the potty , he has to lean forward or you will have a mess to clean up . That does n't seem to be a big deal to the boys . It has a nice loop on the top so we can hang it on the toilet with the potty hook and it is adjustable to fit different potty hole sizes . Seems very durable . I have one in every bathroom .
 I did a lot of research before purchasing a seat to go on our toilet . I already have a Bjorn stand alone potty but my daughter did n't seem to be comfortable on it for more than a minute or two and she wanted to sit on the big potty but is just too small . So I figured a seat to go on the regular toilet would be the way to go . So far though it has n't gotten her to go she does seem comfortable sitting on it . The design is really clever and I do believe that it would fit on any seat tightly the way it 's adjustable . It 's nice to feel comfortable that it 's not going to slide around . I think this is definitely the way to go for toilet training.Update 11/21/2011
