 So , I had this thing for about a week before I went off to winter break from college , and I knew I HAD to write a review because I was itching to come back to school just to use it ! I missed it and I could n't wait to get out the knots I 'd accumulated over a 3 week period.For one , I am an avid computer user - I 'm on for hours upon hours a day . What 's worse , I 'm also an artist , both traditional and digital , so I 'm hunched over for long periods of time . Being so focused on my work , I tend to forget to take breaks and stretch my back , resulting in some terrific neck and shoulder pain , and especially in that awkward place in the middle of your back . I was constantly asking for massages , but I found that people were never quite strong enough to really get into the tight muscles , particularly the trickier knots underneath my shoulder blades.In all honesty , I bought this massager on a complete whim , at 4 am , during hectic finals week . I woke up completely shocked by the fact that I had spent $ 35 on some phallic looking object . I have to say , though , it has been a fantastic purchase so far . I get the perfect amount of leverage to really drive in the pointed end into the sweet spots in my back . It 's also been great for massaging the tops of my shoulders , on either side of my neck , which are rock hard . I can already feel a looseness in my back , and I sleep much better now . I 've also been trying to loosen up my lower back - sometimes , when I lay down to sleep , I get these aches in my lower back for some reason , and I figure they were from knots that have simply built up over the years from poor sitting posture . I 've researched different trigger points , and the information I 've found simply from googling have been a dream - I use this thing for my forearms , my thighs , my calves , and even my butt ! There are knots there , and when you relieve those knots , they loosen up your lower back . It 's kind of crazy , but you got ta try it to see!I 've only been to a masseuse once , but this has been a perfectly adequate substitute . Try it out -- it 'll change your life !
 There are very few natural , externally-used products to deal with back pain , as well as other aching muscles , I 've experienced over the past 40 years that warrant 5 stars . This is one of a handful of products that definitely earn it . In fact , when one was lost during travel , I had to immediately replace it.Quite literally , this product resolves serious muscle-induced pains , from my head to my feet . The two different shapes of knobs work into muscles at varying depths with either general or more pin-pointed accuracy.I like to position it where I want , applying firm and gradually increasing pressure with my hands , arms or feet , until the muscle releases the tension it 's holding . I might then target another nearby muscle or another area of the same muscle next . The outcome is almost immediate relief from what might otherwise be almost debilitating.I 've had situations where I 've done something to aggravate a muscle in my back , shoulder and/or neck , where it results in serious pain from pulling my spine out of alignment and/or disk compression , even what sometimes feels as intense as migraine headaches . I use this for about 2-3 minutes in a few key areas , for no more that 30-45 seconds per location , and about 80 % relief is achieved almost instantly , making it bearable . If I decide to then massage the now loosened muscles a little further , even more relief is achieved.I 've even had long-term pain in one of my ankles that was treated with this . I used the more conical pressure knob on an area in front of my heel , where I discovered there was a high level of sensitivity , and applied the same firm and increasing pressure for about 30 seconds . What resulted was a relief from almost daily ankle pain I 'd had for over 3 years , without pain medications , that lasted over three months!The bottom line is this
 My girlfriend bought this as a present for me -LRB- I think she was tired of giving me massages -RRB- and I was a little skeptical but this thing works wonders ! I am a triathlete so I work out a lot and while I have a foam roller andOriginal Massage StickI use for my legs I was lacking a way to get the knots out of my shoulders and back.Other reviewers have covered all the little features of this product so I will just cover my favorite use , using the curved end to get knots in my upper back -LRB- shoulder blades -RRB- and back of my shoulders . These are full of tension and the body back buddy lets me work them out . I 'm sure I will come up with some other uses as well.The only negative is my friends think it looks like some sort of kinky sex toy ...
 Tennis ball or the end of a horizontal bar would serve pretty well also . But it 's solid , serves a good function , I like it pretty well . I am 6 ' 3 '' , 200 lbs if the weight matters , it fits and wraps around my frame easy .
 You know exactly where your tender spots are as soon as you ` hit ' them.Apply pressure for several seconds , relax the pressure , then apply again.It really does work ; helps loosen ` knots ' in neck/shoulder area.My husband is very happy , I no longer bother him about massaging the sore spots.Body Back BuddyTrigger Points -LRB- Quick Study Academic -RRB- I have not tried doing reflexology yet but will in time .
 Following a search and in-depth review on-line of similar products , I purchased theBody Back Buddy -LRB- + the DVD -RRB- as a gift for my daughter , who suffered neck/shoulder/back injuries in an auto accident several years ago . Periodically , she goes for trigger-point injections , which seem to provide some pain relief , albeit for a limited duration . -LRB- In between times , she can often be seen attempting to reach around & press with her fingers on certain points in her shoulder/neck area . -RRB- Anyway , I was hoping and praying this would prove to be beneficial on a more regular basis , based on user reports . Well ... virtually from within a few minutes of taking the item out of the box , she was able to use it to reach those same points & exert deep pressure which provided some immediate pain relief . She 's raving about the gift , & wondering why neither her Dr. -- nor other professionals from whom she 's received treatment , e.g. , therapists -- recommended same . Surmising they might not be aware of the product , she told me she plans on informing all of them about it -- perhaps even doing a `` show and tell . '' So , based on my daughter 's reaction & experience -- who , by the way , is a highly educated , working professional despite her disability -- I 'd have to give this product the highest rating possible -- 5 stars !! -LRB- And thanks to the inventor/manufacturer for such a wonderful product . -RRB-
 I work in a physical therapy clinic where we have a Theracane -LRB- TC -RRB- at our disposal . The Back Buddy -LRB- BB -RRB- is by far superior in design compared to the TC . The BB is stiffer in use , has more usable accessory knobs in addition to the 2 hooks , has a second , smaller hook for a different angle , and has a cone shaped knob in addition to the round knob.My main issue with the TC is that it flexes way too much when you 're really trying to dig into a knot with the hook . The way the BB is designed actually makes it structurally stiffer so you can bear down as hard as you want without it flexing noticably .
 I bought this for my brother for Christmas . We have a connective tissue disorder which causes chronic pain . Specifically , he has incredible pain in his shoulder , under the shoulder blade . For years , I have watched him press his shoulder into walls , doorknobs , and window frames to find some relief . Even though I thought the Body Back Buddy was a little expensive , I 'd done my research against similar items , and thought it was the best choice to give him.He was n't sure what to make of the contraption , at first , but after putting it to use , he was blissed out ! When his family wanted to test it , he acted like Gollum with his `` Precious '' , pulling it to one side in a `` Mine ! '' maneuver . No one else is allowed to touch it . He wanted to give it a name , so he could confess his love to it over and over . We finally decided on the name `` Prince '' , because it looks like the symbol that -LRB- the artist formerly known as -RRB- Prince uses now . -LRB- I ca n't believe I just typed that . -RRB- So , now when speaks to me , he just tells me that `` Prince is still serving him well '' , or he `` still ca n't go a day without Prince '' . LOL!He loves it so much that I bought the smaller -LRB- purple -RRB- version for myself . It arrived yesterday . I also bought a trigger point book to go with it and it 's fantastic ! I feel the same way about `` Princess '' . HA ! Mine ... all mine!Yes , it was expensive , but relieving that kind of pain is worth every penny . I feel that this tool is sturdy and will last a long , long time . It 's well-designed and that 's worth paying for .
 After being turned-on to a TheraCane , I found the BodyBackBuddy on Amazon and have to say it 's much nicer in many ways . What 's not obvious with initial information is that aside from the two arcs being different sizes , the shapes of the knobs on each end are different -LRB- more spherical or more pointy -RRB- which helps for different levels of healing . The dual knob is AMAZING for working on the neck the extra poles make it easy to simply gain leverage and also tight spots in legs or arms.All-in-all I purchased three of these for myself and two employees and they 've basically gone viral due to their simplicity . This is the type of tool that should be at Walgreens and in a few short years many people would have them at home with the great price level available .
 I saw one of these sitting in a friend 's office a while back , and I had to ask what it was . Well , it turns out that I was having one of those days where I had slept wrong , and I had a massive knot in my back . Voila!I do n't suffer from this malady often . Perhaps two or three times a year , I get one of those massive knots that restrict my movement for about a week . And then I move on . I guess I always thought it was just a part of life , but this tool has taught me otherwise . I have found that if I really dig one of the knobs into the knot , it helps to relax it and smooth out the pain . I have to be honest , though . A tennis ball in bed works a lot better . But I do n't always have the luxury of running home to lay on a tennis ball to relieve my occasional knots . So I keep one of these at work , and it is extremely helpful.I have even found that just because I wake up in the morning with a knot does n't mean I ca n't go golfing later in the day .
 I 'm able to release a lot of tension in my back with the Back Buddy . My back flexibility has increased tremendously . I do use other items , and do yoga regularly too . The use of this and then a trigger point foam roller has really been amazing for me . It was also really helpful after discomfort that followed being rear ended .
 I had been looking at this for a while and finally purchased it via Groupon Goods and I am so glad I did . I have only used it about 4 times since purchasing it 8 months ago but it has worked amazing each time . I currently have a strained muscle that is causing a pinched never in my back and I would not be functioning without this ! I highly recommend it !
 I use this often to reach pressure points in my back . I had surgery on my arm that left me with problems in my shoulder and this allows me to reach the points in my back and shoulder .
 For many years I 've had low back herniated disc issues . Injections only work for so long and if at all . I can feel all my muscles tighten from my glutes through the hips , lower back , and up my erector spinae . My recent chiropractor feels most of my issues are related to these muscles tightening and focuses his work on me with myofascial release rather than adjustments . I 've tried other products and a few do - it - myself things with moderate results . I 'd seen this product , but never pulled the trigger . I 'm so happy I decided to purchase it ! It allows one , on their own , to target the problem areas . The precision , leverage , and accessibility to the areas it provides is amazing . I 'm considering purchasing another for the office and one as a gift . Highly recommended !
 I hesitated to buy one of these for a long time , even though I have a number of muscle knots and trigger points that bother me . I kept telling myself , why not just use a pen , or similar object -- how could this device really be all that different and better than something I had sitting around the house?I finally broke down and bought it . The thing I want to point out about this miraculous device is that the handling of it is the magic . Not just the shape , but also the placement of the knobs , makes it extremely easy to manipulate this tool in ways that are n't putting additional strain on you while you try to work out muscle knots . The balance point and weight also add to the genius of this design.It is extremely adaptable . There are two knob shapes , round and more pointed , and each really does give a different effect.I would say this device is safe to use unless you are a person who lacks body awareness . Some people do , it 's nothing to be ashamed of ; it likely just means you were never involved in any sports or the like . But if that is the case , and you should be honest with yourself , then you should n't use devices like this , because you could possibly hurt yourself . Of course , you want to be sure to never apply this to a joint or bone , the spine , etc. . I was always advised by masseuses and health practitioners that it 's usually best to start with the feet -LRB- tense feet disrupt your ability to relax other body areas -RRB- , and always manipulate such devices toward the heart -LRB- i.e. , if you are doing your arms , start at the lower parts and work your way up toward the shoulder , rather than the other way -RRB- .
 Gets to all those hard to reach places . A lot more thought was put into this than you might think . The little booklet it comes with is also very helpful .
 When my Chirpractor told me to get the Body Back Buddy because it would save me money in Dr. bills I highly doubted him . My problem is tight muscles from overuse keeping them same positon for too long . Wirh thw Body Back Buddy you can get directly to the muscle a and with a little pressure can release that muscle . One of the best purchases I have made in a long time . Highly recommended .
 My boyfriend is a massage therapist . That being said , I like this thing almost as much as I like his massages .
 I use it as close to daily as my stupid crazy schedule allows and it does wonders for helping me to release tension in my knotted up back .
 This is what I needed for the last 5 years ! I can work exactly on my trigger points and has substantially decreased the amount of medications for headache and neck pain . It is actually better than the massage therapist -LRB- no offense -RRB- because I can pin-point the places I need the most . However , I have to confess that this work extremely well for me because I am a health care provider with training in myofascial pain and trigger points .
 Bought this for this in-laws and they use it everyday ! They love it and wish they would have owned it sooner
 Wow ! This seemingly simple device is able to target every single muscle in my body . Its the only thing I 've found that allows me to effectively massage my upper shoulders after a stressful day . Its also much sturdier than I expected -- it seems very durable .
 I bought this after using the one my acupuncturist lent me for some back aches and cramps , works very good . Using the same pressure points she uses in a treatment it is a good in between treatments , treatment
 This is a fantastic little gadget . I 've had it for years before writing this review , but it was only when I was traveling abroad for 4 months without it that I realized how much it really helps my quality of life . Totally worth whatever I paid for it , and I 'm getting one for my dad .
 My friend is a physical therapist and a triathlete who 's competed in the Kona Ironman twice . I first discovered it at her place and the first time I used it was amazing ! I finally found something that was an awesome substitute from a real massage . I recommend it to anyone !!
 This is , by far , the best massage tool I 've ever used . Do n't even bother with any of those overly fancy massage tools . I 've searched high and low for different tools to work on all of the knots in my shoulders and neck , and this is the only one that could help .
 I 'm a systems admin and my job requires me to work using Mouse all day long . I have recently started to get upper back pain and wanted to give this product a shot.This is really amazing and it has actually helped to heal quicker.ThanksSri M
 This is a really stupid looking bent plastic stick that really takes away the pain in my back.The best thing about it is that I only had to buy it once and it works and it never wears out !!! Jonathan
 I was concerned about the back buddy being plastic but when I received it I discovered it was very strong and unlikely to ever break.It works well . I wish it came with a dvd -LRB- there may be one you can buy seperately -RRB- because it took a few weeks of trial and error to discover how it works best . I find myself using it 3-4 times a day and it does offer some decent relief . It is not a miracle cure but it is one more tool in managing chronic muscular pain in the upper back and neck . It makes the time between massage therapy appts much more tolerable .
 This is a wonderful product . I purchased it for upper neck/back pain and it is ideal for reaching those hard to reach muscles . It loosened up my tight muscles and I feel so much better.Well worth the money !
 product purchase was for a dislocated shoulder . it is helping reach those hard to get at muscles that needed to be worked on .
 This is the best money I ever spent . It actually replaces getting a message @ $ 85 an pop . You control were you want to put the pressure on and it relieves my pain . Love it .
 Not only did I get this 2 days after it was ordered , this thing kicks knots to the curb . Love it !!!
 This is an awesome tool that anyone interested in sports or someone who has muscle issues should invest in .
 You can reach any part of your body and work out all the knots . You can even do some foot reflexology .
 Even after my grown son had recommended it to me , I was a sceptic about this product . I have severe muscle spasms which require deep tissue massage on a regular basis and steroid-cortisone shots at times . The BBB works so well I can visit the massage therapist much less frequently and stay `` on top '' of my pain as well.The design allows the user to control the pressure and hit the trigger points and sore spots very easily . I also have problems with arthritis in my wrists , but this sturdy device allows me to leverage it for maximum pressure with no difficulty . Sitting in a car can be particularly painful to me , but using this during car rides has helped me immeasurably.I ca n't say enough about this heaven-sent product . I LOVE it !!!!!
 Have you ever found yourself leaning onto a blunt object , such as a corner of the wall , in the attempt to work out a knot in your shoulder/back ? Have you ever asked someone to push their knuckle on that same spot as hard as they can ? If so , this item is a MUST ! The original thero-cane is great , but this S shaped trigger point releiver gives you a few more options . The smaller curve has a round knob on the end , whereas the larger curve has a little more pointer knob for a different pressure point experience . The great thing about having this available is that you control how the amount of pressure you apply to your trouble spot and the size allows you to reach any area in need of attention . You wo n't have to beg a friend/family member to lean on your back and insisting they can lean harder ... with this , you have control and can keep the pressure for as long as you feel necessary . Do n't hesitate , just buy it , it 's worth the money ... your back will thank you ! The only negative for this is if you travel a lot -LRB- and travel light -RRB- , it 's oddly shaped so fitting it into your carry-on would probably be impossible ... but it would fit in a regular sized suitcase .
 I 've had trouble finding anything that would actually help my chronic pain . After ordering the body back buddy it was shipped quickly and I am finally able to relieve and not just mask -LSB- like pain meds do -RSB- my pain !! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED PRODUCT !
 THE BODYBACK BUDDY WAS WAAAAAY BETTER THAN I EVEN EXPECTED . IT GETS ALL THE RIGHT SPOTS IF YOU KNOW HOW TO USE IT AND IF YOU EVER HAD KNOTS MASSAGED OUT , PRETTY MUCH SERVES THE SAME PURPOSE . I ALMOST FELL ASLEEP WITH MINE HAHA ! BEST $ 30.00 I 'VE EVER SPENT . IT WAS IN GREAT CONDITION TOO . I WAS AFRAID I 'D HAVE TO SAND SOME PARTS DOWN BECAUSE A REVIEW PREVIOUS , BUT THIS ONE IS IN PERFECT CONDITION . SHIPPING WAS GREAT AND WELL TAKEN CARE OF . THANKS SO MUCH !!!!!
 I love this . I can get to any spot on my back to put pressure on the sore points and just work it out!Thanks .
 The back buddy is a great invention , you can really get to to those hard to reach spots with as much pressure as you want by yourself . While it wo n't beat a good massage ... there 's no waiting ! A smart buy
 UPDATE
 I love it . LOVE IT . If you could not stop wiggling a loose tooth as a kid I think you will like using this to poke and prod your recurrent and/or recalcitrant knots.I have shoved pens into the space between my neck and shoulders and practically THROWN myself into corners of walls to try to get sufficient pressure to the right places without much , if any , success . Especially the neck part . With this tool I can reach exactly the spot and maintain constant pressure . It gives primal relief in places you did n't even realize were knotted.It is very sturdy plastic . I believe it will last for years . I will throw away all of the little gadgety tools I have purchased over the years.I love it . I may even buy one for my office.EDIT
 This works great to get knots out - just be careful how much you use it at one time . It felt so good the firts time I used it , I kept going for too long and was really sore the next day .
 I can get to the tight knots behind my own shoulder blades , as hard as I need . I love my new tool .
 I get so tight in my neck and back , and it 's hard to massage that away by myself . This thing looks funny , but man , it packs a punch . The pressure points are small , so be careful if you 're not into deep tissue . There are pointed spots and more rounded spots , so if you like it on the lighter side , use one of the rounder spots . I use both . I tied a satin sheath over one of the protruding `` branches '' and that works great for sliding the thing around -LRB- over a shirt/blouse -RRB- , without `` sticking '' when it comes to the plastic/skin contact . I can get rid of the tension in my neck and back very well with this thing . It sometimes hurts the day afterward , and I do n't care . I just use it again , and the muscles are loose again.If you like it gentle , be careful with this . If you 're like me , and are n't that delicate , then get this thing . It 's well worth the $ 20 .
 I have killer chronic back pain because of a car accident years ago and a bulging disc . I ca n't get to a massage therapist as often as I need to , so having a way to hit pressure points on my own back is really nice . The little knobbies that are supposed to do your neck do n't really work for me , but for getting under my shoulder blades and even running up and down the sides of my spine , the pointy end really works . It has more bumps than I use , but once I got used to how it works , it really works .
 I 've had major back and neck problems since an auto accident a number of years ago . The pain often becomes an unbearable burning sensation that I am not able to reach . I have often thought ... `` If I only had a nail on the wall that I could press into ... '' Wish I had invented the Back Buddy ! Since my purchase of this remarkable product , I can use it to find the exact point of pain , use as much pressure as necessary to relieve the spasm and get greatful relief . Thank you Back Buddy !!
 This is the weirdess thing I have ever seen . It does work . I get pain in middle of my bad from working . I also have fibromyliga . I can put pressure on points as hard or soft to get releif .
 The Body Back Buddy was recommended for me by my physical therapist . I live alone and am on a limited income - so I do n't have a partner to help with accupressure or massage and I do n't have extra money to hit the spa . The Body Back Buddy works very well - you can get a surprisingly steady firm pressure on unreachable back pressure points with it , which helps me a lot . I have severe fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis and this helps quite a bit .
 Needless to say , this gadget -LRB- and it is a gadget ... it 's the multitool of muscle pain -RRB- is n't something you 'll necessarily want to take to Vegas with you , as it is pretty big and awkward . But I bought this due to its awesome price vs. a TheraCane or Hi-Push , which is $ 20 more for much less tool , and it does n't take up much less space anyway . It 's $ 30 , $ 35 and you get a little version for travel . $ 30 is a steal for something this versatile . For those in the continental 48 , shipping is like , $ 8 ... The selling points are these : -- It 's $ 20 cheaper , or 40 % , than a TheraCane . -- Two end arcs of varying diameters , allow for hitting back , hip , thigh , and glute trigger points , something the T-Cane will also do , but not as well . -- Two angled handles jutting out of both arcs allow better leverage for holding and applying pressure vs. T-Cane 's perpendicular handles . -- Three shapes of knobs allow differing penetration into deeper or less-accessible tissues , such as the sole of the foot , levator scapulae , and semispinalis capitis . These are also distributed differently on the handles as well , whereas the T-Cane has only one size and shape of knob , spherical . -- It 's $ 20 cheaper . Even if it was identical to the T-Cane , I still think $ 20 cheaper would make this pretty brainless to go for.Considering points before you hit ` Buy ' : -- Some like the neater look of the T-Cane , which never was a factor in my decision -- if it works , I do n't care what it looks like . The T-Cane 's slightly smaller size may also allow it into carryon . But the price difference + added function trump both for me . -- This is a tool made for attacking and releasing trigger points you may acquire in service as a massage therapist/bodyworker . If this conflicts with your own methods for self-care , then no need to buy one . But I 've on a few occasions found it useful for pointing out homework trigger point work for clients , vs. a tennis ball in a sock -LRB- which works great for certain muscles too , make no mistake -RRB- . I think for the price in the contiguous 48 anyway , it 's a no-brainer . Get it ... worked out some calf and QL trigger points a couple weeks ago with this , and it worked a charm . Hit your levator scapulae with this once a day , and your head turns far easier , nice when you 're doing a bit of driving running errands with extended time entering SOAPs into the computer . : p
 I used to massage tight back muscles with my hands , but recently hurt my shoulder and could n't reach my back . This device is easy to use . I think it 's great , and you do n't have to strain to reach anywhere on your back .
 I like the back buddy better than the theracane because it has more options with the different knobs . I especially like the 2 knobs close together for the neck . It is large and looks `` interesting '' , but I would definitely choose it over the theracane for its versatility .
 I say the best because it has 11 therapy knobs whereas the closet competitor has far fewer . The Body Back Buddy stimulates in between muscles and pinpoints trigger points for a more finely-tuned treatment . I have numerous aches and pains since I have fibromyalgia plus I workout a good deal . I seem to always be pulling something or messing something up that causes a good deal of pain . And , in most cases , it 's where I ca n't reach . This massage tool helps me greatly . It 's especially helpful for the neck and back but also works trigger points on the feet , hips and other places.Overall length is 25 inches . Comes with a free 12 page instruction booklet . There are also instructions on their website . And there 's a manual you can download . Basically , you simply put a knob or knobs on the sore area and massage . The relief you 'll feel is amazing.Highly recommended . -- Susanna K. Hutcheson
 I would highly recommend this product . I have tried many different massage devices and none of them have compard to this one . The knobs on this item give you a very deep massage that really opens up the muscles and takes the knots away . You only need to apply a slight pressure for a deep massage . And since there are so many knobs , it is very easy to get every part of your body . My mother has very tights knots in her shoulders and this was a lifesaver for her .
 I ordered this a few months ago . I suffer from tension/stress along my left shoulder blade . It causes extreme pain throughout my left shoulder area and radiates up my neck and into my frontal chest . I 've tried various devices and even a neck pillow to get relief . Nothing worked until I got the BBB . It took about 1.5 - 2 weeks of daily -LRB- several times a day -RRB- use , but now I 'm completely pain free . Now , when I start to feel the least bit of tightness or twinging , out comes the BBB to the rescue . This thing is platinum to me . I 'd give it 10 stars if I could .
 First this is made of like re enforced fiberglass injected plastic so there is no way you can break it because I tried . . I also have the regular Theracane and while I love it , the back buddy is just designed to do so much more and the little knobs are in just the right places for me and I am 5:09 tall . Pretty much the same size as the theracane so its not huge as some have said .
 A bit peculiar looking , but perfect for what it is . The wife 's got one certain spot near the shoulder that needs so much digging when she 's hurting that my hands cramp up ! This hits the spot absolutely perfectly !
 Love the massage cane . Having periodic back issues that are relieved by applying targeted pressure to specific muscles/points , this is the perfect tool . It also allows me not to wear-out my welcome with any reliable folks who are willing to give me massages when needed . Together makes for a healthier , pain free -LRB- relieved -RRB- back .
 I have always had neck and shoulder tension issues . I got interested in trigger point massage therapy , and it had been working very well for me . Let me tell you , it is SO much easier to complete the trigger point massage with this tool . I used to have to contort around and give myself a pretty hearty arm workout by the end . But when I use this product , trigger point massage is exponentially easier . And because the angles mean I do n't have to work as hard with my arms , I can do the massage more quickly and with better quality than I ever could before.Though I ca n't speak to the usefulness of this product in comparison to others of its kind , I think that anyone would be pleased with this item if they are interested in trigger point massage . It is some of the best money that I have spent !
 We use the Body Back Buddy everyday . It is easy to use on yourself and really work on those sore spots that are hard to reach . You can use as much or little pressure as you like . Well worth it !
 This product works like it says it will . It is easy to use . For people who live in all over chronic pain , it is not without some strain on your hands and wrists to deliver the necessary pressure to your trigger points , but it is worth the effort .
 I have severe pain my in neck and back with calcium build up in the tendons that are spongy and crunchy . With the BBB I can place it on pressure points and apply light pressure to help me crack an ache in my joints that I could not do with out it . Now it can take away a negative pain and have a mild positive pain while doing so that stops instantly when you let up . The balls on it do help to massage tight muscles . It has done more for me than 7 so called doctors and a chiropractor combined . I suggest using it very easy with only slight pressure and you will have to find out where your sweet spot is as you can easily hurt yourself if not careful . I plan on getting a second one to mod with padding and submit once I have a prototype that I am happy with . Padding will be removal able . It should have came with instruction DVD that I bought from another vendor . I had two friends think it was a sex toy when I showed it to them . Would like to be able to remove the balls and have multiple places the selection where to screw in . I quit wasting money going to my chiropractor as he has hurt me and I had to teach him how to unstiff me . I have done it so much and tested many ways I have it down to a science and have helped others who went to him better than he could and did not hurt them . If you have stiff joints this is a great item to help you stop the pain . I hated how pills made me sick and it was easier to deal with pain than throw up . Be real easy and learn how it works for you as I have used it all over with testing in various stages in the range of motion I can move and been very glad I bought it
 I purchased this Back Buddy because I have this muscle in my mid back that spasms every few weeks for a day or 2 . It is very annoying and right where I ca n't reach . The Back Buddy hits the spot and the pain is over much more quickly now .
 Easy to get it on those hard to get spots ! It makes me happy to have something that can release those knotty trigger points without me having to go beg a friend to do it or get to the chiropractor/massage therapist .
 My friend recommended I get this for my back since he loves his . I am SO happy I bought it . I actually find I use it on my feet more often than my back . For the first time I can actually reach all the sores spots on my back and feet and apply just the right amount of pressure . Buy it you wo n't be sorry .
 I had tried my friend 's TheraCane for shoulder and neck pain and after reading the reviews , I chose the Body Back Buddy instead . I like the extra knobs and the fact that it has a more pointed knob and rounded knob for different amounts of pressure . I do not regret my decision or the few extra dollars the Body Back Buddy costs , although the TheraCane works well too . It is quite a conversation starter when people see it sitting on my couch . My friend who has fibromyalgia and my Aunt who is a hairstylist and has back pain both thought it was helpful . I have finger numbness and shoulder and neck pain and the BBB has helped a lot . I also use it on my feet when they are sore . It 's my husband 's new best friend , because I 'm not constantly asking him to rub my shoulders or my feet .
 This is an awesome tool . If you have ever had trigger points in spots where you can not reach - this is your answer -LRB- short of a massage therapist -RRB- . You can get anywhere on your body with various tips on this tool . Great tool to have for relief of trigger points or areas that you want to massage on your own but can not reach
 My massage therapist recommended this tool as an acupressure device I could use on myself . I bought one soon after and it has really helped me get to the knots I develop around my upper back and shoulder blades . I was so impressed with it I convinced my boss to get one for our office and now I hear people singing its praises all the time .
 Body Back Buddy is a good product . You can use it many places on your body . You can use it on someone else . It works well .
 This thing looks crazy when you take it out of the package but it works wonders . I briefly glanced at the instructions and then got to work on my problem areas . I was able to work though a constant nagging knot in my shoulder/back area . I 've had it 3 weeks or so and am primarily still working my upper back and shoulders . I know not to bother the knots too much but a few minutes every other day should be good for starters.Great product . It has helped me tremendously . If I could bring one to work and not look like an idiot I would . But I would , so I wo n't .
 This works very well to press against those pesky sore muscles . Be careful as it is easy to go to hard
 I have used this item in trigger point therapy and it allows me to hit trigger areas with pinpoint accuracy . The design allows for enough controlled pressure to be applied to reach deep trigger areas in the back .
 I originally thought since it was plactic was n't going to be as effective but works just as the metal ones .
 I have chronic knots in my upper trap , levator scap and rhomboids . The best thing is to get a good massage but who can afford that ? and I feel bad asking my husband every night . BBuddy really does allow you to apply a good amount of pressure to unreachable places . I also bought one for my sister .
 bought this as a cheaper alternative to the theracane -- but from what I can tell , it 's even better . great for the tension/knots in my upper-back -- and from what I can tell , should help with a lot of other areas if you follow the pamphlet and contort yourself : -RRB-
 Cant say much for this product as I have not had the opportunity to use it but it is as described , very durable in construction and could hold up to any type of massage work in my opinion
 When I first saw how big it was I was worried about being able to use and maneuver it but it is really very easy . Works great on those hard to reach knots .
 My massage therapist recommended one of these for me to use in between visits . What an awesome product ! I LOVE it & would recommend it to others .
 i ordered the Body Buddy to work on painful areas . Am awaiting instruction from my physical therapist to use it .
 Received the thera cane in the time it was promised and it is in great condition .
 I suffer from aches and pains on a frequent basis in the following areas : Under my left shoulder bladeMy JawMy right wristMy left footUsing the body back buddy to work on these sore areas and the areas surrounding them , has really helped tremendously!I would highly recommend this as a tool for self care on the condition that , once you get it , use it a little bit at a time , finding out what works best for you .
 I had the worst shoulder and neck pain yesterday 8/17 from sitting in front of the computer all day . I had this pain going on for more than 2 years , but I received the body back today . I took it home and tried it . I could actually get the points where I needed to most . It relieves the pain . Please get this when you are in pain . Do not waste your money at massage therapy like me . I spent thousands I mean thousands of dollars.This is my first review at Amazon . Wait This is my first for everywhere.Thanks
 This thing has become part of my daily maintenance . I was having extreme back cramping from surfing and other heavy activity and once I started using the buddy on a regular basis the cramping subsided and after two-three weeks was gone ! 5 Chiropratic visits and 90 minute massage did not work but my new buddy sure did the trick !
 Wonderful product . I love it . I appreciate the S shape -LRB- as opposed to the cane shape , without a 2nd curve -RRB- , because while I 'm sitting I can use my legs to put pressure on my back/shoulders -LRB- which means I can put more pressure and not use my upper body -LRB- stressed -RRB- muscles for it .
 Hook it over your shoulder , probe around until you find the tension and then -LRB- using gravity alone -RRB- drape your arms over one of the extended ends of the device . Allow yourself to zone-out for about 10 seconds and you will feel your body begin to relax . I work at a desk all day and have to remind myself to take breaks.Since receiving my B-B-Buddy , I look forward the first signs of tension just to experience the relief it produces!Highly recommended !
 Love my Body Back Buddy -LSB- which I still refer to as a Theracane -RSB- , YES worth every penny , shipped out & arrived quickly , appreciated that they used paper rather than foam or other packing peanuts to ship it , the Theracane is very light & portable , I 'm a musician & have been bringing it with me to gigs when my shoulder has been kicking up - I go out to the car for a quick tune-up between sets to help relieve the pain - SO grateful !!! Easily hooks onto stationary objects for more position options -LRB- the door-jam , for example . -RRB- Easy to use & versatile .
 Pain can make you choose anything to help . Wonderfully , this product is designed to exactly fit your arms , hands , and body . After just a few uses , I found my body quickly figured out how to apply this tool so naturally , it did n't need to be instructed . Best of all , you do n't tire working with it so you can relax your whole being . Thanks !
 I absolutely LOVE my backbuddy . I always have tons of knots in my back and this does great for them . If you have issues with your back , I highly recommend getting this !
 If you have trigger point pain this bodybuddy is what you need , reaches areas you ca n't . Wish I had known about these years ago .
 i tried at least a dozen therapies and treatments for my shoulder pain after a roll-over car accident , and this is one of my favorites ! if you already know that deep pressure on the part of your body that hurts causes you to jump a bit ... but ultimately provides relief ... this may be the gadget for reaching those difficult places.in case you 're on a search of your own for dealing with pain and are interested , the other things i tried were
 Very good product . Great at getting under the shoulder blades , which is where my back typically hurts . Also good for the base of the skull and transition to my neck . I wish I knew that it came in sizes when I ordered . This one works but the larger model would be easier to get around my shoulders since I 'm a big guy .
 This is an awesome tool ! I have to rely on myself when my muscles in my back and neck hurt and this is tool is great ! Makes it easy to massage all parts of the body with out a massage therapist . The only down side is the small booklet that comes with it is very basic and only has pictures to show you . This booklet needs to be more informative but other than that this is the best tool for self massage and trigger point pressure work . I did find that to make it easier and smoother I put a little massage oil or cream on the end that I am using for the back , keeps the friction down and it does n't feel like your tearing the skin .
 Great for self massage through releasing trigger points . These had been recommended to us in massage therapy school to keep ourselves healthy . I love it !!
 this self massager works great . it 's solid and has many spots to grab on to for adjustment/placement of the massage points . great for back muscles !
 I love this product !! I have `` tension knots '' in my back and this has improved them 99.9 % !! My Grandmother also has back problems and used my back buddy and she said she slept like she has n't slept in years ! I gave her mine and just ordered another one ! I 've had a hard time getting through the past week without it !! I would recommend this to anyone who has pain in the back , neck , shoulders , etc. .
 Wow ! this product works wonders . It delivers such exquisite results that it even dulls the pain that comes with the knowledge that I have no friends or loved ones to rub my back for me . The warranty should last at least until my next purchase , Neck Noose Buddy , arrives . Oh , happy day .
 I bought the Body Back Buddy after a friend of mine let me borrow their Thera Cane , which I loved . I bought The Body Back Buddy thinking it would be superior to the Thera Cane due to the advanced design . However , now having used both , I would have bought the Thera Cane instead . With that said , I do use my Body Back Buddy often .
 No longer do I have to wait to get a massage to work the tightness out of my back muscles . It 's not a &#34; feel good &#34; piece of equipment . But , it gets to the spots that need to be worked out . I feel that it 's worthwhile .
 I 'm a little bit of a masochist when it comes to massages , and this lets me use all the pressure I need . I get knotted up from working out and sitting at my desk all day , which is a pretty lethal combination . I 've used lacrosse balls , which are n't a terrible option , but this is so much better ! I can really dig into the spots that bother me , and it 's certainly easier than trying to get a buddy to find the exact right spot -LRB- and then to use enough pressure -RRB- . I use it when I 'm working , watching tv or using my stair stepper -LRB- multi-tasking ! -RRB- . I ca n't recommend this highly enough . It looks a little crazy , but after a little trial and error , you 'll figure out what works best for you . And best of all
 I love this product , would recommend it to everyone . Shipping was terrible though . I do n't think it was as much of a problem with the seller as much as my problems with amazon . It was supposed to come as a gift for Christmas and did n't come until the 30th . Buzzkill .
 I sit at a computer all day and my back and neck hurt all the time . This product has kept me sane ! Thanks Body Back Buddy!This shipper was very quick to ship , even though I ordered during the holidays !
 I think this is well worth the cost . I 'm always trying to reach the knots in my back or making my husband massage them . This makes it easy for me to reach the spots myself .
 I bought this as a christmas present for my wife and could not be more satisfied . When it comes down to it we 're talking about a piece of plastic , but it works well and was delivered in a timely fashion . I give full marks .
 The Back Buddy has done a great job of working out the kinks and allowing me to put pressure on the trigger points that release my neck tension . Also great for those tight shoulder muscles . Spend some time with the included trigger point book , it really improves the experience .
 I have had problems with my back for years . I 've been going to the chiropractor for the past 5 years and they have done a great job . However , I have always suffered from muscle pain even after having adjustments . My chiropractor had the backknobber in her officer to sell but I wanted to do research on it . I 'm glad that I did because I stumbled onto the Body Back Buddy . It seemed to be a much better quality and it is . I LOVE MY BODY BACK BUDDY ! It really gets the tightness out of my muscles so I do n't have to go to the chiropractor as much . It is well worth the money which is less than 1 visit to the doctor . This is the perfect gift for someone with ongoing back pain .
 I ordered this on the recommendation of a physical therapist who thought I might benefit from Trigger Point Therapy . It is extremely sturdy and easy to use . It took three weeks of working with it and while I wo n't say I 'm `` cured '' I will say I no longer take pain pills daily after eight years of suffering with back pain . I am also going to get the Travel size Back Buddy for when I 'm away from home . It was well worth what I paid for it and I 've already recommended it to a friend with similar problems !
 Im not as young as I used to be . I often wake up in the morning with knots or stiffness . This product has worked wonderfully well for me . I had a few knots that been around for a few weeks . I used this product three times a day for three days and they were gone . I got full range of motion in my arms after that .
 Great for getting those touch to reach spots in your back between your shoulder blades!I would highly recommend this product to anyone who suffers from muscle tightness in their upper back.I 'm sure it 's great for other areas of the body too , but this just happens to be the particular part I need to work on.The easiest part is that you leverage your own body weight to apply the pressure - so YOU can decide how soft or hard to press on the trigger point.Very happy with this product WHEN I can find the time to use it !
 This is a fabulous product . I always have knots in my back , which are difficult to get out , even with massage . With this product , I can work on them comfortably for a short period of time every day .
 The Body Back Buddy is by far the best hook massage tool in my collection for a number of reasons.First off , I also own the standard S-Hook as well as the Theracane and from my experience with all three , this one is the winner by a long shot.The S-Hook 's main advantage is the ability to take it apart , which makes it very compact for travel purposes . But even still , I like to take the BBB with me unless compact space is absolutely critical.The Thera-Cane 's main advantage is its simplicity . It is one-sided and fairly light-weight compared to the BBB.Now for the real review , the Body Back Buddy has many advantages over the above mentioned tools . - 11 knobs in assorted sizes and shapes from small to round to pointy - Large enough to command and control comfortably - Handles are angled for better leverage compared to other tools - Can use on practically every muscle group from abs , chest , shoulders , whole back , quads , hams , feet , neck , etc. . . - Great conversation starterSummary : When I say I take my BBB with me everywhere , I mean EVERYWHERE ! It 's that awesome ! I 'm at a computer for 10 hours-a-day almost every day and before I found the BBB , I had a hard time releasing tight muscles and trigger points . Although I did have the S-Hook and Theracane , I found myself not using them as much as I do the BBB . My best guess is that it just was n't as effective and I quickly got tired of effort required . It 's true that you can use your body weight and larger muscle groups to leverage the pressure on the aforementioned tools , but the BBB is just much better at it.I especially love the pointy knobs for really digging into deep trigger points in the back , shoulder and feet . The center knob does a great job of releasing tension in the Multifidus muscles along the spine all the way up to the back of your neck.TIPS : - I highly recommend picking up The Frozen Shoulder Workbook and the Trigger Point Therapy Workbook if you 're serious about learning how trigger points affect your body . The combination of the BBB and those books make a highly effective solution if you suffer from musculoskeletal issues . This combination helped me recover from a severe snowboarding accident as well as empower me to help myself AND learn about my body . - There are so many creative ways to use this tool , years later , I still discover new uses ! - Try using the handle knobs to get your chest , abdomen areas . I 've noticed that people often just ignore the handle knobs , myself included in the beginning . - Breathing is crucial to getting that `` release '' or `` squishing '' on trigger points . Try to breathe and massage synergistically , focusing on expanding the area you 're working on with the breath .
 First off , I usually have tightness in my shoulders and neck -LRB- probably from spending too much time in front of a computer all day at work -RRB- . I also have stiffness in my lower back from time to time . The BBB is really effective at reaching all my knots and bringing relief through hitting those pressure points -LRB- on the neck , upper and lower shoulder blade , and all along the spine -RRB- . What makes it so good is that when you position the `` ball points '' on those areas , the tool is designed so that you can use just modest leverage to get to the deep tissue . This is key because you can use this for quite a while and not get tired . I ca n't stress the importance of this enough . I find that with proper positioning , I can really get a lot of pressure by simply using my arm weight with modest effort.Also , I find that with some practice you can actually slide the ball points along your tight areas , which more effectively mimics a real massage vs. just getting point pressure -LRB- which I find brings less relief -RRB- . For instance , by gently laying on top of the bbb -LRB- facing up -RRB- , I can get a very deep lower back massage - and all by myself!The bbb is also very sturdy . Takes a little bit of experimentation to get used to it , but all in all , it 's one of my favorite self-massage tools and I would highly recommend it .
 There is only one thing that I wish this tool would be and that is more travel friendly . It is a bit odd shaped and difficult to fit into a small to medium-sized gym bag and back pack . Otherwise I 'd take it with me everywhere . It is very effective at getting rid of all the aches and pains developed after sleeping in a bad position , working long hours , sitting at a computer for too long , traveling , and over-exertion . I must have saved several hundred dollars in massage therapy and pain killer medication costs in the past year and a half that I 've owned this .
 That was my question to friends who have this crazy-looking self-massage tool . After 10 minutes , I was `` hooked '' . The best thing is that you can relax -- as one should when trying to reduce pain -- and even laugh while you tie yourself in a pretzel exploring the impact of each knob on each pain spot . And it 's incredibly versatile . Neck pain ? Got it ! Cramp in the arch of your foot ? Fixed . Muscle knot that you ca n't reach yourself ? No worries . Besides , even if it does n't work , what a great conversation starter on a cold rainy night in the Pacific Northwest
 So I bought this as I have a tweaked neck from too much Basketball . I was massaging my own neck where it hurt but this made things worse . I realized one day how tight the muscles around my shoulder blade have gotten . My wife tried but too delicate and although I realized these pressure points and muscles where the ones responsible for my neck pain she just could n't get enough pressure on them . This Back Buddy is great and I 've used it for 3 days now and already my neck and back feel better , more loose , etc. . . I 'd like to mention this is more like giving yourself a deep tissue massage . It 's not the gentle rubbing that some people prefer . The plastic contact points are rather small -LRB- end of your thumb -RRB- and although there are some bigger ones this tool seems to lean towards the firm touch massage . I guess if they had some larger points of contact I would like to try that too -LRB- 4 stars for this instead of 5 -RRB- but this is exactly what I needed for rock solid , knotted muscles . Also it 's very easy to use and apply more than enough pressure if needed . You can easily work on your back , shoulder blades , etc. . . for a solid hour without tiring as it 's leverage and design works that well . Be cautious not to overdue it the first few days though . I found it works best with shirt off and some massage oil or lotion . Through the clothes works but you ca n't slide it around as well so this requires a bit more effort.I highly recommend this for those wanting a firm massage ! Also shipping was fast and this thing is super durable . I 'm loving it !
 This is an absolutely great tool for massaging one 's own `` trigger points '' or knotted muscles.The `` thera-cane '' is recommended by many trigger point practitioners , and this is even better in my opinion . It has more options and you can reach virtually any point of your body with this thing and dig into your muscles to help release the trigger points that cause pain.This thing works , and it 's great . Especially if you already know where your trigger points are . If not , I recommend the book by Clair Davies , sold here , the title is something like The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook.Anyway , this is a great tool . Overpriced , but you really ca n't get anything like this anywhere else for cheaper , so ... . go for it !
 I have used it daily for a few weeks now following the advice on the book `` The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook
 This has made a huge difference in my life !! I keep telling others about it , but I ca n't even get my husband to try it . It works !! It took a couple months of consistent use for me to finally get rid of the back pain I have had for years . I would suggest also buying a book on Trigger point therapy . I bought two
 this works really well at getting at those pressure points ... especiallyin the traps area . i just wish there were more detailed usage pictureson the different ways to use each point or nub . otherwise ... great productand more versatile than the theracane i used in OT .
 I ordered this to help release trigger points on my muscles to relieve fybromyalgia symptoms . It works wonderfully , and there is no place I can not reach with one knob or another . The two ends of the `` S '' are different . One is a ball , the other shaped more like an elbow . The two perpendicular pieces are the same way . This tool will allow me to hit any trigger point I want to with as much depth or pressure as I need . Until I am rich enough to afford my own massage therapist , this is the next best thing .
 after having a few physical therapy session for lower back and hip pain I found this on web blog and figured i give it a try . It has help me and its great for rubbing out knots in my back or sore muscle well worth it
 My husband , bless his heart , is not good at giving shoulder massages . My trapezius muscles get SO tight and sore and this is the first thing that can really work out those kinks . I 've tried the electronic massagers but they never got the right spot . I highly recommend the body back buddy .
 The more you use it , the less you actually NEED to use it !! It releases the tension build up within a few hours of using it . I used to have terrible pain at the base of my head and neck , and since I 've been using this , I am able to prevent the pain from getting worse after one use ! Everyone who has tried it , wants one of their own . I definetly recommend this for anyone who has hard to reach pains !!
 Body Back BuddyI purchased the Body Back Buddy from Amazon especially for my wife because she has fibromialgia and a lot of trigger points in her back that she ca n't reach to ease her pain . she says it works great and loves it and since i do n't have to wear out my fingers pressing on her sore spots i love it too . Michael Coughenour Butler , Pa
 This is awesome for those of us who suffer from knots in hard to reach places . You 'll need to take some time to familiarize yourself with how to use it , but it 's worth it . Build quality is good and should last for years . This product really helps you take away the pain .
 This is the perfect tool to reach anywhere you have a knot . It does n't come with a manuel but you can download one from the manufacturer 's website . The main thing to consider , however , is that it is rather large , so if you 're looking for something more portable you should chose one of the smaller versions .
 The Body Back Buddy is an excellent self massage tool . It was easy to manipulate to reach each trigger point on my body . It is a little awkward to use at first , but once you get the hang of it , it can be used easily . I use mine after every work out !
 I am constantly battling knots in my shoulders , and the Body Back Buddy is just what I need to get relief at the end of the day . The BBB is sturdy and well designed to allow you to work over most tight spots that are out of reach . The curved hook for shoulders alone is worth the price ! I use it everyday , and I 'm always finding new ways to apply it to different muscle groups . I am a triathlete and I use the BBB for post-workout recovery from longer or intense exercise . If you buy this product and a foam roller , you are going to be in great shape .
 This is a good device for getting to those knots in your back . The material is has just the right flexibility and the two different size hooks are just the right size . I do wish one of the knobs were larger , but they are good none the less.The only con I would say about this product is that the instruction manual leaves a lot to be desired , but then again , just using it you will figure it out .
 This is one of those items that has the appearance of `` snake oil '' but is n't . It 's an amazing product . While it 's really great for `` spot '' issues , if you put some lotion on your back and use ball end , it 's pretty incredible for an entire muscle region . Totally surpasses all of those other hand-massagers .
 OK , so I expected this thing to suck . It looks dorky and the person who 's using it in the pictures looks attractive and weird at the same time . Actually , she 's kinda cute . Anywhoooo ... I like this thing alot . I have 2 bulging discs in my back and , because I 'm old -LRB- late 30s -RRB- and run a lot , have lots of ridiculous mystery pains all over the place . I do n't `` massage '' so much as find the muscular pain , put pressure on it and let the muscle relax . I usually use it in the morning to get rid of stiffness in my back and legs and it really works . It 's akin to a masseuse finding knots and digging in with an elbow or thumb except this does n't cost $ 90/hour . It 's totally worth a try if you have pain like me . Right now , it 's $ 30 and I think that 's a pretty good price . Probably worth it up to about $ 50 . It 's very sturdy plastic . Not flimsy in the least . When I hook it over my shoulder or around my back and apply pressure pushing forward , it barely bends if at all . In fact , I stubbed my toe on it the other night and had plenty of choice words -LRB- see
 This funky looking contraption is named Body Back Buddy appropriately . When used with the Trigger Point Therapy Workbook by Claire Davies , you can take control of your own muscle health . While its named for the back , this fabulous tool can be used on any part of your body . It 's the best way I 've found to get control of those hard to reach places with the least amount of effort and the most leverage . You definitely need this in your self-treatment toolbox .
 I purchased this Body Back Buddy for my Mom but before I gave it to her I used it for a couple of weeks . Man , I loved this thing . I have a spot under my right shoulder-blade that bothers me something fierce . It feels like it 's on fire . My Chiropractor ca n't fix it and my wife , although she makes it feel much better , does n't not have the power to press the spot as hard as it needs . The Back Body however gets the spot really well . Nice design , simple to use and very little strength is needed to make it work . This will definitely be going on my Christmas list.Oh , and one more thing . One reviewer said this was made of cheap plastic . That could n't be farther from the truth . I put tons of pressure on this unit and there is no way anyone could break it . It flexes ever-so slightly but I think that 's a good thing .
 This funny looking apparatus does work . It will reach the trigger points in your back and there is no doubt when you hit them . To use it properly you need to also get a book on Trigger Point Therapy . I have the one by Clair Davies and while technical , it tells you what you need to do . I also have the small theracane but it ca n't compare to what this unit can do . Overall it is well worth the price at half the cost of one massage .
 I have mild scoliosis , and have had a history of a ruptured disc in my lower back . I 've done well until this past year . In April , I had a return of sciatica . Many tests have not shown anything `` physical '' to explain the often incapacitating pain.Along with medical pain management , I have added massage therapy . Recently , after a therapist spent hours trying to get the knots out of my back , he recommended that I look for this tool , as a way to help massage my own muscles between visits.What a godsend ! A few minutes several times a day seems to give me hours of pain relief . It looks funny , and I suspect that my husband does not quite believe me when I say its for back massage , but hey.Its not expensive , not high tech , and helps a lot . What more can you ask for ? Stores easily in a closet or under the bed.I have recently found a dual use
 I recomend this self massger over some of the others available because of the extra knobs on the unit . I am a former massage therapist and know the proper way and place to put pressure . This does not come with any directions on how to use it , you just have to experiment with it and figure out what feels good . It does get to spots you ca n't get to on your own normaly if you do n't have some one to massage your back for you . It also feels really good on the feet . There are two kind of knobs on this one is round and one has a sharper point to get more intense pressure . I gave it a 4 and not a 5 stars because it does n't come with any directions . A video would be even better .
 I love this for myself and also gave one to my mother as a gift and she is also pleased . Versatile and wonderful when you ca n't get someone else to give you a massage . You can print out an instructional guide from the internet .
 Here is my story
 Tool works great for those trigger points . A wedge on one end lets you get in behind the shoulder blades .
 If you 're an athlete looking to relieve muscle soreness in your back the Body Back Buddy will do it . I 've used mine for a couple of years now and it works wonders . At two feet in length and twenty inches in width , this blue S-shaped device is an effective self-massage tool .
 My husband has knots in hard to reach places on his back and this product can get everyone ! It was worth every penny !
 It will only take 2 words to sum up this product
 I am pleased with this product ! It works great . Do yourself a favor and do n't purchase it from this seller -LRB- Excercise Goods -RRB- . I paid $ 7.95 for shipping , it took 14 days for delivery , and the seller tried to bribe me into removing my negative feedback !! Not good customer service at all .
 This is the wierdest looking thing to explain to someone who first sees it . It looks like it might be a sex toy . For massaging your own back it works great . It seemed expensive before I ordered it , but it is very sturdy and the price seems more reasonable now that I have it .
 Looks kind of funny , but there is a crazy amount of uses for this . Reaches anywhere!Takes some time to get use to and find the right knob.I found the best place to use it is in bed . This way , all your mussels are relaxed.I personally have to go to massage therapy every week to keep my back from pain . With this tool , I am able to get into places the therapist would normally work on . I get pain relief within minutes!I would recommend this to anyone who has chronic mussel pain .
 I just got this yesterday and used it last night . Fumbled just a bit getting the hang of where to put the hands and whether to push or pull the device . It took just a couple minutes to get the feel of the leverage . The tool is very effective at pushing in to trigger points . For me , it took very little pressure to produce profound results -- electric zaps and pain in places I had no idea were affected by my trigger points . I woke up this morning in a bit less pain than usual . Loosening up the vise grip in my back and shoulders will be a lengthy process , I 'm sure . But , not being able to afford time or money for regular massage therapy , this is my solution . I feel a sense of relief and happiness that I can manage on my own .
 I work at a computer for several hours of my day . My back and neck were suffering greatly ... until the Body Back Buddy . Truly saved me from a chiropractor or weekly massage - all for under $ 30 !! If you are on the fence between this model and its predecessor , choose this one , simply for its ability to provide more options and really get into those tension spots . I use it daily for ten minutes and what a difference !! I have n't had difficulty turning my neck ... no pain in the upper left hand side of my back and a difference in my posture as well - all because this product really was well thought out and can get to those `` tough to reach areas . '' Save your back AND your wallet ... you really ca n't go wrong with this one !! Check out the videos to assist in use too .
 The Body Back Buddy is as described and seems to be well-made . It 's a type of plastic , but it 's quite stiff and it does n't flex too much . The only caveat is that it may not fit individuals with a large chest . I have a 47 '' chest and the larger side just barely fits around my chest . It still works for me , but if your chest is larger than 47 '' , it may be a problem .
 Holy Cow ... I do n't leave reviews . I order too much from Amazon , because I do n't have time to stop and do things like write reviews . But this BodyBackBuddy ... OH MY GOODNESS . One of the best purchases I 've made in YEARS . I need DEEP pressure , and my wife 's poor thumbs ca n't always handle the load . But now I can dig out knots that my professional masseuse could n't get to ! I LOVE this thing ... considering the mini version for travel , because the only con I can come up with is the size . But it 's thin , so I 'll find a place to store it .
 I have had neck and shoulder pain forever . Usually begging for a massage and dragging myself to the spa for one when I have the time . The rest of the time suffering with neck pain , which often results in a headache after a while . Saw this a few days again and thought what the heck . Just came in the mail and tried it out . Within minutes my neck and shoulders feel fantastic . I can not believe I waited so long for this ! This really is one of the best purchases ... my family thanks you as well because I do n't need them anymore :-RRB- Anybody suffering from neck , shoulder , back pain this is definitely worth a try . Worked for me instantaneously . Thank you !!
 I have suffered with neck and upper back pain for years that I attribute to my very physical job , which requires a lot of pushing and pulling of heavy equipment . I see a chiropractor and get regular massages which provides some relief , but it never lasts more than a couple of days . My massage therapist suggested I look into a Theracane but after doing some research , I decided to go with the Body Back Buddy . I began using it the day I received it and it has done wonders for me ! I agree with some other reviewers that there is n't very good instruction on how to use it , but with a little experimentation I think anyone can get benefit from it . You have to probe around until you find a sore spot and then use GENTLE pressure to relieve the knotted muscle . I press and hold it for 10 to 20 seconds on the sore muscle and then release . I do this everywhere I find a sore spot and then go back and do it again . I am using it twice a day , morning and evening . You definitely have to be careful and gentle though , or you can hurt yourself ! Do n't overdo any one muscle . The Body Back Buddy has helped me tremendously !!!
 The product came in an extremely big box , much bigger than necessary . It 's hard , flat plastic -- I 'm pretty sure it could have survived a trip through shipping without so much cardboard.When I opened the box , I did n't realize the backbuddy was so big ! I 'm only 5 feet , so it was a lot bigger on me than the girl in the pictures . I was really planning to return it because I did n't want something so big and clunky in my house.Besides that point , when I finally tried the BB , it worked wonders ! Even with the size difference , I was able to adjust it so I could reach different places on my back . I was extremely impressed at the amount of pressure I could exert into the knots . I can finally exert the amount of deep tissue pressure I 've always want in a massage . I woke up this morning feeling pain/soreness free . I 'm sitting at my 8 hour desk job feeling very good and have n't had to pop any joints yet . I do n't think I 'll be mailing it back . I 'll find some place to stash it .
 I 've been experimenting with Trigger Point work for over a year now , and this find is a game-changer . For anyone that has been trying to get those hard-to-reach spots by kneading with fingers or leaning into strategically-placed tennis balls and the like , this tool is a must-have . Something about the design enables amazing leverage right into the sore spots , and you can really feel the difference as blood gets circulating into tight tissue . Using this has helped me get creative with trigger points that I had n't even attempted before.Pro 's : * They really have engineered the spacing of knobs and shape of the device to be optimal for different parts of the body . * SturdyCon 's : * The name
 I 'm not sure where the S-shaped massage tool originated , but the Japanese have been using them for quite a while . Some of the more modern ones , consist of an S-shaped metal rod , with a small wooden ball at each end of the ` S ' . Made of plastic , the Body Back Buddy -LRB- BBB -RRB- takes this basic idea and refines it , by adding handles and an assortment of pressure points , and nubs to stimulate various trigger points in the body.Some thought evidently went into the design , but the effectiveness of any particular pressure point or technique , will differ between individuals . Finding out what works for you , is mostly a process of experimentation . Body Back 's website provides additional information , like a pressure point chart and illustrations and videos showing how the BBB can be used , but it 's up to you to try different things . When experimenting with various positions , it 's probably advisable to leave some clear space around you , as it is possible that you might accidentally swing the BBB into something.Made of heavy duty plastic , the BBB seems very sturdy , and is backed by a lifetime warranty . The two straight handles added to the S-shaped main frame , are a good idea , as they provide convenient places to grip and apply pressure . It may work for some , but in my case , the sharp points usually cause too much pain and chafe my skin . Jamming a tennis ball on the end of the S curve , provides a nice round surface that works pretty well for on my shoulders and back , which is probably the area of the body the BBB is best suited for . The sharp points may work better , when there is a thick layer of flesh between the surface of the skin and the bone.While the BBB works pretty well , the story is different for the Mini Self Massage Tool , which is designed for the back . It 's not constructed of the same thick plastic as the BBB , and is more prone to bending when even a moderate amount of pressure is applied . If you pull on it hard , it feels like it could snap , which might be very dangerous . Again , the sharp point on the tool causes pain , so I also jammed a tennis ball on it . The results are a little better , but still not that great . This tool is more useful delivering soft blows on the back , rather than in applying pressure at a specific point . If you sit on a chair , put it on your shoulder and lean back with the ball in the shoulder blade area , it can do some good . The Mini Tool only costs five dollars more , but you might want to get just the BBB alone.With the tennis ball modification , I find the BBB to be helpful in relieving stress and pain , mostly in my neck , shoulders , and back . It is supposed to help in other areas of the body , but so far I have n't had solid results anywhere else . The large S-shaped frame does allow you to have the leverage to apply a decent amount of pressure , which can be very helpful in treating pain . The BBB may work for you as designed , but using it with the tennis ball modification is crucial for me . I can often get some relief , just using a tennis ball alone . It 's simple to use , inexpensive , and really can produce remarkable results . While there are many places a tennis ball wo n't work , you might want to try using one first , before investing in something like the BBB .
 I came across this on vacation and thought it was brilliant ! Such a clever design ; no matter how you use it , it does GOOD work at digging into tight muscles . And it 's an awful lot cheaper than regular massages . I was excited to find it on amazon.com .
 This is wonderful . I am amazed just how tough it is . I am someone that no one can press hard enough to massage , and with this I can push as hard as I want . It 's strong , durable , and extremely effective .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- That is for all of the people complaining about lack of instructions . You would think a person would know how to use Google if they are internet savvy enough post reviews on Amazon.Anyway , this is a great product . It is for trigger point . If you do n't know what that is , educate yourself . Amazon sells books on the subject or there is always that mysteriously Google that people seem to have forgotten about .
 But it 's pretty damn close ! I 've been recovering from a shoulder injury , and the Back Buddy has been a great help . If nothing else , it 's a real conversation-starter ; -RRB-
 This is a great tool to use alone . . :-RRB- If nobody is around to hit the spot for you this guy is great . It can reach your back easily without strain . We have 2 in the family now . Great Christmas gift for that hard to buy someone .
 The Back Buddy is very durable . The quality of the plastic is exceedingly superior and you would never be able to break it . I use it a lot . I would recommend it to anyone who does not have a private masseuse .
 The back buddy is such a cool tool ! As a massage therapist I recommend it to all my clients ! Allows specific work right where you need it !
 This has been one the greatest tools for stretching my neck , shoulder , and back muscles . An inexpensive method for a tool that lasts forever . I have a chronic pinched nerve at C6 that frequently refers pain to my left back shoulder and I use the Back Buddy to put pressure and stretch that muscle . I also use it on my neck muscles that flank my spine . I highly recommend using it on a regular basis if you carry your tension in your neck , shoulders , and back . I 've been using it for a couple of years now ; whenever I go on a trip for even one day , it goes with me too . A good buddy to have ; no pun intended .
 Great tool - Super versatile . Highly recommended . The only drawback is that it is huge . I was able to work out a knot I 'd had behind my shoulder blade in a matter of minutes . Cant say enough good about this tool .
 bought this for my boyfriend for christmas , he had one a long time ago and wanted one badly . theres not much to it , a piece of plastic - what you see is what you get , but he loves it
 Great item . Covers all the pressure points without paying for a therapist at $ 85 for 30 minutes . Great remedy for what aches you .
 I have been wanting this for years . I am a licensed massage therapist , so who massages the therapist ? She works on herself ! This is really nice . I 've been working with it since Christmas day and I really like it . It is very light weight but not flimsy at all , it 's very strong and sturdy . It 's big enough to maneuver around the body for the hard-to-reach-all-by-yourself-places , but not at all cumbersome . I can also instruct my husband where and how to use it on me . I would highly recommend this to anyone .
 I could n't afford to go see a masseur twice a week for my neck and back pain which causes my headaches so I thought I would try this little contraption out . It 's a little funky when it comes to design but I do think that it 's very useful . I use it 3-4 times a week and in combination with some stretching I feel that it 's helped a little . I am happy with it so far and have already recommended it to friends and co-workers who are stressed out and have muscle aches too !
 I 've had a Body Back Buddy for several months and it has changed my life . I 've practiced self-massage for years and always struggled to reach the deepest knots in my back and shoulders without causing stress on my other muscles trying to reach them . Using the Body Back Buddy I can precisely reach the exact muscles that are knotted and hurting the most and apply as much pressure as I want , without having to contort my body or strain other muscles doing so . The `` side-by-side '' knobs are perfect for working out all those hard to reach muscles in the neck and lower back . I wish I had one of these years ago . If you 're thinking of buying one , do n't hesitate !
 I have my doubt about this product . But let me tell you , it works . Very clever invention . I usually dont write product review . But after I finished using it , I decided that it deserves some positive comments from me . Get it , it is a good investment . You will not regret it .
 Great relief for muscle and ligament aches do to tension and over work . I had chronic pain of muscles , tendons and ligaments because of some bulging discs in my upper spine . When I use this tool to put pressure against those sore areas , my pain goes away . It is the best substitute for a body message and helps me stay limber and pain free . Best use of my money in a long time .
 It 's taken me over a month to get around to writing this review simply because I have been too busy using the Back Buddy . It is AMAZING!I saw my massage therapist use one at my chiropractors office a while ago , then stumbled upon this one on Amazon . I asked my Chiro if he could order one , he said sure , for $ 75 . Told him I saw this one for $ 35 , he said to try it out.It takes a little getting used to , and a lot of trial and error to use it correctly , the instructions are just a bunch of pictures of someone using it do n't worry the learning curve is n't steep , but when you find the good spots ... it is great ! The `` S '' curves are a little tight for bigger people , I 'm 6 ' 2 '' 275lbs and it just fits me . And I ruined a good suitcase stuffing it in on a trip . I see they have a portable one which may go on my wish-list . So what are waiting for , buy it already !
 The back buddy is the best ! It gets in those spots you cant get to and allows you to apply as much or as little pressure as you need . As someone who suffers with chronic neck and back pain the back buddy has been life changing .
 During a recent travel trip carrying a heavy back pack , I strained my trapezius . I ended up suffering for months with daily constant tension and pain . Anti-inflammatories and pain killers prescribed by two sets of doctors werent helping.I didnt have the money for private physio so after some internet research I purchased this tool . It really works ! I was able to locate the trigger points in my trapezius and after applying heavy pressure for a minute on each one I could feel them `` release '' . After about a week of 10 minutes of daily use my pain and tension had really subsided now about 80 % back to normal !
 I bought this for my husband after seeing it used by actors I work with . He has terrible neck and back pain which has required many medical treatments . At home we have tried everything from a tennis ball to different massagers , and none of them truly relieved the pressure until this item ! He went to youtube and watched a few videos to learn how to use it and absolutely loves it !
 I bought this as a gift for my wife but I end up using it a lot , too . It takes some reading of their material to fully understand how to use it - or , more accurately , where to use it . But once you get that basic understanding , you 'll find that you can easily and quickly relieve muscle tension and soreness .
 I bought both the backknobber and this unit . I use the backknobber at work , because it can break down into smaller size and looks clean . However , the backknobber will come apart if you press really hard for deep tissue action -LRB- it unlatches itself and shoots 1-half across the room -RRB- . This is where this unit will accel and you do n't have to worry about blowing it up . Another thing I like about this unit is the more aggressive cone-point on one end , oppsed to a ball-point . -1 star
 Purchased this prodcut for my father as a gift as he loves it . He wanted one ever since he saw and tried the one we had . We got ours from my aunty who is a massage therapist . She recommends this product to her clients all the time . Its perfect to help massage those back and neck knots when no one is there to help . Very good buy and we highly recommend it .
 Bought this to help relieve pain from a pinched nerve , and it definitely helps . A little awkward looking so it 's not great to take in to work , but it serves its purpose .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this product . After several years of physical therapy , pain reliever and muscle relaxers I 'm finally pain free . I purchased this along with &#34; The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook
 I have very tight shoulders , and this thing is magic . I 've been using it for about a week now -LRB- 1-2 times per day -RRB- and have already seen a huge difference . The main advantage of this item over a theracane is the pointed tip on one of the curved ends that REALLY allows you to pinpoint and &#34; dig &#34; much more effectively .
 I saw this as a recommended product and my roommate told me he 's used one before and it was amazing . He was right ... hits all the spots , well thought out , and I 'm sure that the people who invented this are now filthy rich , and they deserve to be - there 's nothing like this on the market at all ... just get it .
 You really need to learn how to use this properly or at least how you prefer before you can judge it . Often , having someone working on your back is tough cause they can not feel exactly where the knot is . With this , you can work whatever part of your back you like for as long as you like . Well worth it .
 Bought this as a Christmas present for my husband and sister . They both LOVE this ! It really gets into those hard to get pressure points . Has already relieved some of the muscle soreness in my husband 's back .
 I have been dealing with a bad shoulder for years & this allows me to perform trigger point release of the muscles that are hard to reach . I ca n't believe I waited soo long to break down a purchase this device . Its now something I use on a daily basis for my muscle aches , pains & tightness . Its a great way to get relief when you cant afford accupuncture or a massage !! Inexpensive life saver !!
 I have severe muscle stiffness and pain in my neck shoulders , and have done a lot of stretching and exercise in attempts to ease the pain , but nothing has been as wonderful as this . It takes some practice to figure out , but the possibilities are endless . The neck , Shoulder , rib , and lower back are all within reach , and the device is capable of holding a lot of force . I found I 've been able to adjust my lower neck , mid back , and shoulders with only about 5 minutes of effort . I 've pushed and twisted as hard as I can , and there 's not even a hint of yielding or cracking . The beauty is that it 's got so many different positions , and the pressure points are arranged in so many different spots , that it will work wherever you need it.Sure , the think looks funny , seems excessively large and your friends will probably comment about it being some kind of wierd sex toy ... but just go with it , it 's awesome .
 I am really happy with the purchase . It 's a great way on applying pin point pressure with the strength and accuracy that only you and your body feel is right . I think it 's a nice tool to have along with stretching .
 This morning I woke up with a muscle spasm in my right shoulder from sleeping in a strange position . It was very difficult to move my head to the right and I knew exactly what I needed . I felt the trigger point and knew that it needed to be massaged and have pressure applied . I grabbed my BackBuddy like I have so many times before and went right for the spot.The Backbuddy is an amazing invention that will allow you to hit points from your feet to your neck . It 's a very clever tool and along with a book on trigger points like this one -LRB- which I bought -RRB- : The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook
 This product is amazing ! There is not a spot on my back that I ca n't reach to massage .
 My Physical Therapist told me about this device , and it lives up to her assurances . You can take care of a great many sore , problem areas by yourself -- very comfortable and easy to use .
 Thera cane works as well as I would have hoped . Easy to use and handle . Stores away in closet or coat rack . It has helped me massage muscles that are tight , due to recent cervical spine surgery , that I am unable to reach with restricted range of motion .
 I brought this little guy -LRB- actually , it is quite large -RRB- with me when I went on vacation to Montana . It was an 8 hour drive and by the time we got there I had developed a pain in my left shoulder blade . I could n't even pick up my kid . I got out my trigger point manual and went to work on several trigger points with my Body Back Buddy . Within 20 minutes my pain was barely noticeable . The next day it was gone.Since then I 've used this on many occasions to work on the adhesions around my shoulder blades and mid-back . Sometimes I think it would be better if there were little removable rubber pads on the ends of the knobs as sometimes it can be a bit painful . But all-in-all , it works just fine . I 'm considering getting the smaller version so I can use it while at my desk at work .
 This looks like an instrument of torture BUT it 's an instrument of well being . Last year , I purchased a book on Acupressure Points . It suggests laying on tennis balls to reach important points in the back . HA HA HA !! RIGHT!The Back Buddy is designed to reach vital acupressure points on the back . You determine the intensity of the pressure.I have a large bone structure so I was very happy to read another review on the less expensive Back Buddy . A PETITE lady said it was perfect for her . If you 're not petite - this one is perfect.No more uncomfortable knots in my back , shoulders or hamstrings .
 Body Back Buddy provides just the relief that I expected when I ordered it . It reaches places that I could n't otherwise get to and I can provide just the right amount of pressure to relieve the spasm or knot .
 This is a cool self massaging tool that will help you get to areas on your body that you usally can not reach . The shape of the pressure point bulbs will help open up the muscle fibres . It hurts a little at first , but soon feels better . Some of the protuberances may be of special interest to women ; - p
 I could n't imagine how this would help get rid of trigger points on my back but decided to give it a try . It is much , much , much better than any electric device . It actually reduces or gets rid of painful knots . I can easily reach them and apply as much or as little pressure as I want . My physical therapist recommended not only manipulating a knot with it but also applying it with a lot of pressure against a trigger point for 15 seconds . The latter technique seems to get rid of the trigger points even faster .
 would never in a million years have guessed that this little thing was capable of so much . whoever invented it is a goddamn genius . It 's fantastic ... especially if you get knotted up easily in your back - this thing will make you cry .
 I bought this for my constant neck pain . My neck pain stems from my trapezoids and the muscles under my shoulder . The back buddy allows me to put accupressure on those knots and helps relieve the tension . The various types of knobs are hugely helpful . My only gripe is it is to big to put in my suitcase . I would try to carry it on the plane but I am afraid they might think it can be used as a weapon . I am thinking of buying these for Christmas presents for everyone seems to love it who try it out .
 Bought this based on all the previous good reviews . I was surprised on how well it works . I would recommend it to anyone having back or neck tightness .
 If you ever find yourself having a sore thumb from digging into your lower back to reach that elusive trigger point , then do yourself a favor and order the Body Back Buddy . It is amazing . It allows you to dig into those spots you just ca n't reach otherwise . I use mine all day and night . You will not regret this purchase .
 I like it , I use it as a more advanced way to work on these knots by myself besides using tennis balls on the ground . You can use a lot of pressure on them and it seems to work great . No long term information yet .
 If your significant other is horrible at back and neck rubs like mine is this product fills that void . It 's obviously not as good as a real massage , but provides great relief when that 's not possible . This product is made from durable plastic that will last a lifetime . Well worth the low price .
 I love the Body Back Buddy ! It hits all of the points that hurt or have knots in them . It is second best to having someone else work out the kinks !
 The Back Buddy is an easy to use aid in relieving tight muscles and trigger points that cause you pain . Designed to get at any area that is of concern and you can take it with you any where.Thanks
 have used this for a while , but had a really bad cricked neck recently and it worked better than anything !!! Thank you !!
 but it 's not as easy to use as it would seem . it needs like a video or something . but it does feel nice when i can figure it out .
 This item compares to the Thericane brand of trigger point tools . But , it has more nodes and different shapes . We actually like it more than the thericane .
 Body Back Buddy is awesome ! I bought it for my father and father in law and myself ! It takes out all my knots . I carry my stress in my shoulders and this thing makes me feel like im getitng a deep tissue massage . I am buying one for my brother in law : -RRB-
 This is absolutely the best tool I 've found for breaking up those tough knots . You can get alot of leverage without much pressure at all . This tool is a must have for tight , sore backs !
 I 've had a recurring knot in my upper back for the past several weeks , and I have n't had any consistent success in getting relief . I ca n't say the Body Back Buddy has cured my ailment , but it has let me get much-needed relief . It 's a crazy-looking thing , but it 's very sturdy and versatile . The various knobs do an excellent job of letting you get as much or as little focus on specific spots as you want , though those same knobs lend some of the handles an unfortunately phallic look . That aside , the BBB is a great tool . I recommend it very highly .
 My colleague at work had one looking very similar to this . I would NEVER have thought how great it feels on those tight knots I get and have on my back . This one is easy to use and you can place more or less pressure as needed . You can use this on your back or legs , arms , neck , the s-shaped one is better than the hook one because it is more versatile . Very sturdy , durable , I have had mine for about 3 years now .
 Online shopping is always a hit or miss . Yes , for some products there may be dozens or hundreds of positive reviews , but who knows how many of those people are being compensated for writing them , etc. . I want to write this as a real , ordinary person who ordered this after a half hour of comparing reviews for this and similar products.I casually decided to open it before I wrapped it up for Christmas , just so I could see what it looked like in person and also to give it a quick try . Here I am twenty minutes later completely blissed out and surprised by how well this works!I did n't need the instructions manual , as using this feels fairly intuitive to me . The knobs are , as the other reviews say , pretty hard but that makes it all the easier for you -- you do n't need to push as hard to get it to work . I highly recommend this product , I have never felt inclined to write a review before.That being said , we should all support our local businesses in addition to online shopping ! Just saying !
 I ordered this a couple months ago and came to write a review and realized I never received the miniature back buddy , only the larger one . It looks like I 'm not the only person this has happened to ! Be wary & verify your fulfillment ! I am very disappointed ...
 Do n't have someone to get to those hard to reach trigger pints ? This is your saviour ! A must for those who 've found the benefits of trigger point therapy .
 I received one of these this past Christmas after trying one that my mother had ordered , and I have used it every night since , -LRB- its only been a couple of days -RRB- , however , within those few days , the occurring back knots and shoulder knots have diminished greatly . When using the back buddy it really feels like someone is doing the work for you . The design of the back buddy allows you to apply the desired pressure without utilizing the muscles you are targeting .
 I read reviews all the time yet rarely leave one . This product is worth writing about . My back always hurts . I do my best to avoid thinking about it , but it 's true , the pain is constant . I bought the Back Buddy on the recommendation of a massage therapist . It is an incredibly useful and flexible design that allows me to find all of the sore points on my body -LRB- not just my back -RRB- and apply acupressure to those points . It hurts so good ! The relief I 'm getting is obvious . I truly recommend this product if you have muscle soreness and ca n't afford that weekly trip to the massage therapist . It costs less than a single visit for a massage or chiropractic adjustment ... if you 're on the fence , do n't give it another thought and just buy it - you 'll be very happy you did . This product is a winner . FYI
 I love using my back buddy ! You can use it on your back , neck , or legs . Instructions really are n't necessary , once you get the hand of figuring out how to hold it . Just put the little nodules whereever it hurts & massage . It really has cut down on my back pain a whole lot !!
 My friends all laugh when I show them this thing . I ask them to guess what it is and I get things like ' a yard ornament ? ' , or ` um ... a sex toy ? ' . When I tell them what it actually does , they are dubious for sure . At least until I show them how it works . It really does work -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . I think the hardest part is learning how to hold it . But one you get that down -LRB- it comes with a little book to show you how -RRB- , it like having a LMT at my disposal . I was going twice a months , at $ 140 a pop -LRB- my co-pay was $ 15 -RRB- . Not anymore!The only complaint -LRB- and what holds back 5-stars -RRB- is there are a few spots where the plastic molding seam creates a sharp edge . It can make those areas unusable . I can sand them down , but that should have been done before shipping .
 I love this product . It is great for getting out those knots along your shoulder blades , back of your neck and many more . I would suggest this product for everyone , especially if you have back problems . It comes with a how to guide and is very easy to use . I use it everyday after work and then I an able to relax .
 The Body Back Buddy is just as advertised . Firm light weight plastic construction . The design allows you to reach and manipulate muscles with very little effort because you can get plenty of leverage from different angles you do n't need to apply a lot of pressure with your arms to get great results . It comes with a helpful booklet to help you discover how to reach and massage many muscle groups including the feet ! It does provide quick self relief without having to give someone else instructions as to more or less pressure or up , down right or left . I 'm very pleased with mine .
 The Body Back Buddy is perfect for me . The different knobs provide some great relief to my trigger points especially in my lumbar and shoulder areas . It is a little big to fit in a traveling bag but thats not really a big issue . I def like it better than a deep tissue massage b/c I can control the pressure myself .
 Though the knob sizes do n't vary much the shapes and angles of the knobs provide a wealth of pressure points to address . Because of it 's length , there 's a variety of different leverages and pressures it can apply unlike the smaller implements . I 've gotten the most relief using this implement , I highly reccommend it .
 This product is simply amazing . Works knots just right , tends to muscle aches , and it is extremely versatile.Shipped promptly , which is always appreciated .
 I have perpetual tension and terrible knots in my upper back area , shoulders , and neck.A few minutes a day using the back buddy brings a great deal of relief . I feel like the circulation is even improved to my head ... I feel more alert after using it!I used to have a body-builder friend who would give me massages , and I 'd tire out his hands and arms !! This works better than I could have imagined . If you ca n't afford good deep tissue massages and you have these types of tension issues , I highly recommend the back buddy .
 The Body Back Buddy is great for getting to those spots that you can not reach comfortably . I will probably purchase a book on trigger point therapy soon to get even more benefits from it .
 I love this self-massage tool ! It has many knobs , allowing you to manipulate to all body parts needing massage . You get to control the depth of the massage by using the convenient handles . I was amazed at how well it really worked for relaxing those tense/tight muscles . I have Fibromyalgia and I am accustomed to aching muscles in my back and ribs . This tool allows me to get deep into the aches and release the toxins . My only regret is that I did n't buy two of them so I would have one to use at work . The price was reasonable for the quality and the use .
 A friend of mine had one of these things 10 years ago , so when I started having muscular tension and aches in my back , I knew what I needed . The Body Back Buddy has eliminated the need for medicinal pain relievers and even helped me to breath better !
 I 'm sitting here reading the bad reviews with this fantastic tool on my neck as I am writing this , and had to make a comment ... I have constant neck pain from a past football injury . I have tried everything from doctors , medication , and saunas ... this is the ONLY thing tnat has ever helped me ! ... I am sorry I did not invent it because it is really something that works ... if you have pain in your back or neck ... get this ... and do n't listen to the idiot 's who say it does n't work , clearly their pain is not really bad ... because it has helped me more than anything else ... best part ... drug free !
 I know this thing looks crazy , but it 's amazing for relaxing tight muscles that not even a massage from another person can get out . I suffer from a lot of tension , and my physical therapist recommended this to me and lent me hers to try until I decided to buy my own . It looked like a torture device to me when she first pulled out it , but now it 's pretty much my best friend . The S shape is great , because if you are un-tensing a muscle in your shoulder , you can hook your leg onto the end and use that to pull down rather than using your other arm to pull it .
 I have been having some pain in my upper back / near my shoulders from sitting at the desk typing and using the mouse at my job . This cane helps some!It 's not a miracle device that made all my pain go away , but it certainly helps and has made it feel better . At least I know when it gets really bad , and I do n't have someone around , that I can use the cane to help relax the muscles in my back and make it feel better.Looks a little strange ... and when I received it at my work 's shipping address , I got some funny comments about its appearance from my co-workers . lol ... Anyway , I recommend it ! Will it cure all pains ? No . Will it help ? Yes !
 I had a knot under my shoulder blade that would keep coming back . My wife could n't seem to push hard enough to get it all the way out . Using this I was able to get it all the way out . Now I use it to take care of it before it gets large and painful .
 I wished I had bought it sooner . It might seem expensive for a piece of plastic , but it can really get the knots in my back . I use it on my feet my arms . If you have muscle pain and like massages you will like this .
 This can really find those trigger points and since YOU are in control , you can give each spot as much attention as it needs . I think an improvement would be to have an area with two larger extrusions close together that could allow you to really stretch your neck out , where you could pull more into your spine without digging in too much so as to put your neck in traction and help restore the natural S-curve of the spine . But still , i highly recommend this . My chiropactor charges $ 30 for one visit and this will no doubt save more than a few trips and keep small problems from getting bigger .
 This is a great tool for those with frozen shoulder problems as I have . I was surprised though to find that one of the protruding handles was broken off when it arrived . I have not contacted the seller about this because it still works fine for my needs . I did not want to interrupt my use of this product to ship it back and wait for a new replacement .
 I 'm very pleased with the speediness of the shipping and the quality of the product ! Thank you very much !
 Wonderful tool , it 's like the next generation leap from the theracane . I have weak arms and hands and find the theracane difficult to grip and maneuver -LRB- have had it for at least 15 yrs . The Body Back Buddy has a flat surface to hold on to and it is much easier to grip as a result , is extremely lightweight but not at all flimsy . The knobs are well positioned and the pointy knobs are a great tool to have as well . This thing is awesome ! I 'm coming back for the mini to bring it to work !
 This thing has not cured my trigger points but when they get acute this is the tool I go for first . After a few minutes of working the trigger points they usually relax and my pain level drops 2-3 points on the 1-10 scale .
 I bought this for a knot under my right shoulder blade that burned and ached almost constantly for three weeks . I had been asking my 8 - and 5-year olds to elbow my back , but they were n't around half the time and also I did n't want to keep bugging them . This device is easy to use without help . You can easily apply a lot of pressure to a specific point and even move it up and down . So far I 've used the knobs on either end for my back . I must have grabbed it 20 times in the first two days . After about 10 days , I noticed a significant difference in the pain level , and now it 's gone . Of course , I 've done stretching and sat in the jacuzzi a few times , too . Anyhow , I was so miserable that I thought about going to a masseuse , which is great to do but pricey and provides temporary relief -LRB- with only one appt . -RRB- . Ideally , you could see a masseuse a couple times and use this as a supplement . Even alone , though , this device did the trick for me . Regarding the documentation , it comes with a short pamphlet that simply describes where to use each knob . I do n't think more extensive documentation for the device itself is needed . If you want to learn about pressure points , then you can buy a book and use this device as the tool .
 I have terrifically bad right shoulder pain - around the scapula . This area is hard to reach and other than going to a chiropractor or a massage therapist , there was just no relief available at home - that is , until I tried the Body Back Buddy . My daughter , who is a rock-climber , has a similar product that she swears by , so I decided to order one for myself . I use the rounded knob end to massage and press along the scapula area and also to massage around the back of my neck . Within minutes , literally , I have relief and by the end of the day , I have full range of motion in my arm and shoulder area . Works for me !!!
 Back buddy is definitely my new buddy!It can reach all the places that are hard to get on your ownwithout a massage therapist . Whomever invented this is a genius!The different shaped nobs -LRB- one more round , one more pointed -RRB- are really great and can totally relieve painful trigger points.So glad I found this !
 I have knots in my neck , upper back and scapula area that I just ca n't get rid off and bought this after reading an article about trigger points ... muscles that have been in spasm so long they form knots . I 've been diagnosed with myofascial pain syndrome and use this every evening or morning after taking a hot bath and it helps to relive the pain temporarily . I have just begun medical treatment and I need other care to deal with the knots , but the Back Buddy has been a great adjunct .
 this tool is very easy to use to reach those places on my shoulders and back that i can not reach with my hands .
 I have been an avid gym rat for 20 years and participate in many sporting activities . I frequently get knots in my neck and back and have to make appointments to the chiropractor on a regular basis . Not only is it an inconvenience during a busy workday , but the health insurance co-pay does add up . As soon as i heard of the Body Back Buddy , i had to buy and try it . I IMMEDIATELY felt a release in the knots and pressure built up in my back and neck and use it on a daily basis whether i need it or not . It is a an instant relief for any muscle knotting and stiff back and when you do n't have a spare set of hands to use , the Body Back Buddy is a savior !
 This thing is great ! I have a spot alongside my shoulder-blade that likes to bug me every so often -LRB- too much time at the computer , I suppose -RRB- . I grab my `` buddy '' , give the spot some attention while I sit at my desk and viola ! Relief!This might not `` cure '' a problem -LRB- for that , I 'd need some structural bodywork , realignment and improved posture and probably a vacation to somewhere tropical -RRB- , but it gets me through the day and keeps me from `` calling out '' every so often , when I have more problematic pain . In that , it 's a money-saver , in itself!I wish it was a bit smaller -LRB- I know they do make a smaller version , but I thought this would be better . Turns out , it 's a bit unweildly at times -RRB- I wish there was one knob that was a bit bigger . I 'm considering attaching a tennis ball to one end , for a more `` widespread '' touch.In addition to the knobs and balls , I have also used the flat part to massage larger , flatter areas -LRB- directionally towards the heart , of course -RRB- . I rely on reviews here at Amazon to help me make informed buying choices . I hope this review has helped you in the same manner . : -RRB-
 I have fibromylagia , therefore I tend to be sore all the time . I am always desperate to ease the pain . Especially in my neck and shoulders . This gizmo really does the trick ! I have problems with my hands , so I worried that it would be hard to hold onto , but it is n't . The Body Back Buddy really gives me the deep tissue pressure I need . I have taken to calling it my `` boyfriend '' , because try as he might , my husband has never been able to work on my painful areas like this contraption can.If you have the need for deep pressure to release tight , sore , muscles I highly recommend this product !
 The best thing that has happened to me in awhile . My physical therapist recommended it to me . She must have too many clients ... or is a true professional . Anyway , I do n't need her anymore !
 The cane is great for getting at places you ca n't on your own and for applying pressure without wearing out your hands in the process . However , you really have to experiment with the device to figure out how to use it best . With all the curves and knobs , for me it took some time . The little booklet that is provided with purchase is just a few pages.You can also easily apply too much pressure , but that too comes with practice . A useful device , a bit overpriced , but effective with practice .
 I 've bought the cane 2 months ago and I consider it the best product I ever had for my back pain . It 's inexpensive and very effective not only for low back pain . I am using it after sitting long hours in front of computer or after `` bad '' night sleep . It took only 5 or 10 minutes a day and pain that I had more than 2 years gone . Amazing tool !
 I can not compare this to the TheraCane which I have never used but both the Body Back Buddy I gave as a gift and the one I first tried out at home seems to have pleased everyone who has used it - and it was not a flash in the pan but continues weeks after arrival to be used . It not only is a great help for reaching points in one 's back and neck or in places in front of the torso where it can give good leverage compared to when one attempts to use their hands on themselves , but it also is very convenient for trigger points on the legs , including difficult ones on the sides of the thighs -LRB- where one can ` hook ' it over the other leg using one of the little perpendicular ` handles ' and by slightly spreading one 's legs apart generate a surprisingly effective amount of pressure -RRB- . The only question I have is how it would work for someone who was much larger than average -LRB- especially in terms of thickness -RRB- . While I can imagine it as still very useful for certain trigger points anyway , I wonder if it might be difficult to use it as conveniently for a really big person -LRB- like some big football linemen , say , or heavy weight powerlifters , or even someone built a bit that way -RRB- . If someone is that size and wonders about it , it might be good to try one out first before ordering one to see if it works for the points they had hoped to reach with it .
 Hello world ... I have to say the Body Back Buddy looks funky , and trust me , really does work.My wife and I love and use it everyday . While you could simulate it 's effects with all manner of this or that , having fifteen varying sized and shaped points in one gadget is crazy awesome ! You can get to some very hard to reach areas very easily due to it 's `` cane '' design . Possibly the best 28 $ I 've spent in a long , long time.Buy and USE it , your back and body deserve this level of attention .
 I love my Back Buddy . I bought this because I have chronic pain in my right trapezius muscle near the shoulder blade from years and years of competitive swimming . This is almost an impossible area for me to reach on my own and the pressure needed on the area made it very hard work for my husband . The Back Buddy is awesome because I can get to the affected area whenever I want and apply the pressure needed to get relief of my referred pain -LRB- the tennis ball and corner methods pale in comparison -RRB- . My quality of life has improved since purchasing it . I would recommend it to anyone suffering from hard to reach muscular back pain.Thanks for taking the time to read my review , and I hope you found it helpful in making a purchase decision .
 I have been getting regular massages for the past 10 something years . Well , not as regularly as I would like , given my budget , but I try to go at least once a month . My main problem is the tight muscles in my neck and shoulders . I have literally begged my friends and hubby to just pound my shoulder area as hard as they can to try and loosen the pressure.When I finally broke down and bought one of these , mostly based on the reviews on here , I had low expectations . I could n't figure out how it worked based on the pictures . How could the leverge possibly create enough pressure to really get IN to the muscle like I needed ? Boy am I glad I gave it a try . Yes it looks weird . Yes it does n't make sense -LRB- at least to me -RRB- . But if you play around with it you will fall in love . I go into a trance when I use it . I 'm FINALLY able to hit the exact spots I want hit , and hit them as hard as I want . It 's absolutely amazing . And after I do my shoulders and back I go to my feet . Pure heaven . Ca n't say enough !
 There are several on the market but this one is a little larger and have more massage options for a little less money . I can recommend it but no good for travel .
 I love this gadget for its simplicity , ease of use , and effectiveness . I keep it between an end table and love seat , where it 's fairly innocuous , and I can grab it whenever I have back pain . It works for many back areas and is quite sturdy .
 This product delivers what it claims . I find it very useful and extremely effective at leveraging hard to reach places on my body and massaging deeply areas regardless of location . I would recommend this product to anyone who has muscle pain / tightness and ca n't afford / does n't want to visit a private masseuse . Considering what you get this is a great value !
 i have a lot of back pain and this definitely helps reach those problem spots that i never could before . its great . theres not a spot that i couldnt reach . my only complaint is that the round knot should have gone on the end of the large curve instead of the smaller curve end . its a lot more comfortable than the pointier knob .
 I really wish this was less strange looking . A couple knobs I do n't use in particular pretty much make it look like a contorted pleasure toy but it 's effective and there 's no better way to work the knots in your shoulders and traps . I would n't even know how to work those knots in the middle of the back without it , especially with my tyrannosaurus-rex short arms . I bought a trigger point reference to go with it . I recommend that as well but you can find them on your own if you experiment . Currently using this when knots in the traps causes neck tightness and shoulder pain . Also this makes for a great self foot massage too . It 's easy to underestimate how much discomfort travels right from the soles of your feet upwards . I 've recommended it to friends who once they got over how silly it looks , realize it 's effective . That being said , it 's better than some gimmick but it 's not a miracle tool and not a substitute for physical therapy , medical professionals , and so on and so forth .
 I wish I could work on myself as a massage therapist but its just not possible . This little tool is great for hitting those areas on myself that I need some work on . The different textured knobs really help with specific point work.This was worth every penny .
 Perfect name for a great product . Reaches all those places you need to get to but could n't before and you control the pressure . It even fits in my suitcase , but not in the carry on type . Worth the money .
 I 'm a massage therapist and bought the Body Back Buddy to reach the knots I could n't convince my husband to rub deep enough to release . It reaches and has different shaped knobs to massage and smooth knotted muscle . I debated between this product and the TheraCane and hesitated because I thought this would be more difficult to use . The dual handles make it possible to reach exactly where I need to and I hang it in my closet to store .
 I used this on the trigger points on my back and within 10 minutes as soon as it arrived it and i felt like just had a 90 min massage . I loved it !
 I 've been suffering from severe shoulder , back and hip pain for years . Massage relieves some of it , but only is available once a week at most . As soon as I opened this product , I went to work on hitting trigger points for about an hour and received relief that nothing else has delivered through the years . It 's easy to use , and the little instruction book gives you enough of an idea to begin right away . I also ordered the Trigger Points Therapy Workbook , and though I 've not had much time yet to get into it , it points out that some areas can take up to a month of constant work to correct . Knowing that this is at my disposal whenever I need it is a real comfort . I highly recommend this .
 The Back Buddy is my new best friend . Spending my day in front of a computer and reading lengthy documents I experience a lot of tightness in my neck and upper back . The Back Budy has been the cure ! I love it so much I bought a second so I could have one at home and one at the office . Perfect for performing your own trigger point therapy . Highly recommend this for anyone with back , neck or shoulder pain due to tight , knotted muscles .
 For a do-it-yourself job , this instrument does a fine job . It greatly helps to relieve sore pressure points and tight spots . There are limitations when working on myself -- I 'm using my own muscles to operate this tool , so I ca n't relax the same as if I was having a massage or physical therapist work on me . So after considering the limitations of a self-applied tension reducer , this works fine . I have one at home and another one at my office -- I use one or both of them almost daily .
 I was so glad to find this product ! Now I can do what the therapist did at home or if I ca n't get into the office . Takes a little getting used to , but once you do it is great ! Comes with a good little booklet on how and where to use it .
 Great service and this is a great product . Looked at the Thera canebut felt the Body Back Buddy Massage Cane would have more uses and beeasier to use . This proved to be true and I was pleasantly surprisedat it 's studiness and strength.I have recommended it to friends and family . This really helps torelieve those tight spots and release tension in hard to pressurepoint places .
 This product is awesome ! No need to convince someone to give you a back massage - the Body Back Buddy Massage Cane reaches all the places you ca n't . And you control the pressure . It is a great product for little money .
 This funny looking device has been a blessing for me . No more leaning on door jams or begging family members for a shoulder rub . This thing is great after hours on the PC or sewing machine . Works well for the upper/lower back , shoulders , neck and even the soles of your feet . It comes with a helpful card showing different positions to get those troublesome spots . Of course the Back Buddy wo n't replace a Licensed Therapist , however I highly recommend this for in between therapy/massage visits .
 Because the slightly longer hook , you have improve leverage and hook like points that can dig deeper . The downside is the storage and it 's not as portable to carry around compare to the original Therma Cane .
 This is an excellent product for reaching any area of the body . you can use it standing up , sitting , laying down , etc. its not quite as huge as it looks in the photos . It has more massage points on it then the theracane . I would recommend you purchase one of the trigger point books along with this device .
 I told my brother that he 'd be getting a really weird birthday present from me , but that it would be his favorite . He was n't too sure about it at first , but a few weeks later he confirmed my prophesy . He loves it . -LRB- Bonus , it 's a great ice breaker at gatherings ; everyone wants to try it ! -RRB-
 Body Back Buddy Classic is amazing !!! I have tried them all ! This is way better than any electronic massager you can buy .
 I am very pleased with it . It is nice and sturdy and makes getting to my sore spots so much easier . It 's nice how the shape allows leverage such that little work on my part causes strong pressure on the trigger points . Thumbs up .
 100/100 for the sore points in your upper back , I also love using it for my thighs as well . Not as effective as manual pressure for some areas like your arms and your neck maybe ; but still , using this does n't make your hands tired and need a second message after you massage your body .
 I have used the Body Back Buddy a few times since I purchased it . It can really get to the spots that you ca n't reach by yourself.The material is a very hard plastic and I think I would like it a little bit better if the plastic was a bit softer so that it `` dug into the spot '' better.I know I will use it when I feel like I 'm really tight across my shoulders and back and it will help between my actual massages .
 The body back buddy enables one to press on hard to reach trigger points and thereby relieve pain . The booklet enclosed with the product gives several examples of ways to use it . A fuller description is also available for purchase . I find the product easy to use and effective in reducing spasm of pain . It was recommended by my massage therapist .
 This device , paired with the Trigger Point book is a wonderful aid for people with chronic knots and muscle spasms in the upper back . It certainly helped me !
 This allows you to access and massage away trigger points -LRB- painful knots within muscles -RRB- virtually anyplace in your body -RRB- . That being said , it can be difficult to find the painful trigger point , and often difficult to massage away the pain depending on the trigger point location . For example , anywhere on the thigh can be easy but near the middle of the back around the lower edge of the scapula can be difficult to find and figure out how to massage.The Body Back Buddy allows the application of massage pressure , and leverage virtually anyplace once you learn how for that location.There are books on trigger point massage that would be a very useful supplement to the rather paltry users manual that comes with Body Back Buddy .
 I love the back buddy . I have shoulder , hip , neck and low back pain issues almost everyday due to laborious job for 10 yrs now . This tool is very handy , I use it a few times a week at minimum . Can be used in the hot tub too . Very affordable for what money I save by not needing to rush to the chiropractor or for massage , helps my body last longer between doc . visits . I would definitely recommend to anyone .
 I bought the Body Back Buddy after seeing a friend 's . In August I woke up to my left hand `` frozen '' . I was unable to move it for a few minutes and even after that it was stiff . I decided to see a chiropracter . After about 10 visits where she did pressure points my hand was better . Unable to afford regular visits , I was looking for something to help me that I could use myself . The Body Back Buddy is it . I find that if I use it once or twice a day , my fingers loosen up . It is amazing . Who would know that the muscles in my neck and shoulders control my hands and fingers . I will keep using this .
 I have back pain , shoulder pain , neck pain . I used to go for massage 1-2 times a week . Most of the time , the massage therapist could not go deep enough into the `` sweet '' spot . Now , I use this product every day and I can pin point the specific area and press as hard as I want . It is a great design . I study the meridian points and this product has the ability to do 2-3 pressure points at one time . It surely does help blood circulation and the knots on my back are getting smaller . The only limitation of this product is it `` gives '' a little when I press really hard -LRB- Sorry , I like deep tissue massage -RRB- . Overall it is a great product , I spend more time with it than with my husband !!
 As a single person the Back Buddy has really helped my back . I know that pushing on painful points in the body relieves the pain to muscles . The Back Buddy really gets to those areas .
 The Body Back Buddy is by far one of my most favorite purchases thus far on Amazon . Great tool for self massage . You can really create leverage to work trigger points . Sturdy Quality . Very happy with this purchase !
 I can not love this product more . My whole family uses it . We can help ourselves with back pain rather than begging someone for a massage .
 this is an ingenious product . It is very effective and a targeted way to give oneself some trigger point work .
 I 'm still trying to learn how to get all the benefits from this but so far it has relieved several trigger points in my shoulders and helped me sleep !
 I 'm not a flexible person and this makes self massage possible for me . I can hit any trigger point on my back or kneed out any knot . Stop reading the reviews and just buy it and try it yourself . You WONT be unhappy !
 The Body Back Buddy helped the first time I used it after the first 5 minutes , I could feel the effects . It reached my shoulders completely where I had n't been able to reach . It felt so much better from the pain I was use to . Very glad I purchased it .
 helps relieve painful stressful tension in the back , hips , down the legs etc.quite handy to have around when you need to get to a sore spot and to press on acupuncture points . the only reason i gave it a four instead of a five was if it had one area that i could use as a scratcher , then it would be a five ...
 My wife uses this all the time . She has fibromyalgia and her back is like a rock . This weird looking massager hits all the pressure points . It 's kind of bulky to store , but when your back is killing you it 's a God send .
 I 've had chronic back pain dating back to a completely detached rhomboid that I suffered a few years ago . After surgery , I 've been dealing with extremely tight muscles , painful trigger points and misaligned joints in my spine.Just received this today and I 'm so grateful for taking the risk in ordering one of these ! I have n't been able to put it away since really getting into my soft tissue . Although I 'm still finding different ways to maneuver the BBB to target certain spots , at many angles ... this beats rolling around on lacrosse balls , hands down!I have n't used the Thera Cane , but I 'm finding that the extra hook comes in handy by pinning the BBB under my leg for added pressure in hitting areas around my scapula and first rib !
 My husband loved it so much once he got the hang of it , that he now claims it as his own !
 It works for what I need it -LRB- massaging lower back muscles -RRB- . And , unlike what some people commented , mine came with instructions , which was attached to the cane itself .
 This is an odd tool and gets a little used to but I love it . Much cheaper than a massage theraphist ! You should know that this is a `` comfortable swedish massage '' type device . This is a `` dig in deep and make it hurt good '' type device . So know it 's more `` athlete '' than `` spa '' .
 I use this to message trigger points in my upper & mid back , as well as my upper traps and neck . It 's very helpful in reaching otherwise difficult spots . My problems are quite chronic so this has n't fully alleviated my trigger points but with more use I 'm sure it will . I 've found this works well with the `` The Trigger Point Therapy Workbook '' which you can buy here on Amazon .
 I have chronic back pain from Arthritis , Lupus and Fibromyalgia . I 've tried so many things , including a hot tub , and this product is the best ! I can make my own muscles relax without hoping someone in my family wants to give me a deep-tissue massage . I LOVE it !
 I actually almost sent this product back without even opening it . Just before it arrived I went to Brookstone and purchased a pulsating massager w / a lot of power . It worked so well I figured I did n't really need the backbuddy . I use the massager almost daily ... but yesterday felt like I was overdoing it a bit . It 's super powerful and when I do my neck I literally see triplicate , lol . Also , even thought the pulsating is good , i did n't feel like it was really getting this particular knot out . I decided to get the box for the backbuddy off the porch , open it up and try it . The moment it touched my shoulders I knew it was a keeper ! Very impressive . Seriously . I had doubts about how comfortable it would be but I have to say its perfect . I like a lot of pressure and this thing gives you a ton of leverage w/o having to work too hard . Very well made . Def recommend !
 Years ago I found an S shaped device , made out of brass , with a wooden ball affixed to each end . It was wonderful for reaching those knots of tension in the muscles of the back , neck and shoulders . I used it on many friends , as well as myself . I was never able to find another like it . I knew it was from Japan , and I had ordered it from a Kind oh Hippy health catalog , back in the '70s or 80s . This Body Back Buddy accomplishes the same thing , with a few innovations.It has several `` handles '' attached to the S shape , which , with a little practice , help provide leverage and helps the user to reach that `` Sweet Spot '' of pain and tension . It makes it more manouverable.On the down side , the Back Buddy is cumbersome and large . Which Is good , I guess , in case one of my guests tries to smuggle it away from me after seeing how well it works .
 I am a 45 year old male , surfer , tennis player and excercise enthusiast . I use the body back buddy daily , accompanied with stretching and rolling on a six inch diameter mini basketball . I find that this self therapy softens and relieves my myofacial trigger points that harden up after stressful events , or after hard excercise sessions , primarily around my upper back , shoulder , and trapezius muscles.The greatest advantage of this wonderful device is that it is there when the episodes of discomfort require massage , or direct pressure . My life is much more relaxed and comfortable by using this tool . I use it sitting down , lying in bed , or standing . It has numerous applications , is portable and extremely durable/unbreakable . I can get the needed leverage from the two straight handles . I can not speak more kudos for this life enhancing device . My fiance uses it and so does my mother who now swears by it . She had an awful muscular attack one night around her shoulder and neck areas . I drove this up to her and it was the only massage tool that relieved her suffering ! She would not return it to me ! Therefore , I had to buy a second one for myself . LOL !! Absolutely No regrets with this tool . I recommend it for anyone us suffers from muscular tightness , trigger points or soreness .
 I am a Physical Therapist and saw so many people experience relief with this that I decided to sell them in my clinic.I do wish that they did not look so `` questionable '' because they do get some funny looks .
 My husband had a knot/spasm in his back that would NOT go away for weeks , even after physical therapy and muscle relaxers . Out of desperation , he found this product online and decided to give it a try . After several days of working the knot in 5-minute sessions and then resting , the spasm finally subsided and he 's back to normal again . This is well worth the $ 25 or so it cost !
 I love my back buddy ! I ordered this one for a friend because her husband got the one she had in the divorce . We both agree that the pressure point therapy using this tool works better then any messager on the market -LRB- I 've tried many -RRB- .
 I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY PERSON WITH HYPERTENSION , YOU WILL SEETHE NUMBERS GO DOWN IN A WEEK .
 For the price , this is an excellent loupe . I use it for photographic negatives and various other tasks that require close-up examination . I feel that the key to this design is the clear ring around the base which lets in natural light and gives it a true color reading .
 This has exactly what the title describes , a clear image . I am happy with the quality , design , and speed of delivery of this product . I enjoy taking photographs as a hobby and this loupe comes in handy for viewing pictures . I really need it for viewing slides . You can look closely at them using a `` light table '' and see most anything in great detail . As always -LRB- well mostly at least -RRB- I recieved this from Amazon quickly and in great condition . I will continue to purchase items from them because of the quality , speed of delivery , and value that I receive regularly from them . Thanks again Amazon !
 Works as advertised . The Loupe needs to be set down on the object your viewing . If you raise the Loupe up , then the object gets blurry .
 Just started scanning my photos and slides and needed more than a magnifying glass or 5x loupe to examine the fine details without eyestrain . This loupe accomplishes that with clear optics , no perceptible distortion and the ability to get light to the areas under examination . Very impressive for the price I paid .
 I like the size of this magnifier for checking out old family slides and negatives . It fits nicely over the neg/slide so that I can see all of it in one view . However , it does exhibit considerable pincushion distortion at the sides of the image that you 're viewing . Other than that , I really like it for checking old family slides and negs before I scan them into my iMac .
 I rarely go a day without using it to check halftone patterns and set files up for print , an essential tool . I also work with staccato screened prints , so the dots are twice as small as conventional screens , and this is good enough for that . a 15x might be better , but it would be too much for normal screened designs.This one is great quality and the best value of the 10x 's I have seen .
 Got this to examine slides and negatives to screen for scanning . Works fine . I 'd maybe prefer a 5X instead as this almost gets to the grain in B&W negatives .
 Great item , easy to use . Sturdy . Have used to see old film for scratches , very clear with it . And the price is very good ! Definitely recommend . Arrived very quickly .
 Simple , easy to use loupe . Personally , I am using it for viewing print jobs . I wish it allowed a bit more light in .
 This magnifier works very well but it could have just a little more lite under it to be able to see more clearly
 It took this on vacation when we went to Cartagena since we planned on looking at some emeralds . It 's not quite as good as the professional models , but for the price it works great
 I 'm more than happy with this magnifier . The problem with a lot of these type of magnifiers , is that you get too much shadow from them which makes it hard to see whatever you 're trying to look at . Not so with this one - the design of the base allows for a lot of light . One other thing I liked about this magnifier , is there are two holes/slots in the base of the unit , with allows you to slip a bit of string through them to make a loop where you can attach it to a lanyard .
 I bought this for gettting a detailed look at coins and such , and it works really good . One thing that i didnt know was that it makes what ever you are looking at and puts the image upside down so you have to turn everything upside down when you are looking at it to get the image right .
 I find this to be a perfect magnifying glass for viewing stamps . Durable and lightweight . I like the fact that it has a glass lens .
 This is great to have handy for reading small print or even just seeing something under magnification . I even was able to use it as a macro lens for my camera . I set a small item on white paper and lit it from the side with an led flashlight and held the camera lens against this magnifier , focused , and the shot came out great . Who knew ? It is very good for reading very fine print also .
 I was concerned not having a light table would be a problem , but it works fine just holding slides up towards a light . 10x power is great !
 This magnifier was cost effective for me . It worked good for my latent fingerprint class with all those small prints I had to examine and classify .
 The Carson Optical Lumiloupe 10x is compact and relativly easy to use . It is worth the cost . However , being someone who has worked in the graphic industry for 50 years I was a little disappointed in the sharpness of the image and the lack of rotating the lens cap to focus for my personal eyes . My bottom line is for convience and the cost , it is good choice.Billy
 I bought a couple of these and they work well for viewing slides and film cells . My film cells looked almost 3D with this thing . Good value .
 I bought this for a photography class so that I can look at my negatives . so far its worked out quite well . Its made out of good quality plastics and the magnification is clear and crisp . Its a sturdy product that i 'd recommend to a friend
 This is a good product with enough magnification . However , it could really use an internal light as ambient light creates shadows .
 This loupe provides detailed magnification , perfect for checking dot patterns on printing . The glass sides allow plenty of light to enter . You can always combine this with a light table or lightbox .
 This is actually an LL-10 10X loupe by Carson . I looked at a number of inexpensive loupes offered by Amazon in order to choose one for a larger purchase for printing professionals . This loupe is built solidly , has a large area of view , and allows a lot of light in to the image which helps with viewing . There was a small out of focus area in the center and it was also out of focus around the edges . I showed these loupes to several other people and a number of them liked this the best -LRB- mostly because of the amount of light that it allowed -RRB- . There was a different loupe -LRB- by a different manufacturer -RRB- that more people preferred because of its better focus over the whole view .
 The focus seems spot on and I lost my old one . Buying via Amazon makes buying these little items so easy too .
 It was all it was advertised to be , and more . I am very please with this product , and the service that was provided .
 I did like the magnifier It met my needs very well The price was greatIt easy touse and to store
 I use this loupe to look at insects in the field . So far it has preformed very well .
 While my primary shooting is done on digital -LRB- wedding photography -RRB- , I do sometimes shoot hybrid -LRB- digital and film -RRB- not to mention my personal work which is mostly black and white 35mm . After I got back in the darkroom , I wanted to buy a loupe to view details quickly before deciding which negatives I wanted to scan -LRB- a lengthy process at high quality -RRB- . PROS - Comfortable to use - Well made - Allows plenty of light inCONS - Not adjustable - Does n't work well without a lightboxThe price is definitely right , and coupled with a light box this is a great little tool to have ! I was pleasantly surprised at how big this thing is , making it comfortable to use over the viewing of several rolls . If you do n't have a lightbox , you will need an exceptionally well-lit area . I would highly suggest picking up a smaller , cheaper lightbox such as the reasonably bright and well-madeArtograph 8x11 Light Box - there are better and more expensive boxes , but unless you 're making money from film you probably wo n't need one.OVERALLRecommended , with some reservations .
 I bought this to replace an 8X Agfaloupe I used to have for slides and negatives . Both are good . At this power some of the negatives edges are cut off , but it 's easier to see facial expressions . If you need near full frame go with 8X , more detail 10X or even 15X .
 Makes things bigger , lets in light . would be 5 stars if it was glass instead of plastic but it would also probably be more expensive . very satisfying , great for looking at aerial photos .
 This is better than the price would indicate , but it certainly is n't an expensive , high-quality loupe . It IS an exceptional value though . For the average to above average user , I think this would work well . I use mine to view slides and negatives on a light table and it functions very well . It magnifies well enough for me to discern the differences between same subject shots in color negatives . -LRB- As a bonus , my 2nd grader LOVED looking at an inchworm under it too ! The clear area under the eyepiece/magnifier allows light through which helped with my son 's excitement over science and living things ... AND , it was cheap enough , that I was n't worried about him ruining it . -RRB- You get what you pay for usually ... but , in my opinion , you 're getting more quality than the price usually allows . To put it in car terms ... you 're getting a Camry for a Corolla price . You definitely are not getting the Avalon-for-Corolla-money deal of a lifetime with this purchase ... if that is your aim , you 'll be disappointed .
 This loupe performs perfectly well , and for the money it 's a great deal . You can use this on flat items by placing the canopy directly on the surface and looking through the eyepiece . You can also look at 3-D items by turning it around backward and putting the open end of the canopy up to your eye socket , you control focus by the distance from the item to the eyepiece , like a magnifying glass . Works great!I have these placed at various locations throughout our electrical engineering labs to aid in reading small part numbers on electronic parts , identifying color code stripes on resistors , and inspecting solder joints . It 's a GREAT tool for the job !
 I purchased this slide viewer for my dad so he could review his many many slides and decide which one to forward to an old friend who is writing a history of the area where a lot of the slides were taken . My dad is elderly and has sight issues but he could see each slide clearly and determine where is was taken . The item was described accurately and the delivery was prompt .
 Lens magnifiers are not complicated , they are glorified magnifying glasses and this one works as well as any other . I like that its clear all the way through . I actually use it for 120 mm negatives which gets annoying because of the frame size but have had no problems with it .
 I had a good number of slides that i wanted to convert to digital and I was able to do this with my camera and the Carson maginifier without spending an arm and a leg to hire it done . It works !
 This is a nice little loupe and I was pleasantly surprised by the quality for the price . It works great and is a good value !
 Works good , is clear & makes it a lot easier to view slides for dust & other things . I use it with a light box so several slides can be set out & viewed very easy .
 I use this for my art class ... to view photos that I am attempting to paint . Works great !
 Great product for someone who wants to make sure the jewelry store does n't swipe your wife 's expensive GIA diamond when getting it worked on .
 My three and seven year old boys love this . It 's plastic and made very well . Works great for looking at bugs !
 I have lots of photos that I have collected for my hobby of genealogy . This loupe allows me to see small details that can help me date the photos -LRB- and hopefully identify who the person is in the photo ! -RRB- Sent quickly .
 Good Clear Quality Loupe for price . Construction could be better , but its a great value for the price .
 I use this to view my negatives and slides in photography . It is a nice handy loupe . It is a little bit bigger than I expected and you will not be able to use it in a way similar to other loupes -LRB- that is putting it in your eye and lodging it there -RRB- . However , it is great if you have something that you can set on a flat surface and use this to view that item . The clear plastic ring lets light in which adds to the visibility of an item . I would not say this is the most sturdy/heavy item you can buy for this purpose but for the price and for the way I use it , it has held up very well .
 We use these in our printing company . Employees really like them . Good quality . They like the 10x power which makes it easier to see things .
 I find this loupe to be adequate for viewing negatives and other small objects with fine detail . For the price -LRB- under $ 6 as of this writing -RRB- I do not think it could be beaten . However , this is far from a perfect loupe . The clearest magnification is in the direct center and the viewing area inside the eyepiece is fairly small . People with vision difficulties may have problems using this tool as getting the correct balance between distance from the tool and distance from the object is a bit cumbersome.I would recommend this tool to film photographers and anyone else who needs to occasionally use a loupe , but for hobby work -LRB- model makers , etc -RRB- or professional use -LRB- watchmakers , electronics repair -RRB- I would suggest looking for a better tool .
 Had a number of 35mm slides from client that I needed to review prior to selecting for digital scans . But I had no lupe to make sure I was choosing best slides . Purchased this magnifier and it worked like a charm -- sharp , easy to view from and great price , too !
 This loupe works very well for artist trying to get the smallest detail in photos for painting . It 's a wonderful find for the price , fast shipping . I highly recommend it .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I have taken this product for approximately 4 months . Before taking OmSana my Dr. had prescribed Avandia 4 MG . once a day . My sugar count went below what it was when taking Avandia . After a few weeks it more stabilized to what it had been while taking Avandia . I take one OmSana capsule , twice a day . If I follow my diet according to my Dr 's meal plans and get proper exercise daily my sugar stays between 110 and 122 . Most important I 'm not taking a drug that may affect my heart .
 I bought these for a wedding reception , they are the perfect size for snack foods and sturdy .
 I love this stuff ! 4 oz is a nice size but any size works . It is good for all kinds of stuff . Think of it as something you can spray on sheets when you stay in a hotel or something you can spray on yourself for a bug bite -LRB- skeeters -RRB- , or for a rash -LRB- heat rash -RRB- . You might smell like a pizza , so put it on at bedtime.I like the 4 oz size , but the bottle size really does not matter.Natural , edible , multipurpose pump spray with a bahzillion uses : Vegetable washAir cleanerHand cleanerToothbrush sprayFood cleanerEnvironmental spray odor neutralizerKitchen & bathroom cleanerPet deodorizerInsect repellantBody or foot deodorantSkin toner -LRB- ??? -- maybe because of the oil and lavender -RRB- Nursery spray -LRB- strong scent but natural -- instead of chemical -RRB- Public disinfectant -LRB- those toilet seats ! -RRB- Breath freshener -LRB- only if you kiss a pizza lover -RRB- Ingredients are oil of wild oregano , oil of lavender , oil of wild bay leaf , oil of clove and you can smell it right through the bottle -- so it is a real good strength.BTW , the product does not feel oily.It was recommended to me when all the swine flu stuff started by an herbalist friend as a `` critter '' deterrent and also as a disinfectant . I spray the sheets and the toilet seats in hotels when traveling . I also spray on my skin for a skin irritation or rash . You will likely feel a slight burning sensation when using on your skin , which I believe is the antiseptic properties killing germs.Note # 1 -- the bottle says keep away from eyes and genitals , which I would think to be a `` no brainer , '' but , people amaze me all the time.Note # 2 - if I am planning to spray it on my skin , I generally do that before bed . Otherwise , someone may think I am cooking pizza.Believe me , I would prefer a natural product over a chemical anytime.BTW -- You can also get drops -LRB- dropper bottle -RRB- to take orally under the tongue . Seems to work well to kill cold/flu germs but is strong . The first time will likely be a little shock . -LRB- Yeah . You too , tough guy . -RRB- You could mix with water if you need to or squirt on food , or at least have a glass of water ready and maybe put something in your stomach first .
 I am truly fanatic about ORegaSpray and oil of Oregano in general . I only buy the North American Herb and Spice brand , because it is the strongest . I use it for everything . It 's highly antiseptic . Read the book by Dr. Cass Ingram , `` The Cure is in the Cupboard , '' for the hundreds of ways you can use these products . It 's one of the best kept secrets , and I 'd almost like to keep it that way to make sure I always have a supply . I clean my fresh fruits and vegetables with it . You can use the oil or spray . I just spray and rinse . I spray my countertop and sink with it . It preserves my leafy green vegetables for up to 3 weeks after I clean them . It 's fantastic for sore throats . At the first sign - just open wide and spray 2-3 spurts on the back of the throat . Even if I 've been around or near someone with a cold , etc. . I spray my throat for safekeeping . THe capsules are excellent for infections , colds , etc. . I 'll stop ... did I say I was fanatic . It cleans the air in rooms , kills mold ... ` nuf said ? I make sure my grown kids keep a supply in their homes every winter.OBTW
 I love this stuff . You can spray it on food or on toys.You can not spray lysol on food . like lysol but unlike lysol it is not toxic when ingested . I would not spray lysol on anything my babies could ingest . I love this spray because if I drop something I can spray it and rinse it . I spray this in my mouth if my throat every feels bad and it helps right away . this stuff is awesome . does n't taste great but does the trick . -LRB- black cherry is also good for sore throats ... -RRB- I feel so much better having this around with my babies and feel so much safer with it . so many reason . when my kids have a scape or bump or bruise . -LRB- hylands bumps and bruises is good for the bruises but for the scrapes this is # 1 . -RRB- -LRB- I do n't say it does n't sting but I like to use this because it is natural . I trust it and prayer . -RRB- This is one of the first things I reach for . If there is any kind of need for disinfection I clean it with this .
 I use this primarily to spray it in the back of my throat to knock down a cough or relieve a sore throat it works wonders , Ha if you can take the hit of a couple sprays in your throat , might drop you to your knees for a minute . Worth it though if nothing else will bring relief .
 A friend shared her bottle with me while on vacation in Israel . I ordered on for myself as soon as I returned home , and use it at least twice a day , and share it with others .
 I just recently got a kidney transplant and I basically do n't have an immune system . I started using this when I think I get colds , I just spray it in my mouth . It feels like they instantly go away . I swear by this product now . I was in the hospital for 10 days with about 10 mouth ulcers and the doctors could n't fix it until I went home and discovered this.I really recommend it to people who get sick easily or want to prevent it .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 This is the second Shurhold brush I have gotten , the frist one only lasted 10 yrs . That cleaned 6 cars and one speed boat . Hopefully this one will last a little longer . Would buy this as a gift for anyone who wants to clean with ease .
 My latest purchase of the Shurhold brush head is a replacement for one that I have had for twenty five years . It is the only brush I will use on my car as it is soft enough not to scratch the paint . The old brush is reserved for cleaning the garage floor . It is still useable after 25 years .
 Highly recommended item , ca n't say enough for shurhold . Every item I own from them has been nothing but great . Instead of 10 separate cleaning items , I have a few brush heads that I store in my bucket , the expandable pole tucks away neatly in my gunnel rod holder and I have the gaff head along with the docking hook .
 First off I am not a fan of Wahl products . I find them cheaply made . Apparently they have different grades of products . This one seems to be of better quality . I live very close to Wahl headquarters . I hope they can improve the quality of some items and compete with cheaper China made products . Our politicians have created a bad situation in the name of redistributing wealth . Taking for those that produce and give it to those that do n't . It does n't make us competitive in a gloabal economy .
 This is a quality product . However , if I had seen the same product sans heater element on sale at Longs drugs fro $ 14.99 , I would have purchased it rather than pay so much more for postage , etc. .
 Wahl 4196-500 2-Speed All-Body Massager with Heat.This is the second massager that I have owned . I can honestly say that I truly love this Wahl massager . The Hi-Lo heat is just awesome and the vibration -LRB- whether Hi or Lo -RRB- is so soothing . The only drawback -LRB- which does n't bother me -RRB- is the massager is a little bit heavy . But , as far as reliability and comfort you ca n't go wrong with this Wahl 4196-500 !!
 This product does work very good on our aching backs , neck , knees , and shoulders . My daughter likes to use it on her face and temples for headaches . The product has good speed settings and the heat option is pretty good . The massager does get warm after continual prolonged use .
 My wife and me both use this product and we both feel like it is a well made product and has performed to our expectations.The attachments are easy to change and the heat attachment is our favorite because of our joint problems.Yes , we highly recommend this product .
 My physical therapist had this exact model when I went to her for my wrist . She used this on me about 4 times and I was healed . So of course , I ran to amazon to get my own for all my body parts . I really do love it although it does n't seem to get as hot as I 'd like it to . Otherwise it feels GREAT !
 I was looking for a light weight massager and this was perfect and works just great , includes heat option as well .
 I purchased this massager as I have a few previously . As other reviewers have stated , this product comes a little under-powered . Like other massagers I 've purchased I made some modifications to the internal pivet point of the arm and it enhanced the strength as desired :-RRB- . I place a cut piece of rubber washer from a garden hose under the vibrating arm between the two fastening screws . Adjustments can be made by lossing one screw and tightening the other till the desired effect has been obtained .
 Great for Traveling . It is small . Our other Massager is very large and heavy , this is just to hard to carry in a suitcase . The performance of the new massager is excellent and we are very pleased . It does the job .
 im just guessing is about around a foot long ITS GREAT . more powerful than i expected ! the heat takes a min to heat up and its not that hot but its something and for 20bucks its worth every penny . it comes with all types of massaging pieces to change out for certain areas on the body LOVE THAT .
 I really like this massager . It has a lot of power and I love the heat . Very well built . The attachments work well , too .
 I have absolutely no negatives to say about this product only one suggestion ... maybe a longer handle to reach a little further down the back . Other than that , it 's wonderful for a self massager for the shoulders , neck , and arms . The heating coil works well too , not too hot , not too cold .
 consumerreports.org rates these as the best - and they probably are . The ones where you read the lines -LRB- the 10 pack -RRB- are the best . They are probably the most reliable way to check day after day . Do n't forget - surges last from 1 to 3 days , so continue to test , day after day , in the mornings upon wakening.The easy read ones - the digital display - ABSOLUTELY USELESS . Dont waste your money . It comes with machines that do n't work . I just tried two that do n't work . You cant see the result unless you put it into a useless machine . You will just waste a month.The fertility monitor is expensive and just alright , but it is not reliable because it has a machine that seems to have a mind of its own . Some months it wo n't even let me test . I would use it only as a secondary way of checking .
 I recently broke my first Baldfader -LRB- my fault -RRB- and did n't hesitate a second when buying the same model as a replacement . I 've heard nothing but good word of mouth about Wahl Clippers , and Baldfader has n't let me down.It has a solid , sturdy construction . Without a gaurd , I easily get down to the equivalence of ~ 2 day 's growth after a straight shave . The professional head and blade do n't nick my skin or give me problems with the teeth and blades binding up when cutting a lot of hair -LRB- I had this problem with other Clippers -RRB- . Although my hair is fairly thin and I do n't do anything fancy with my Baldfader , I 'm very happy using my it for thorough , even shaves.Although I suspect there may be better Wahl Clippers out there , Baldfader has exceeded all of my expectations , especialy considering such a reasonable price point .
 The Baldfader is a great clipper for those of us that like our hair short . It only has a couple of settings and it lives up to its name , Baldfader .
 I 've had these clippers for about two months now and very happy with the hair cuts I get with them . I never had any problems with my clipper , unlike the other comments people have left . If you like a fade , bald or even a military high and tight hair cut , these clippers will perform . It shaves very close and very well made . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is , it could use some type of carrying case to put everything inside but other than that it 's a great buy .
 This clipper set seems to work very well for what I need it to do . I use it to keep my head shaved and I wanted something that would work better than what you can get at wal-mart , which is what I was using . It shaves very close and has an adjustable lever to change the closeness . I have cut myself once using it , operator error . The only gripe I would have is that it is very loud and heats up pretty quickly .
 I recently broke my first Baldfader -LRB- my fault -RRB- and did n't hesitate a second when buying the same model as a replacement . I 've heard nothing but good word of mouth about Wahl Clippers , and Baldfader has n't let me down.It has a solid , sturdy construction . Without a gaurd , I easily get down to the equivalence of ~ 2 day 's growth after a straight shave . The professional head and blade do n't nick my skin or give me problems with the teeth and blades binding up when cutting a lot of hair -LRB- I had this problem with other Clippers -RRB- . Although my hair is fairly thin and I do n't do anything fancy with my Baldfader , I 'm very happy using my it for thorough , even shaves.Although I suspect there may be better Wahl Clippers out there , Baldfader has exceeded all of my expectations , especialy considering such a reasonable price point .
 I recently broke my first Baldfader -LRB- my fault -RRB- and did n't hesitate a second when buying the same model as a replacement . I 've heard nothing but good word of mouth about Wahl Clippers , and Baldfader has n't let me down.It has a solid , sturdy construction . Without a gaurd , I easily get down to the equivalence of ~ 2 day 's growth after a straight shave . The professional head and blade do n't nick my skin or give me problems with the teeth and blades binding up when cutting a lot of hair -LRB- I had this problem with other Clippers -RRB- . Although my hair is fairly thin and I do n't do anything fancy with my Baldfader , I 'm very happy using my it for thorough , even shaves.Although I suspect there may be better Wahl Clippers out there , Baldfader has exceeded all of my expectations , especialy considering such a reasonable price point .
 I 've used this one in the past , and just ordered more . It 's got a fairly good taste and is very palatable , mixes OK . But best of all , I got really good results with it . Just remember to use a loading dose for five days , then change to the maintenance dose , and cycle off during the very hottest months of the summer . Drink plenty of water while taking creatine .
 Nice sunglasses ! These fit my head very well . It 's my second pair . I was able to purchase these from Amazon for cheaper than at Sunglass hut . Plus they arrived with a soft shell case , a soft lens cleaning sleeve , and a piece of the lens cleaning fabric ! Usually in the store you have to pay extra for the case , but it was included ! I am very pleased . These give everything a slight green tint but the polarizing is good . I also do n't notice any optical distortion .
 This is a great kit . It 's very small & perfect for me to carry in my purse . It was shipped very fast ! Ca n't beat the price !
 The cloth worked very well did not leave scratches . The screw driver and magnifying glass also worked very well .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 What more can you say about a small trimmer that actually cuts your nose and , for us oldees , your ear hairs . It 's great . Just do what you have to do with one hand and use the other for productive work . It is quick and does not pull such as others have . It is durable and so far my other Wahl procuct experience has been super . It is not a fancy face or leg shaver . It is a little trimmer that you can also use to trim those eye brows . Being waterproof is an added feature and handy . Washing the remains down the drain sure beats flipping the waste in the trash can or elsewhere and then having left over stuff .
 I 've tried several trimmers over the years , they all were crap in one way or another . This one works about the best out of all I tried .
 This trimmer is battery powered . Compared to trimmers powered from a 110 volt source this one has a bit less power . Regardless , this may be an advantage because the user is less likely to get nicked with the battery powered trimmer . It works fine for me .
 After trying every other brand that brings tears to one 's eyes , the Wahl trimmer is a blessing . No nicks , cuts or ripping . Very very good . No regrets here . If it ever wears out I will get another from Amazon .
 I used three different products before , two of which were Panasonic . One of the Panasonic models pulled out my nose hair so bad that I would be literally crying at the end of my session . I decided to try something else and went for this Wahl product . It 's not a pretty looking model , but when you hold it in your hand , it feels solid and sturdy . The motor is surprisingly quiet and it did it its job . Not a single hair pulled.I would have given it 5 star , were it not for the price . After I placed the order , I found the same product for about the same price at a small local beauty supplies store .
 Ca n't say it 's the best but it works ... I bought another one for my dad . Only thing I have to say is bad is that the protective metal gaurd is slowing down the blades ... probably or the batteries wear down fast ...
 THIS PRODUCT IS VERY GOOD , I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN . WARNING !!!! DO N'T BE IN A HURRY , THEIR COMMUNICATION & DELIVERY IS VERY SLOW . BUY IT ON EBAY IF YOU CAN .
 This is the best personal trimmer , and it is made in the USA
 I purchased a Wahl razor in June 2004 . I have owned Wahl products in the past.My razor stopped running on Jan 10th 2005 . I took it to a certified Wahl repair store and found out that Amazon had sold me a razor that was out of WARRANTY before I received it.Up to today I have no razor and can not get repairs because of problems between the two companies , as to whom is responsible.I would suggest that buyers investigate warranty dates on mdse before purchacing from Amazon
 My husband only uses Wahl ! He has a tough heavy beard , and has struggled for years to find a good electric razor to cut his beard instead of pull it out ! He was listening to NPR a couple years back and Paul Harvey was talking and recommended Wahl . My husband tried it and has not been more pleased ! He is working on wearing out razor # 2 .
 I found the Wahl custon shaver to be an excellent buy and very reliable electric shaver . I have owned and used a Whal shaver for over 20 years and love them . The new 5000 electric shaver is a new design that tells you how many shaves you have left on a charge with a number of small led lights that light up and indicate the charge left . Th electric shaver can be charged on 110 volts or 220 volts , making it making it ideal traveling abroad . This new Whal 5000 is the best electric shaver I have ever owned !! BOB
 Comfortable shave . I like the fit in the hand , reminds me of the old rectangular Remington shavers . Very satisfied with this shaver
 My husband likes theWahl razor . I boughthim this one for agift . It tells whenyour razor needs tobe recharged ! Ialso purchased a setof new cutters and bladesfor the old Wahl razorand I now I use thatone !! Works like New !!
 Shaver is easy to use and easy to clean . I would prefer a little more powerful motor .
 I received the shaver in timely fashion and it was exactly as described.The price was excellent for this product and the perfomance was as good as I had expected . Amazon is a superb merchant not only for books but for varied merchandice as well.I am extremely pleased with amazon and I will continue to use their services for my future needs .
 I am 76 years old . Over the years , I must have tried all brands of Shavers . Wahl has been the best ever . Got a great deal of this most recent purchase from Amazon . I always check Amazon first beefore I buy anything . Bob
 The Wahl 7367-500 works great . I use the meduim head attachment and I get a very close and smooth shave just like my last Wahl which died after 4 years of use . I do n't consider my last Wahl shaver lasting 4 years to be a problem given the price . One thing though , the side burn trimmer is very loud and it can be quite disturbing to hear first thing in the morning . I 'm sure I 'll get use to it though . For the price this is a Great shaver !
 I think I like this shaver . There are some downsides
 The 3 shields are wonderful , i.e. to have a choice . The &#34; closest shave &#34; shield is so efficient , so close in its shave , that my husband , w/dementia , ca n't tolerate it
 Only issue I had is that its a little bulky and this thing is really loud . I replaced my Panasonic-ES8109S . But I have to tell you I now get a clean smooth shave , without any redness or irritation on my neck . There are three heads that come with the unit
 Best electric shaver I 've ever used , period . I recommend it to anyone wanting a change from shaving with a razor .
 I 've owned Norelco , Remington , Braun , Panasonic , and Wahl . Of the lot , the Wahl has provided the closest shave with the greatest comfort . It has also been the most durable . It 's beginning to show its age now , so I probably will replace it soon , but after more than 10 years of reliable service , it 's still chugging along . I 'm down to the last of three screens that came with the unit . The trimmer still works . The charger `` stand '' -- a cheap little device that relied on gravity to make the electrical contact -- never really worked well . I got tired of messing with it and just plugged the cord directly into the shaver . That worked fine for about 6 years , until the contacts in the plug loosened to the point wherein they would n't work reliably . I cut the plug off and replaced it with a couple of crimp-style splice connectors , which I tightly crimped onto the cord but crimped only enough to make a snug fit on the shaver contacts . I 've been running it that way for the past 4 years , and it works great.If that seems like a lot of fuss to endure for a shaver I 've given a 5-star rating , here 's a bit of context that should help to explain . The other shavers I 've used have never given me more than a few years of service before they died . Their biggest consistent deficiency was failure to hold a charge ; with no way to connect the power cord directly to the shaver , that 's the end of the shaver 's useful life . While they did function , none had ALL of the Wahl 's advantages . Some were comfortable but did n't shave closely enough ; or shaved closely but ravaged my face ; or did n't have a trimmer ; or pulled the hairs -LRB- OUCH ! -RRB- ; or the screen was too fine or prone to clogging . The Wahl is the only shaver that had the best of all those features , and still provided a cord configuration that enabled me to keep the doggone thing running ... and it 's still running!So , if you 're not inclined to futz with a power cord , fair enough ; deduct 4 years from my 10 years of reported usage , and there 's your basis of comparison . Of course , it has been 10 years or more since I tried any of the other shavers . Maybe they 've all improved in that time ... even the Wahl . But based on my experience with the venerable old shaver I 'm still using , when it finally dies , I 'll buy another Wahl with confidence .
 I have been using this product for a number of years , and am just preparing to buy the third . I wore out the first two . After two other brands of rechargeable razors , plus many traditional razors and shave creams , the System 4000 just cuts my beard more closely than any other product . My wife does not get scratched from my tough beard stubble , and that is the final test . The charge holds for about 5 days , so on travel I carry the stand-up charger . The pop-up trimmer works great . My only concern is that Wahl may some day stop making electric razors then what would I do ?
 Update
 I was glad to find the Wahl shaver at such a good price -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . I have owned two previous Wahl shavers and was disappointed when I could no longer find them locally . It shaves fast and close with no irritation . The trimmer is better than most I have tried - I used two Remingtons and a Braun before finding the replacement Wahl on Amazon . I disagree with another reviewer about noise . It 's quiter than either the Remington or Braun that I still have ; but they have been used for a while and most shavers get noisier from continued use.Since it comes with three heads - marked `` close '' , `` super close '' , and `` sensitive '' , you can almost certainly find one that will work well with your face and beard . And if you 're lucky , like me , all three will do a good job , so you 're effectively getting two replacement heads for free . The `` super close '' is faster for me and not quite as comfortable as the `` close '' - my favorite . The `` sensitive '' is a little slower and does n't shave quite as close unless you spend extra time going over areas with heavy beard.I get four to six shaves on one charge , depending on how much time I spend shaving each use.I do not think that the Wahl shaver is quite as durable as some others , but since it comes with a two-year warranty , you can count on two year 's service . And hopefully when it finally wears out , you can find a new one at a good price . At the price of $ 30 , which is about the price of two replacement heads for competing shavers , I 've been considering buying another one for the future .
 I had intended to buy one of the Remingtons until I researched these consumer evals , which were jammed with horror stories about them . One man suggested Wahl , which I had never heard of , and when he mentioned that it was the last American manufactured razor , that sealed the deal . It came with 3 differently gauged foils . The charging base was unassembled for some reason , which I quickly remedied with some model glue . The cleaning brush is utterly worthless ; the fact that I use an old toothbrush says it all.I have exceptionally bad luck with merchants , so of course , mine was the one that slipped through quality control and arrived with a misaligned grip . This did not affect its performance , which is first rate , and I suppose most men could just grin and bear it , but I returned it for replacement as my relationship with merchants is essentially a state of war . In summary , well worth the low price , in my opinion .
 A week ago I never would have thought I would write this review . First of all , I do not write reviews . Second of all , I like German products in general and have been mostly satisfied with the Braun electric razer I used until it broke . So , I was looking at buying the new Braun which costs $ 200.00 which I thought was a ridiculous price , so I took a ` flyer ' on the Wahl . It 's the best ! I like it better than my Braun ! I like the flexibility of the twin head foil/cutter of the Wahl much better and because of this , I get a closer shave , more quickly . With the Braun I would have to go over certain areas literally 4 , 5 , 6 times to really ` get it ' . The Wahl sounds like a damn chain saw , because it has this sooped up American style car engine for a motor , but it shaves the closest of any electric razor and more quickly , than any I have ever used . God Bless good ` ole American engineering on this one ! Okay , the plastic housing looks cheesy and non-sexy compared to the Braun , but the Wahl is a loyal lover who satisfies the most . You know , sometimes we Americans just get the job done . So , I am writing this review because I think this is the best product and for sure at the best price so I believe it 's time to thank Wahl and for that matter , sincere and honest and solid American companies . I do not work for Wahl . I do not know anyone who does . I do not even know what State they are in and I do not care . Just keep up the good work !
 This is a very good and efficient shaver . This is a replacement for another Wahl shaver that I wore out over the years . Since I was sent TWO of them , having ordered ONE but was charged for two , I have a spare if anyone is interested . With three different shaving screens , it will deliver a shave for any type beard . Lloyd Woolley
 I just ordered my second Wahl 4000 shaver . I 'm replacing a Wahl 4000 with a weak battery - it 's been two years - it 'll be a good spare once I get around to replacing the battery . Yes , the battery life could be longer , but overall it 's a good shaver for the price . It shaves close , and I never get razor burn . I pulled out an old Remington I keep as a spare and I was surprised how much better the Wahl performs .
 This product is the best shaver that I have used so far and I have bought a few . It provides a very close and clean shave.Very nice product
 This is my third Wahl Shaver , I stay with Wahl because it 's the only one I have found with a screen with holes that are big enough to do the job right for me . I use the super close screen , the other Wahl screens and the several other brands shavers I have tried and returned , have smaller holes and I have to shave twice as long and still do n't get as good a shave.Maybe this is unique to me but I doubt it . I would think the other brands would do a little research and development and come out with more screen choices also .
 For the price this is a great shaver , and with the three heads you can select the one that works best for your face.In shaving where there is a few days growth , you have to make sure you do n't miss any hair , as it tends to miss a few if you 're not careful . Shaves quite fast with it 's larger head , and the separate heads can be purchased from Wahl direct , quite economically .
 Pros :1 . Holds it 's charge way longer than I expected .2 . 3 foils choices .3 . I used to use the Super Close foil . Now I am happy with Close .4 . Price is fair.Cons :1 . Need to chip away or jam several times to trim successfully .2 . Terrible for under arms .
 Over the years I have tried many razors but Wahl shaves the closest . The long hair trimmer is much better than most I have used even on more expensive shavers . Another major advantage of this product is the replacement head and cutter is reasonably priced unlike other shavers where the parts can be as expensive as the razor . I had a problem with the first one I received but Amazon replace with no hassle !
 I used a Wahl electric razor for many years , literally until it wore out . Then I purchased a Norelco as friends had recommended it . I used it about a month , returned it and got my money back . Next came a foil Remington . Same story . Neither razor would shave close . I then ordered a Wahl Shave System 4000 . It 's just like old times , a close , comfortable shave every time . And it cost less than the Norelco and Remington ,
 This is the second Wahl electric shaver I have purchased for my husband . He says it works well , and this time it came with a trimmer . Great .
 I purchased my first Wahl 4000 about 5 years ago . I think it is not only the best razor for the price but the best razor available . I have had Braun razors in the past but they are not as good as the Wahl .
 ... and a great bargain . Works well , charge lasts a long time . This is only my second razor in 30 years -LRB- the first was a Wahl too -RRB- .
 i find this a first class razor for me and must congratulate amazon on the fast delivery .
 Have only used for a couple weeks . . Seems as good as my last Wahl . Battery seems to hold charge longer time will tell . Has more vibration than my old ID Wahl but I like it and the price . .
 I was unable to find the Wahl Shaver I needed in over two dozen local area stores . Went online and found that Amazon offered exactly what I needed at a very competitive price . Initially talked with Amazon representative who was very courteous and helpful . Ordered online and received the product within 24 hours . I have ordered a multitude of books from Amazon through the years and now will ordering other products.Tom Wilson
 The Wahl multihead shaver is a great buy . The multiple heads give me a choice each day . Since I have problem skin -- formerly eczema , rosacea , and seborrheic dermatitis -LRB- explained at -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , now cured but still VERY sensitive -- I needed a shaver that does n't irritate my skin in some locations.I read the instructions very carefully and adjusted my expectations as noted . This is my first foil shaver . I have used only a rotary type before . After three weeks of using the Sensitive head , as predicted , I could see no problems . I had got used to the shaver and it worked well.The nose and ear hair trimmer has been very helpful too for those hard to get places.The one problem is the volume of noise . I woul n't dare use the shaver early in the morning , for fear of waking up my neighbors . -LRB- I live in a small apartment . -RRB- I am retired , so I can shave during the day and avoid the problem.For men with serious skin problems , I would suggest what I am trying now
 I bought the product for a friend to use at the recommendation of a friend of his . They have been impressed with how good it was for keeping shaved heads smooth with little to no irritation . Be gentle with the pieces . One of the foils broke after a few uses . The replacement was easily purchased -LRB- at a low cost -RRB- from the Wahl product Web site . No problems reported since .
 I have used a Wahl Razor for several years and my wife had been buying them at Sears . They no longer carry them so she got on line and found it through Amazon . I like it because it is made in America
 I have had a Wahl shaver for about 10 years before it finally quit . The new one I just purchased gets the job done just as well , but it feels so cheap in hand . The trimmer functions okay , but the fit of battery holder is very poor and does not stay together . I use my old Wahl trimmer . Cheap materials are a disappointment , but performance is definetly as good as always . Another plus is that it 's the only shaver made in the USA I believe .
 I have been using the Wahl razor for many years and I wanted to purchase a new razor . I used to buy them at Sears , but they no longer sell them . I ordered the Wahl through Amazon and received it within a few days . Many thanks for the great service .
 I have owned three wahl shavers and have been very pleased with their performance . The option of changing the foil head makes it easy to pick for my skin sesitivity . always is charged and ready to use .
 I also have an older model Wahl and really like this one . Battery life is good and the shape is nicer to hold . Nose hair trimmer also works well .
 I have bought Remington and Norelco , the Wahl 4000 beats them all , screen or rotory . It has more power and I can get nine shaves on one recharge . The others I was lucky to get three.The only thing I do ` nt know about is how long it will recharge , because I have only had it for one month.The others were terrible , they would only last about 11/2 to 2 years.If I get the 6 to 7 years they advertise , this is the razor I 'll always own !
 After trying several other well known brands of shavers , I will stay with the best ... Wahl Shavers , because they are American made , do an excellent job , choice of shaving heads , they are quite , easy to use , unlike others , the shaving head and cutter bars last a long time and after daily use , Wahl Shavers will stay dependable and last for years .
 I 've been using this same model razor for many years & this new one really seems to work the best of them all .
 I have tried many electric razors in my life time and this one is one of the best . You would think for the price that it ca n'tbe as good as those much higher priced shavers but be leave me it is . Beleave me in my life time i have tried all the big namebrands . The close and super close sreens are the two you should get . The Whal 7367-500 comes with all the heads you 'll need .
 I as a barber only require the best products . Most efficient and durable . I use it on many of my clients and 9 out of 10 ask me where they can buy one or if I can get em one ... Only complaint was the nose hair trimmer that it came wit did n't work ...
 This razor is a fantastic product . It has a cord to charge , but runs on a battery . My husband loves it gives him a close shave . We will continue to use this brand .
 This item is awesome , i 've been looking for a shaver that would give me a close shave since I am not able to use razors and this electric shaver is doing a wonderful job .
 Excellent buy best shaver and nose trimmer I have ever had and I love the different shaver heads options it makes for a more comfortable shave great buy you wont regret it .
 I have had this shaving system for several weeks and I am very satisfied with it 's performance . It gives a closer shave than any other electric shaver that I have owned . Great price .
 This Wahl 7367-500 Custom Shaver works great . However , like ALL those that my husband has had in the past , it is very noisy . VERY noisy . Worth the money for the quality shave -LRB- he says -RRB- , though .
 This is an amazing shaver . It provides me the closest shave I have ever had from an electric shaver . I have had all the over-priced Braun , Norelco , and Panasonic shavers . I have n't been happy with their performance . This Wahl is the best
 I had avoided buying a new shaver to replace my old Remington Microscreen -LRB- bought at Fedco years before they closed , for those in Southern California just to show you how long I have owned that one -RRB- . I never found any I liked , so I just kept the Remington going -- new batteries once , new screen and cutters , etc. . I also did n't like the fact that any new models , including new Remingtons , were made outside the U.S. and often in China.I happened to stumble across this Wahl shaver , did a little checking , and found that it is well-liked by owners , and as a bonus is actually made in the U.S. Now , after owning it for a short while , I find that it is a great little shaver.I finally charged it for the first time since I originally charged it , which means it went almost a month on a single charge , and I use it almost daily . On the few times i let my beard grow a little I find that the different heads allow me to cut longer growth with no pulling at all ; after the initial shave I switch to the closest head and finish off for a remarkably close shave -- better than I ever obtained with any other shaver or razor.The build quality is excellent , it is very light to hold , and the pop-out trimmer works superbly . I hope this shaver is available for a long time , because if mine ever needs replacing , I want another just like it.This may just be the best shaver available . And the bonus trimmer is quite nice as well.UPDATE
 I 've used Wahl for years but at Christmas I was gifted a Remington MS280 Titanium . Almost six months later I 'm back to Wahl . Sure it 's noisy but it gives a great shave and is n't that what we are looking for ? No bells , whistles , or flat screens to watch the news while you are shaving . Just a good shave -LRB- and made in America ! -RRB- . Please keep making them Wahl and keep selling them Amazon . A great product .
 I have tried them all . Latest was a Braun . It was the worst one of four brands I have had three Wahl 's and you ca n't beat them . Amazon was the best price and was thrilled to find it there as I had been looking locally for a year .
 Here are the facts regarding this product . I have owned 2 of them in the past 11 years and have just ordered the third . They are more effective , less irritating and closer than any other brand of razor I have used in the past . At under $ 50 they are an astonishing bargain despite the plasticky appearence many others here have commented on . This price is compared to - for example , the $ 220 price tag I saw on a Norelco shaver earlier in the week . Even if they were sloghtly less durable -LRB- and my expereince says they are n't -RRB- I could buy five of them before I reached the price of the Norelco.Finally , I like the fact that these are still made in the USA . Given the absurd number of formerly American products now being banged out by slave labor in China , I am heartened that Wahl has not bowed to the pressure and is still paying American workers to make these . Frankly , the only way that is likely to continue is if the company sells shavers . So , I am buying one .
 This shaver has only one drawback . It has no light to tell you when to re-charge it , so you either have to run it down or run the risk of cooking the battery.On the other hand , the shaver foil heads are one third the cost of Braun or Remington , and the shave is as good or better . In the literature that comes with it , they warn you to shave for 3-4 times to condition your face , and this is true . Also , you can get foil heads for three types of beard , which works well.The purchase price is excellent compared to Braun or Remington , and the last one I had lasted 5 years . I do n't know why this company does n't push these shavers more , as they are an excellent value for the money .
 We like this shaver . The sideburn trimmer is only fair , but the shave is smooth like you expect from a Wahl .
 I bought this for my husband , and he has really enjoyed it . It provides a smooth transition from shaving with a blade , and is easy on the face . Fully charged , it lasts about a week , and is not bulky or inconvenient to leave out while charging . His favorite feature is that he can choose how close it will shave . It 's also very easy to clean and easy to take on trips .
 The Wahl 4000 electric razor I purchased through Amazon comes with 3 shaving screens . I have been using the one for the closest shave . It has been comfortable to use and closer shaving than the Norelco I was using before . I have been very pleased with the results.My only disappointment has been with the side trimmer -LRB- for use with trimming side burns , etc. -RRB- It is not easy to use without pulling hair . And it is not as effective in trimming as other razors I have had.If you do n't need the side trimmer , this razor is the best I have ever had -- more like a `` blade-close shave '' than any other razor I have owned .
 After years of rebuilding my System 4000 shavers , I decided to break down and get a new unit as the cost for replacement parts this time were so close to the Amazon price for the new model . Still has the feature I like most of the electric shavers I 've used , the different foil heads . I 've tried other brands and still kept with the System 4000 for the better shave I get with the close and super-close foil heads . With the new model the shape is easier to hold and I think it is a little lighter . Seems that the cutters and foil heads are identical to the old in design , but then if they work why change right ? This one is n't made with too many ` customer serviceable ' components like the older version . Its ability to work corded is better than the 4000 model . The models I had of those were dead if the battery was dead , and would n't work plugged in until the battery was charged . It is overall still worthy of checking out if you 're looking for a really good shaver .
 I 've tried other brands , but the Wahl razor with Super Close screen has been the only razor that is effective with my beard . My beard grows in at an angle almost parallel to my skin and before trying Wahl about 10 years ago , I frequently suffered ingrown hairs on my neck.My first Wahl lasted about 10 years before it would no longer accept a charge . After trying a triple head electric razor unsuccessfully , I bought my new Wahl and have been happy with it . The only drawback has been it 's slightly larger size which I dealt with by finding a slightly larger space in which to store it .
 Does a decent job . Not as close as a blade . Has a hard time with hairs at the neck line that do n't grow in a uniform direction . No irritation whatsoever .
 I have owned several Wahl shavers over the years and decided to replace my old one with this unit . Works great and nice close shave . It is a little noisier than the old one , but it 's not too bad . However , the nose hair trimmer is flimsy and made in China .
 It is nice to enjoy a product and find the same thing again after years . It saves having to make ` major decisions ' and do mega research . Thank you Wahl for know what we guys want .
 This purchase was to replace my Dynaflex shaver which I have used for 13 years with only one repair . The grip of the 4000 is better than before and I would recomend it for anyone that prefers a foil razor .
 This is not my first Wahl Shaver and it wo n't be my last . I shave everyday and these shavers run and run and run . I get a close shave and my wife really does not want me using anything else . I am not about to use a more expensive shaver when I get great results with the Wahl . I highly recommend this cordless shaver .
 The Wahl shaver works wonderfully . I 've had mine since mid-January . The battery life is pretty good-used it for 21/2 weeks before charging -LRB- every other day NOT everyday -RRB- . Its a close shave and the attached trimmer is really sharp and works great for getting those pesky odd hairs and for trimming the mustache.There are a few drawbacks : The attached trimmer is more difficult than it should be to open.This shaver is LOUD . Its louder than the clippers I use to cut my hair!The charging base is rather shoddy and comes apart easily.Besides that its a great shaver and I highly recommend it.I have no comment on the personal trimmer as I have yet to use it .
 With a choice of 3 different foils you ca n't help but get a great shave . This shaver performs best with a light touch . Have n't needed to use a pre-shave
 This is the best shaver ever . I have tried Remington , Braun , Panasonic , and find this is the one that gives the fastest and closest shave . Add to the performance , the reasonable price , and you have an unbeatable combination . I highly recommend this product . Moreover , Amazon delivered my order to my front door without any delay and even sooner than I expected . My total experience was perfect .
 I have owned other razors but Wahl is still my favorite ! It includes 3 foils which makes it a great deal !
 Been using these for over 13 years and just got my third one as the battery gave out and the power cord became damaged . Ive tried norelco , braun , and remington as i get them as gifts - nothing comes close at double the cost of my wahl . American made - just hope they can stay in business.The one issue i have noticed is they have been loud . But the one i just got seemed to have a different cutting blade and is very quiet compared to previous versions - looks like they might have tuned the blade to minimize harmonics.S as i go into the store and see shaver prices approaching $ 200 - i just have to &#34; really ? &#34; Thanks wahl for keeping the sanity and providing a great product at a great price .
 really great electric shave i am happy with the power and smothness . I am a baber and people say it felt better on the bald fads and face use
 So , I 'm 22 and I 've only ever used electric shavers which means I ca n't compare it against a regular shave , but I 'll go ahead and write this review against the few other electric shavers I 've used . Of the last few razors I 've used this one blows the other two out of the water ; the first razor was a philips rechargeable with a cord , and the results were n't great but it did well enough for my use , and the second one was a Remington cord only razor . The philips razor was no longer usable when its battery died , having the cord connected to it was pointless when its battery died , and so after a year or two I ended up having to replace it . It had very visible signs it was going to die before it did which included noticeably slower rpms and an even more noticeable poor job at shaving.Both the philips and the Remington were rotary shavers . I bought a cord only Remington shaver when the philips ran out and I 'd been using it for a few months prior to this Wahl razor . It definitely worked better than the philips for the few weeks before it ran out but it never really impressed me . Prior to getting this razor I had looked up the general differences between a rotary and foil electric razor . Ca n't remember the site but one of them outlined that a rotary razor is good for larger jobs with few and far between uses but not so great for daily shaves ; then it went on to say that a foil razor is better for daily uses because they get closer shaves but require more maintenance cleaning . I 'm one of those blonds that ca n't really grow large amounts of facial hair , the most I ever grow above my lip is a few small hairs and my neck and face hair is pretty crowded together but even after weeks of leaving it alone it would only produce hairs at max a quarter of an inch long which never really looked like a beard.This was the foil razor I decided on because every foil razor < $ 40 had poor ratings . I got this as a Christmas present and , the first few times I used it , I could tell it was a little better shave than the old Remington but not as great as I 'd hoped for . I 've been experimenting every day with the three different heads , using the trimmer before and after the shave , but the third thing I tried today works really well . With the different heads I could n't tell a difference between the shaves at all but using the trimmer before and/or after shaving did make any left over individual hairs a good deal less noticeable while not being gone.On my old rotary razors when I would try to go over my neck and face with different stroke patterns it never made a difference in the end result so it 's taken me a while to stumble onto this method . I had been using this foil razor in only a downward or upward vertical stroke pattern and doing this several times over would not get rid of the stray hairs . But when I finally decided to try running the head of the razor horizontally across my face and neck , every last hair disappeared . My newly established ritual that works well for me is
 Great !!!!!!!!! I bought this shaver and it has beeen the best one . . No problems at all and works great . Must Buy this one
 Although I do n't always shave with an electric shaver , I need one for those times when I 'm in a hurry . This one fits the bill . It gives a quick , close shave . I would recommend this razor for two maIn reasons . One , it works very well . Two , it is made in the USA . The only reason I have n't given it five stars is that I have n't had it long enough to test its durability .
 Good for use at home . Not as good for travel.It gives a good , close shave but it 's very noisy and the battery needs recharging after only three shaves .
 Works great and gives a nice shave for a electric razor . Like having the charger . Wahl is the best kept secret as far as electric razors go . I highly recommend the Wahl Razor .
 This is the only shaver that works for my face and neck . It 's a very close shave and makes my face feel like a baby 's bottom .
 I bought this shaver a few weeks ago . I have previously used Remington & Braun . To be honest I had never heard of Wahl before but it was a good price at my local store . At first I thought the multi-head idea was just a gimmick but I have to tell you - I have never gotten as close a shave with any other shaver than I have with this one using the `` super close '' shaving head . I like being able to choose a particular head based on the level of growth . Although it feels plasticky -LRB- ok , it is plastic ! -RRB- and somewhat cheap , the shave is remarkable and a real delight . Replacement heads and cutters are less than competing brands . I 'm very happy with my choice.UPDATE
 Have had this shaver for many years and now that I need to replace it , I look for the same one because it has worked so well for me . Not much to say about it . Easy to use . Multiple blade guards for desired closeness .
 I bought this shaver in July , 2007 . It gives a great , close shave . The smoothness does n't last an entire day , but it 's far more convenient and less time consuming than using a razor.The battery lasts a long time before it needs charging and the unit is simple to clean.I like that 3 different heads came with the shaver , so I could find the right one for my skin . I recently switched to the ` very close ' shave head , but after the 2nd use , the foil tore . I emailed Wahl with the issue and received an IMMEDIATE response . I just received TWO replacement heads yesterday at no cost to me -LRB- not even shipping and handling -RRB- ! In this age where customers are dealing with multiple phone menus and long waits to get a question answered or an issue fixed , this was EXTREMELY refreshing ! THANK YOU , WAHL!It 's nice to buy a great product AND deal with a great company .
 This is my 5th wall shaver and I am always satified with the product.It shaves close without razor burn and always gives a good looking shave .
 Includes 3 heads so you can get a close shave whether it 's heavy or light . Trimmer does well on mustache and sideburns .
 Good service from the seller . The shaver works very good . I am well pleased . Have been a Whal user for about 20 years and do n't plan to change.Doug
 my hubby decided , after trying a norelco , that he wanted a foil razor back and Wahl had always been good to him , so I bought this one . It 's a great razor , but when he unpacked it , the bottom separated from it as if the glue was n't there to hold it . He must have ` snapped ' it back together , because he 's shaving fine -LRB- which is what matters most to me ! -RRB- and it 's working well . He loves that he 's able to use it both with or without a cord ... which he could n't with his last one .
 Wahl has consistently made high quality products in my experience and this is no different . I was looking for an everyday shaver that cuts close with minimal irritation . I found it and am very pleased .
 Good shaver ... . no complaints ... it leaves a few hairs but easy shave with razor . trimmer is good for nose hairs .
 This is my 2nd Wahl razor - I purchased one several years ago and really liked it . I did have some trouble because the foil heads seemed to break easily . Tried a few other brands of razors -LRB- in the $ 50 - $ 75 range -RRB- over the last few years only to decide that I was most happy with the Wahl even with the foil head issue . I was getting ready to head out of town for the weekend when my last razor finally died on me . I could n't find one -LRB- a Wahl -RRB- in a local store , but knew what I wanted and decided to check Amazon . They had it for a lower price than ordering it from Walmart and having to wait to pick it up at the local store . So I ordered in Wednesday afternoon , and with our Prime membership along with a small extra charge for next day delivery had my brand new razor on my porch Thursday night when I came home from work .
 I purchased this item based off of the reviews and the affordable price . I have been using a gillette razor and the andis styliner 2 for shaving my face and head . The razor tends to cause black heads and razor bumps and the styliner to me is more for touch up work than full shaves . While this whal product ca n't cut nearly as close as a razor , it did a good job . It did leave serveral loose hair spots on my face so I touched it up with the edger that is attached to the shaver . That combo worked well . I had a very close shave . I would reccomend this product for those of you whose skin does not respond well to a true razor shave . I follow up my shaves with the bump patrol facial application and I do n't get any bumps . I also reccomend in addtion to the bump patrol you have the skin tone application by high time , to help lighten up any shaving blemishes you occur .
 I bought this shaver for my husband and he is thrilled with it . It is a great product and I would highly recommend it . He often only gets around to shaving once per week , and this electric razor zips through his thick whiskers like a lawn mower .
 This electric shaver is excellent . It has three settings to attach to make it a more comfortable transition from blade shaver . My girlfriend loves how smooth my face is now !!!
 The Wahl shaver is a good product and performs well . The multi-head option is what made me purchase this over some of the similarly rated shavers . This Wahl holds its charge and I can go a full week without recharging , while using it daily for about 5 minutes . As was stated by previous customers , this thing is LOUD ! It sounds like a mini chainsaw , but the comfort level of the shave is not comparable to the loud sound.Ultimately , I would recommend this shaver ; it is versatile and does a good job of shaving your hair to various lengths depending on which shaving head you use .
 This razor gives a close shave so far . However , it is the loudest electric razor I 've ever had . Hopefully it has an industrial strength motor that will keep it going forever . I 'm afraid to use this razor if my wife is still sleeping . It would wake her up for sure .
 I tried this shaver after a relative suggested it . I liked that the razor itself is US made . It shaves as well , if not better , than the more expensive imports and I have a fairly tough beard . The personal trimmer that came with the system did n't work . I returned it to Wahl and they promptly and politely exchanged it .
 Wahl still has a wonderful razor and I prefer it above others . It shave close and comes with 3 different screens to use at your preference of closeness . It 's convenient for us on the road as the size is n't bulky and it does n't have any cumbersome attachments . This is my second Wahl replacing one I had for many years . Love it .
 besides the fact that it was a smokin deal ... I got a trimmer tooit has 3 foilsthe replacement heads are MUCH cheaper than the competition and ... it 's made in the U.S.A.now you ca n't beat that !!
 I purchased the Wahl Custom Shave System 4000 after viewing a video on youtube -LRB- ill include the link -RRB- on how to bald your head using dry shaving , a technique used in barber shops that cut African American hair . It is a simple technique that involves using a hair trimmer to bald your head and then using the Wahl 4000 shaver to get an extremely close shave , but not too close that razor bumps develop . I just did my first shave and I like how close the shaver can get . It comes with 3 blades to be used depending on how prone one is to getting razor bumps . Having the option to pick the closeness of the shave is VERY good in my opinion , because you can pick what you need based on personal preference . I started off with the `` sensitivity '' blade to see how close it would get and I ended up going all the way up to the `` extremely close '' blade for the stubborn hairs on my head , but all in all I got the close shave I was looking for -LRB- the 3 blades are sensitivity , close , extremely close -RRB- . The only downfall right now , is the button you press to change out the blades . I have to press it several times in order for the blade to come off , which is annoying , but other than that it delivers what I need . Im going to write a follow-up review to this to let other potential customers know the outcome of this product for my use.How to do a Dry Electric Shave -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 've owned a triple blade rotary Phillips shaver and a Panasonic linear shaver and I reckon the Wahl performs better . It moves over skin and facial contours more effectively and handles the variation of neck hair and stubble with better consistency than either of those . The Wahl is also a much kinder shaver . The Panasonic in particular required careful operation to avoid skin burn . The deal overall is better because of the inclusion of extra foils and a nasal hair trimmer . It scores much higher than the Panasonic for me just in that it comes with a cord option . The rechargeability packed up on my Panasonic -LRB- replacing the batteries did n't help -RRB- and that was the end of it.The only gripe I have with the Wahl is that the price appears to reflect the quality of manufacture . It feels light , insubstantial and plastic . The other two were solid , weighty and durable . Although the Panasonic and Phillips did n't shave as well , they each lasted a long time -LRB- 10 years and 15 respectively -RRB- . That 's why this Wahl is only the 3rd shaver I 've owned . However , it 's less than a 3rd of the price of either of the other two . The Wahl is probably better value overall then , but if I could have that design with the solidity of the Panasonic I would 've been happy to pay more .
 This is my second Wahl 4000 -LRB- or 7367-500 -RRB- Shaver . The first one is about 7 years old and still runs fine but the battery does n't really hold its charge anymore . Since I had to keep it on the charger nightly in order to use it , I decided to get a new one . I highly recommend them ... it 's a good product .
 I was tired of shaving with a regular razor . I searched online for good , sturdy and affordable electric razors and I found the Wahl 7367-500 . What a great choice
 Most durable and reliable razor I 've ever used . Long lasting . Wahl company stands behind their product , will even repair it and recondition it for small fee .
 Made in good old U.S.A. Have used the Wahl Shaver for over seven years and am satisfied with this new one .
 My husband owned a Wahl & had it for years . At least 10 . It finally wore out or got damaged in the many moves we did ; although he was still using it just fine . I surprised him with a very expensive Norelco -LRB- on sale -RRB- which he tried and just mentioned that he really liked the Wahl better - trying not to hurt my feelings . He swapped his father for the expensive Braun , with the cleaning system , that dad got for Christmas and STILL wanted another Wahl . So we gave the Norelco and Braun away & I bought this Wahl for him . He likes the different heads & the overall handling of it fits his face with a good shave -LRB- as he puts it -RRB- . I even went so far as to buy him a second one to keep on our boat when we 're traveling .
 very fast delivery , and my husband loves this product . This is actually his 3rd Wahl shaver . Ca n't find them in the stores so thank you Amazon
 Very satisfied with this shaver , it is hard to beat Wahl , been using them for many years , would highly recommend .
 The Wahl Custom Shave System Shaver is the best electric shaver I have ever used . It gives a better shave than shavers that cost three times as much . You ca n't beat the price .
 Works great , shaves closer than my Remington and the replacement screens and cutter are better priced by far . Used over a month now and so far very satisfied .
 Its OK but it does put the beard on me once in awhile . But I only save every other day because of such sensitive skin on my neck . This does do the job very well and I do depend on it and like it .
 This shaver shaves closer than any shaver I have ever used . I also have a Wahl hair cutting kit that works equally well . Both are made in the USA . The price for both were very reasonable . I think that the rest of the makers of shavers -LRB- all foreign -RRB- will have a hard time beating Wahl for price , performance , and even for customer service that I see other reviewers have mentioned .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I 've used this one in the past , and just ordered more . It 's got a fairly good taste and is very palatable , mixes OK . But best of all , I got really good results with it . Just remember to use a loading dose for five days , then change to the maintenance dose , and cycle off during the very hottest months of the summer . Drink plenty of water while taking creatine .
 I purchased this product for my husband who was suffering with foot pain . He feels the product is well worth the money and has given him relief in his foot discomfort . He would recommend this product to prospective purchasers .
 I was very picky when it came to a foot massage . I knew I wanted a heater and I read every review on here on every model available before choosing this model . I think this model is pretty good for at home use . Of course I would rather have someone also massaging my feet , for it to be deeper so it covered more , and possibly a wider base ... but hey , this is a home unit and it is pretty darn good . The heating function is wonderful , getting the water nice and hot . I wish there were air jets under my foot - they are at the top of the unit shooting at my toes . I curl my toes this way and that and it pushes the bubbles around my feet . I think I am going to try putting my sea salts in a cheesecloth and see if it works . Otherwise , you ca n't add sea salts to the unit ... which is a bummer.Overall , this a good unit for at home use .
 I bought it for my wife for Christmas and she loves it ! It was a fair price , god shipping time and works magnificently .
 I received the foot bath today , and tried it out immediately . The heating element actually keeps the water warm!I was concerned because the photos do n't show the inside of the bath , and I really hate massaging nodes - on my last foot bath I had to hold my feet up all the time to avoid their nasty little spikes . So I was very happy to see this has removable massaging rollers , and very comfortable little bumps on the bottom of the bath.The size is also terrific . My son has really big feet , and not only was it long enough and wide enough for his size 16 EEEEE feet , but it is deep enough to accommodate his equally outsize arches .
 this is the first foot bath i have used where the heater actually works . nice jets and massage . very relaxing . i would definitely recommend this product .
 I gave as a gift ; recipeint uses it often and absolutely loves it ! Problem
 I have been using the Foot Bath now for a week & I love it . I have diabetes & my feet are sensitive . The Foot bath helps in revitalizing my feet.I do wish it had a temperature control . It heats really quick when using warm water .
 I use under the desk while I am working . Very relaxing and why go to a SPA when you have this under your desk ?
 I bought this for my wife as a Christmas present . We have both used it at least 2 times a week ever since . It is terrific !!! It gets nice and hot every time and have not had ANY problems with it . It truly is relaxing and is a great gift for anyone . Highly recommended !!!
 The only foot bath out there that actually heats the water and keeps it hot ! Nice large capacity also , the others we have tried were not big enough for my husband 's feet , and he has a normal man sized foot . The jets are nothing special , but I imagine you would have to have a much larger and noisier motor to have jets that generated enough pressure to actually massage your foot . We also like the handles that enable you to handle it to empty it when you are done , one the others over look that make them very cumbersome to deal with once you add water.We added water to the fill line before putting our feet in and found it overflowed once we turned iton , so be sure to have your feet inside before adding to the fill line . I also wish there was a way to turn the jets off and just use the heat , you can turn the heat off but you ca n't run it without the jets on.We have been using it consistently for two months now and it is still working fine.Overall we are happy with our purchase !
 I have been trying to buy the best spa since November . The first one got cold while I was getting comfortable . That one was returned fast . The next one I ordered had good reviews and after two months , they notified me that it was no longer available and cancelled the order . When I read some of the reviews , I was disappointed that they said not to use bath salts in this foot bath . That is no problem ! The water jets are great and the water stays warm even after you have turned the heat off - what a wonderful way to relax - the jets are strong and you can remove the rollers if you wish . I like that the pumice stone can be used on my heals and then removed to use by hand on problem places . It is well worth the price - I give it five stars - it deserves it !
 Brookstone Foot bath has to be the best I have ever use . It makes my feet feel so relax and helps with the swelling of the ankles . I love the jets two speed and the heat.I would most certainly say buy this one if you are looking for one.Jane Anne King
 This foot bath is amazing . The jets are powerful and the water actually will heat up to -LRB- I forget the exact temperature -RRB- 120 . I felt the water start to cool down little bit but then the heat kicked in and it was glorious . I just got it yesterday , so I 'm hoping the life of it lasts or else I will need to re-review . So far so good . I 'm not listening the directions though ... I AM using foot salts . That 's basically the whole reason I bought a foot bath . The rollers do nothing for my gigantic feet because there 's no room to roll around , but the water is super deep and there 's even a fill line for those of us -LRB- like me -RRB- that do n't know how high it can be filled . I think I 'm in love .
 My husband has neuropthy due to diabetes and has terrible foot pain . He takes meds but ends up in a hot bath to make his feet feel better . This foot bath has ajustable jets and the heat ... the heat is great . He loves it .
 this is not a review of the product , but a short blurb about my experience with ordering this item from Brookstone , via amazon . My receipt is labled brookstone and the communications were with brookstone , through amazon . I rated the item four stars so as to not terribly skew the ratings.I tried to return an unused footbath . I purchased this item from Brookstone , through amazon.com . The package arrived as scheduled , shipped from Brookstone with a Brookstone receipt and no amazon receipt . My wife decided she did not need the item and requested I return it . I went through the amazon site which linked me to Brookstone customer service.I sent an email to Brookstone from the amazon website , inquiring about the return policy , this is what I received : `` We want you to be satisfied with every item you purchase from us . If a product purchased at Brookstone does not meet your expectations , you may return it with a receipt either to a Store or to our Returns Processing Center within 60 days of purchase -LRB- some exceptions apply -RRB- . All returns must be new , unused , and contain all original packaging and accessories . Returns made within 30 days of purchase with the original purchase receipt are eligible for exchange or refund . . `` So to me that meant I could take the unused Foot Bath in it 's original container , to any brookstone , with my receipt to get a full refund . Let me just add that the item was shipped to me from Brookstone and not amazon and had a receipt labeled `` Brookstone '' with the return policy written on the back . The return policy was as stated above as well.So what happened was a flat out denial by the store manager to accept the return . I had to argue with her for several minutes about getting a refund . She said since i purchased it from Amazon , although through the Brookstone store , she said I could n't exchange it . I even told her about the email i received saying that I could . I ended up having to call customer service while I was in the store . I was told that yes , indeed , I could return the item to any store . HOWEVER , if i returned it to the store , i could only get a store gift card and that I could only get my money back if I mailed it to them.So talk about `` misstatements '' ... This was totally in contradiction to their return policy . Oh and by the way , while we were there , another customer was trying to return their foot bath .
 I 'm a nurse , and so , I 'm on my feet A LOT ! This is a great way to unwind after a long day -LRB- 12-hr shifts -RRB- . Rotating massagers in the bottom are wonderful .
 This puppy just plain works , and is worth the price . The heat gets to be just a tad too hot if you leave it on -- meaning you have real temperature control for once ! We have n't had ours long , but out of the box it worked as promised . It 's also much quieter than we expected , even with the jets on full blast . Try the Earth Therapuetics Tea Tree Oil foot soak -LRB- salts -RRB- and Foot Balm ; they worked impressively well on my poor wife 's feet -- and my hands !
 It actually worked as advertised . I use it several days a week for 30 or more minutes per session . If you leave water in it at room temperature , it will within 5-7 minutes be comfortable enough to put your feet into , and within another 5-7 be wonderfully hot . It 's noise level is reasonably low even at it 's highest settings . I actually called into Brookstone and spent the extra $ 20.00 to extend the warranty replacement out beyond the manufacturers -LRB- 1yr +2 more -RRB- because I ca n't see how I lived this long without the device . It 's basically a hot-tub for your feet .
 this is a great foot bath !! if you put luke warm water in it will heat it up very hot !! the jets are perfect . i felt very relaxed while using and when i was done i was ready to run for days !!
 -LRB- Well I do n't have it yet so those 5 Stars do n't mean anything . -RRB- ... I took a look at Brookstone.com re their warranty.I did n't see much but I do trust the reviewers who wrote that repairs sucked.However I did spot Brookstone 's all-in-all-done $ 20 , 2 year , hopefully no hassle , Replacement Plan.Though rarely would I buy such a plan it seemed worth it in this case . I could n't find a better rated foot spa to take a chance on so this seemed to be the best idea to cover the possibility that I get one of those One Star Lemons.I came back to Amazon to order it but I could not find the Replacement Plan as an option so I headed back to Brookstone to order it.That 's it ... just thought I 'd mention the replacement plan to you and to Amazon cuz I know that Amazon reads every word I write , right ! geo
 ProsAs advertised - the jets actually have power and the water warms up quickly and quite warm.It 's sturdy , so you do n't feel like you 'll break itEasy to cleanConsRollers do n't really do anything for you
 Wife says it is AWESOME . Well made not cheap . Is very quiet for its size and for the amount of circulation you get .
 perfect for dipping after a long day at work and has helped loosen up the severe calluses I was accumulating on my feet from long days wearing workboots .
 This foot bath by Brookstone is simply wonderful overall . However , because the summer has been so hot , I have not felt like using it much . That is okay with me because I do not stand on my feet all day during this time . Once I am back teaching , I am positive that it will be used often . The heating element works well ; in fact , I have to turn it down or off when it gets a little too warm . I would rather have that problem than the reverse , though . The jets are nice for the toes and balls of the feet , but be sure to rotate them downward or else you may spray out onto the floor . The foot bath is almost too large for me and will fit even a men 's size 13 , I believe , so it is cumbersome to carry back to the shower for draining purposes . The `` massaging '' rollers on the bottom are okay but they do n't really do much for my category of aches . I will try and report back in a few months regarding how long the heater retains its function .
 I ordered this for my sister who has COPD . When I received it and read the instructions it cautioned against using the where oxygen was being dispensed.While I am sure this is a great product , everyone should be aware that it is not suitable for use around oxygen dispensing equipment .
 I purchased it as a gift , and I 've been thanked a few times already ! Works very well and is a big size to handle size 13 's ! If there would be a down side , it would be that it is heavy to lift to empty . The positives way out-weigh this one item .
 I had purchased a less expensive Hometics unit from Wal Mart that supposedly had heat & massage functions and was extremely disappointed . Hot water became room temp in minutes , the massage strength was very weak and the unit was not very deep and water would splash out . I returned that unit and bought this one after reading the reviews and am very pleased . The unit has plenty of room for my size 10 feet , the massage feature works fairly well , the remote control is a nice feature , and it has a long cord to make placement within the room convenient . As for the heat , wow , I have to turn it off after a few minutes as it actually gets too hot ! I 've had no problems with the drain plug as mentioned by other reviewers , and I 've also drained the unit by simply removing the splash cover and tilting the unit . My wife and kids have used it and really like it as well . My only complaint is that you 're not supposed to add bath salts , oils , etc as they may clog the jets . Overall a very good product . Cheaper models simply do n't do the job .
 I NEEDED SOMETHING TO SOOTHE MY PLANTAR FASCIITIS . I WANTED THE WATER TO STAY HOT AND PERHAPS MASSAGE THE TENDONS & LIGAMENTS BETWEEN THE BALL AND THE HEEL OF MY FOOT . THE WATER STAYS HOT AND THE JETS ARE SOOTHING BUT THE ROLLERS -LRB- MASSAGE NODES -RRB- SIT TOO LOW . I WOULD NEED ESPECIALLY FLAT FEET TO BENEFIT FROM THE ROLLERS . IF THE ROLLERS WERE HIGHER I WOULD RATE THE UNIT AS 5 STARS . I THINK MOST PEOPLE WILL BE PLEASED WITH THIS UNIT .
 So happy with this foot bath . It is performs wonderfully . It heats the water , it 's quiet , the water jets feels so good . It 's worth the price and I would purchase this again . Highly recommend !
 The first day I received the product if filled it with cold tap water turned on the jet system and then the heat . It only took about 5 min until the the water temp was perfect . The heater turns itself off every thirty minutes which works well if you forget . You will find yourself turning the heater on and off as time goes by to keep the temperature exactly where you want it ... it can get almost too hot for comfort if left alone ... but you feel like you are in-charge . Good product that lets you get water all over you foot without having water splashing all over the place .
 I received this foot spa as an anniversary gift from my hubby , and I love it ! Straight out of the box , I had hot water within 5 minutes , and plenty of bubbles to sooth my soles . :-RRB- Was also pleased with how quiet this unit is , allowing me to watch a movie without even increasing the volume.PROS : - Not only keeps water hot , but will actually heat it to a comfortable temp and maintain it for as long as you want ! - 2 Powerful jets -- yes , they really are powerful ! -- positioned in front of tub , sending bubbles over your toes ; jets are adjustable in both direction and intensity - Quiet operation -LRB- could compare to someone using a hair dryer behind a closed door in the next room , or the neighbor mowing their lawn while your windows are shut . -RRB- - Large capacity allows for water to cover ankles ; also allows for some movement of feet and/or accomodates larger feet - Can be used with or without heat feature - Handy remote control operation -LRB- they even include the batteries ! -RRB- ; remote stores in top of unit - Large splash guard works well to prevent spray and spills - Easy to set up and operate - Nice pumice stone included to smooth away calluses , which can be used in unit or removed to use by hand - Sturdy construction , lightweight , easy to move , easy cord storageCONS : - Could have used another 2 jets at the rear of the unit - Slightly bulkier than other spas -LRB- I do n't mind this at all , but some might -RRB- - Rollers on bottom of spa do nothing . They are hardly big enough for even my flat feet to feel , and to use them you have to rub your feet back and forth ... Kinda hard to do they 're confined in a tub . - Does not include any additional features or powered accessoriesOverall , I am extremely pleased with this foot spa . If you 're frustrated with cheaper models that only leave you with cold water , wimpy jets , and jet-engine noise , I highly recommend spending a little extra for this product . I will certainly be enjoying mine for a long time !
 This product is great , exactly what we were looking for . The size is plenty big enough for my husbands size 13 feet . I love that this product heats the water . My one wish is that there was an automatic shutoff once the water gets to a certain temperature . My husband has little sensation in his feet and does not realize when it gets too hot . Otherwise this is perfect for our needs .
 I bought thid product because it was the only one that said the heat on it . It does get very hot which is nice and the jets are also very nice . nothing bad to say about it yet , we have n't tried to use salts or oils yet but are not worried about it . The cord is nice and long and the heater will heat up the water surprisingly fast .
 Have been looking for a real nice foot massager and did a lot of research in trying to find one . Came across this unit and It had a lot of good reviews and also some bad ones that made me a little gun shy on buying this machine . I took a chance and ordered it and I am so glad I bought one . The two jets on this thing are so nice on my aching feet after a long shift at work . The main reason I purchased the unit was because of the water heater . It really does WORK ! If your looking for the best then order this unit . It is a little more expensive but trust me , It is worth every penny .
 After much researching , got this for my daughter for Christmas . She is a server and wanted this because her feet were hurting after her shifts . She loves it ! Says it works great and the only problem is all of her friends want to come over and use it too . Very happy with my choice as I had read a lot of bad reviews for some of the other spas . This was one of the most expensive foot baths , but it seems it was well worth the money .
 Dimension of the product is big compared to the others brands , so it 's kind of difficult to find place to store or carry when it 's full of water.Heat works very good ! And jets are strong but it 's only on the front part of the feetMy husband and I love this product . I just do n't give 5 stars because of the dimension and weight of the product .
 however Brookstone it terrible 2 emails never answered . the bath was a gift and I was unable to get brookstone to send me a traking number or to even answer my emails
 This is my first foot spa and I must say i am impressed the water stays a great temp . for as long as you need it the rollers on the bottom fell great for tired worn out feet . I would definitely recommend this product !
 Easy to use and keep clean , I use this foot bath every other day to help with arthritic symptoms . The only drawback is not being able to use any products in the bath water . The recommendation is that most products clog the jets . However , I am glad I made the purchase , since it seems well designed . I have owned it for a month .
 The very first time I used this foot spa , I was really pleased . I was looking for one that would provide adequate heat and one that would retain the heat for as long as needed . This spa , unlike the previous one I had , did as advertised . I found the heat just as I wanted . In fact , I had to turn the heat off , temporarily , as it became too warm but I would rather have to turn the heat off than not to have it heat up well enough or retain the heat . So far , I am very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a quality foot spa that is n't too expensive .
 so far so good , i love this footbath just because it actually keeps water `` Hot '' just like it says , it actually can get too hot if you leave the heat button on . Could n't be happier especially after buying several footbaths and had to return all of them because the heat did n't work !!!!!
 I have neuropathy in my feet so they constantly feel cold . There are only two negative things I can say about this item . One is that it 's heavy when FULL -LRB- because the water level is deep , a plus -RRB- so I have my son carry it to the sink to drain . The other is that it recommends you not use oils or salts in the water or the jets could get clogged . I do , however , use non-foaming salts and rinse well when I drain it . So far , no problem.It warms nicely and then maintains a very warm temp for 30 minutes . If you want more , simply hit the heat button again . I 've seen several people comment about the drain plug breaking off and I can see how that might happen if it 's forced too tight . There is a rubber gasket so it does n't take that much force to tighten it ... easy does it .
 My husband got this for me for my birthday . I have used it once and have really liked it . I am pregnant and frequently get sore feet . When I used it for the first time , my feet felt good after a long time . The water gets very warm and toasty which I love . It was a bit too much for my husband . But it easy to just turn the heat off . I love the little remote too . But you have to hold it close to the unit for it to work.The only con is that you can not use any bath oils etc in this and hence I give it 4 stars.I would definitely recommend it !!
 I bought this heated footbath for my man who suffers from pain in his feet and legs due to nerve damage . He loves it and I enjoy using it too . It gets really hot , which is very therapeutic . It is made well , very sturdy . The jets work great , and the pumice is nice for sloughing off dead skin . I had been searching a while for a quality HEATED foot spa , and I highly recommend this one .
 I bought this heated foot bath after I broke my ankle to help promote circulation . I 've had others that were not heated and they were a disappointment . This one is fantastic . It keeps the water heated to a toasty temperature and does n't cool down . I also like the powerful water jets and the remote control . I highly recommend this product .
 this brookstone foot bath will do all it is addvertised to do the cost at $ 107,00 tax and ship is not bad , for it will heat the water and make your feet feel great you most time get what you pay for and this is one of the times you do
 i have np with it it heats up fast 15min nice and HOT plus the Jets Are Great 1st day i got i used it 3 times no salts who cares peeps its a Wirlpool as the saying go ` s you get what you Pay for in the case its True 2 Thumbs up : -RRB-
 Fantastic . Quiet and powerful . The heater will warm up cool water , but the best bet is to start with warm water and use it to maintain the temperature . The remote is fun when our cat seems overly interested in the foot bath ... : -RRB-
 In a world full of posers , It 's nice to find a product that does what you expect it to do . If you purchase a fire extingisher , you should pick it up , pull a pin , aim it at the base of the fire and let ` er rip . There is no place for , `` Well , the other model actually does a better job at extinguishing the fire because it uses a real fire retardant ! '' When you want a foot bath , you want powerful , adjustable water jets , massaging pads , sturdy design and a real water heater that actually heats the water.Sure , you can pay less for a unit that looks like a foot bath , but when you want to put out that fire , go for the real thing , not some toy !
 1/I 'm looking for the deepest foot tub . Are there depth measurements for the top two
 I do n't know how good this is . I 'd like to give useful complaints about it , but my mom has n't given me any . I guess that means it works .
 I have had a job for the last nineteen years that requires me to stand on my feet for the majority of my workday . Recently , I noticed that at the end of my shift my feet HURT more than usual . They began to throb . Two weeks ago I decided to purchase a whirlpool foot spa similar to the one at the salon where I get my pedicures . I wanted to pamper and rejuvenate my arhing feet at home at my own convenience without the added cost of going to the nail shop . My criterion
 My wife wanted a foot spa and I began my search via the web and noticed that most people were n't pleased with their foot spas they complained of loud noises , jets -LRB- i.e. bubbles -RRB- were not powerful , or just plain cheap.I decided to give Sharper Image or Brookstone a try . Sharper Image claimed that their spa kept the water warm but were out of stock -LRB- a good sign -RRB- but I wanted one immediately and gave Brookstone a try . My wife loved it ! She frequents the nail salons for pedicures and stated that this machine was just like the ones at the salon in regards to features and comfort . She was VERY thankful . I have also experienced the jets and the water temperature and it works as advertised . You wo n't be dissatisfied . There are cheaper ones but IMHO this is worth the money . Enjoy .
 after carefull review of several brands and types of these I bought this on based on the reviews . dead - on ! I 'm glad I spent a little more because I feel like it is a good quality product.I just got it last night and I cant wait to get home and use it again tonight . I have a typeII ankle sprain and a high ankle sprain and have been wearing foot braces for months and this is just what I needed.Its not deep enough to cover my entire ankle , but for a guy with size 12 feet it is plenty big enough.this thing is huge ! water temp got very warm and the jets worked great .
 First , this is a big and cumbersome ... . but second , this is the best foot spa . Got it for the wife and had to try it myself . I am a wuss when it comes to super hot temps and I had to ease into the heat , it stayed hot the entire time . The jets were nice and the wireless remote is priceless -LRB- just make sure its in your hand when you sit down so you do n't have to move an inch :-RRB- -RRB- . The rollers on the bottom are nice too . It gets loud when on high-jets mode , but nothing to grand . Fast shipper , would recommend .
 Like many others , I chose this product based on all the positive reviews about it . Not only were there more reviews for this product than for most of the other units , all of them were positive . Having bought and used it now , I have to agree . I am adding my recommendation to the others . It is a great product . Though it is a bit pricey compared to the many , many other models to choose from , I do n't regret spending the money for it . It is everything I expected . It heats the water from room temperature , and maintains the temperature comfortably . The water jets are powerful , and the unit is relatively quiet . I have nothing but praise for this product .
 I am a professional Pedicurist/Esthetician ... I purchased this footbath because I lost my `` Pedithrone '' in a Salon fire in March ... this footbath had been a wonderful replacement !
 I found the product performed as promised . I personally would have liked it to be a bit deeper , since I wanted my ankles to be massaged . But as a foot massager , it was perfect ! The different speeds of massage were nice and it did keep the water warm . I also liked the remote control .
 I am also disappointed that the instructions say no salts . I told my wife to give it a year before we try to put salts in it . At least let her get some use out of it before we put it to the test . Other than that she has had no complaints and the salt thing does n't bother her a bit . The product works as advertised ; very well . I will write back in year and let you know about the salt experiment.One warning
 Received the foot spa and we were able to immediately start using it . The remote control is great so you can keep relaxing and not bend over to change things . The jets are nice and strong . The best part is the heated water temp . It never cools off , in fact you might have to turn the heat off and maybe back on if you stay in it long . I love this feature . Very happy with this purchase .
 The spa works as advertised and does relax my feet when I use it . The heater works very well . I have size 11 feet and the spa is a little cramp for me . I have about 2 inches of forward and backwards movement so I ca n't really use the rollers to massage the bottom of my feet . The manual also does not recommend using baths salts because they may clog the jets .
 I got this item as a gift for Christmas from my son and I love it . It does everything it says it will . I would highly recomend this product .
 Love that the water truly heats -LRB- and reheats if you decide to turn off the heat for a while -RRB- . Could use a handle that allows you to carry it when it is full - -LRB- like a bucket handle for carrying to empty -RRB- , but overall best foot spa that I have used . I would buy it again !
 Have used foot bath for 2 weeks . My feet love it ! Although water should be fairly warm when you put it in - the heater does keep it warm . Not so good on heating it up if you only put in lukewarm water . Pumice stone and rollers were Not in the box when received - but the company sent them right out . Water will splash a little bit if water level too full OR you put your feet in the way of the pulsing water . Good for big feet too - my son wears size 13 and he loves it too !
 Great item . Played tennis all summer 50 lbs . over my old tournament weight of 40 years ago , and my feet paid for it by being so sore I was practically crippled , and they were n't getting better after a couple months of rest . A week of this footbath and my feet were back to almost normal . Very well made with great water jets and good heater .
 Bought for my wife . . Good jet power for this type of product and price . My wife 's feet feel better already and I am using it now . My ONLY complaint is that it takes a long time for the water to heat up , so we add hot water and keep the heater on . Problem solved . Yes , I recommend this product !
 I just loved using this product ! Feels great ! I even accidently used cold water once and it was warmed up to hot making me feet red in about 20 mins !! LOL I will say I thought there was a problem with my package bc I could n't find the rollers , but then found them ! Before finding them the people at brookstone were great and even after finding them -LRB- and my new package was being shipped almost at my apt -RRB- they were great and very helpful ! Would recommend this to everyone !
 The product works very well . Some of the design functionality could improve . The cord wraps on the bottom so you have to lift and turn over before and after use to unwrap and rewrap the cord . It easily fills with pitchers of water -LRB- to avoid filling and carrying to where you wish to sit -RRB- but to drain the water you either have to lift it -LRB- and it is n't light when filled -RRB- or put on pedestal to allow to drain into a basin so you do n't have to lift to empty out . Other than that it is fine .
 I have tried/purchased more that one foot bath spa over the last 2 years looking for relief for my tired and sore feet . I hike a lot during the summer . The is undoubtedly the bast foot bath spa I have ever tried . It actually works as advertised ! It heats the water to a comfortable temperature , even if it has cooled down to room temperature ! The others simply do n't measure up ! They DO NOT heat the water and even though they advertise that hot water will stay warm , it does not.The fact that the Brookstone accomodates my size 13 's and has a reasonable depth of the water is an added bonus too !
 I had a much cheaper foot-bath prior to buying this one which worked well , I justdid n't like the water cooling down -LRB- it did not heat the water -RRB- . This is whyI bought this product . This foot-bath keeps the water heated ! The only consI have with it is -LRB- 1 -RRB- it is very large/bulky than what is necessary and -LRB- 2 -RRB- not being able to add foot salts/sea salt to the water.Otherwise , good product !
 This is by far the best foot spa for the money . Heats the water great and keeps it hot . All the other spas I tried the water gets cold right away . Foot jets are great and is very quiet compared to the cheaper spas . Def Recommend
 this is the BEST foot bath ever !!!! the heat works in seconds . you could have cold water and it would make it hot in about 2 minutes ! and the jets feel very nice and it moves the water so well . it feels like a spa !! defiantly but this !!!
 I bought this item as a present for my pregnant daughter . She is a salesperson and has to stand up a lot during the day . She just loves it - especially the heating posibility.Aase from Denmark
 The only foot bath out there that actually heats the water and keeps it hot ! Nice large capacity also , the others we have tried were not big enough for my husband 's feet , and he has a normal man sized foot . The jets are nothing special , but I imagine you would have to have a much larger and noisier motor to have jets that generated enough pressure to actually massage your foot . We also like the handles that enable you to handle it to empty it when you are done , one the others over look that make them very cumbersome to deal with once you add water.We added water to the fill line before putting our feet in and found it overflowed once we turned iton , so be sure to have your feet inside before adding to the fill line . I also wish there was a way to turn the jets off and just use the heat , you can turn the heat off but you ca n't run it without the jets on.We have been using it consistently for two months now and it is still working fine.Overall we are happy with our purchase !
 I tried last night . It is just what I have expected , perfect for me . I also love the 3 accessaries . My 7 years old son have decided to share it with me .
 On the plus side
 love it . works great . the head function is my favor . if it can hold more water , that will be perfect .
 I purchased this for my wife who is pregnant and works on her feet all day , and she loves it ! She has had it for over a week now and used it almost every night . The water jets are powerful enough to relax her feet , but can be pointed away if they cause discomfort . The water heats up fast as well . Our only criticism is that you can not set a temperature , you have to turn on and off the heat to maintain a comfortable temperature if you to not like the heat at the set high temperature . Overall this is a great product !
 good product , works well . long cord and heats the water effectively ... sometimes almost too good . only change I would make would be to have an adjustable heat setting for the water -LRB- not just a heat on/off switch -RRB- , other than that , a good buy
 I 've had two other cheaper brands of these and they never seem to hold the heat . This one is amazing ! I love the heat and it works so well , you have to turn it off for as bit or it gets too hot ! That 's a nice switch . This is far better then the ones who get cold in 20 or 30 min . It 's a bit heavier , but also has more room for larger feet ... if you need that . Even if you do n't need it , the extra room is nice and the height of the water if good too ! I use it all the time now and the first day I put some sea salt in the water and noticed some detox effects the next day . I 'm thrilled with this unit and I feel it 's worth the extra money ... since it has no hastle and I actually use it . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxing , warm , serious foot bath .
 Received the foot bath as a gift and have already tried it out . It keeps the water nice and warm and is so soothing . The jets are very effective and the flow through them is nice and strong . This foot bath is the next best thing to an actual pedicure . Absolutely love it !
 I got this for my wife for Christmas . It is simple to use , just plug and play , and has simple controls . I am impressed with the heater , it heated room temp water to 100F in a few minutes and gets quite hot . The only downside I have is that the pumps seem loud and I wish it could still heat on an extra low pump setting just for soaking feet . Otherwise I am very happy with my purchase !
 It gets hot , maybe too hot for some people . I turn the heat on and off as needed . I also like the knob for bubble control . It seems to be built quite well .
 The best part is that it is very quiet , can have TV volume at reasonable level.The heating element is very good .
 Great product . Would recommend it to others . I like all the features . Easy to use and performs just as promised .
 I have a rare disorder , Acute Intermittent Porphyria , which causes extreme neurogenic pain . It also caused peripheral neuropathy in my feet which adds pain to the point where walking is difficult . I 've tried several foot bath/massagers by different manufacturers that seem to collect dust and then sold , for a loss , at a yard sale as they do not work so good . This Brookstone item is different in the way it maintains water temperature , and the power of its water jets which are directed at the toes . I use it twice a day and it is , by far , the best unit I have ever tried . Pain reduction is significant and lasts several hours . A downside is the foot rollers . Instructions advise to move feet forward and back over them but there is little room to do so . A minor flaw . This unit will never make a yard sale . I 'm happy !
 It is a very good foot bath . The water can be heated in a short time but wo n't be very hot.And it is very easy to use . The only deficiency is the sound is a little bit loud .
 Purchased this item as a Christmas gift for my wife . She has already used it a few times and loves it ! If it eases up her sore feet any , it was well worth the purchase .
 I read alot of reviews before purchasing . I was a little concerned about some of the reviews I read.I bought for my wife for Christmas , and she absolutley loves it .
 I use it every evening since I bought it . The heat function can maintain the water in the warm but not too hot . I love it . I sleep better after I use it .
 Got this for my wife for Christmas . She was so happy with it . The heat works well , the jets are great . We are both very satisfied , and I would recommend this product to others with confidence .
 Great present for anyone , my girlfriend loves it , and I am ordering second one for my mom . Highly recommend it .
 Other than getting a defective unit , I do n't understand why anyone would rate this less than 5 stars . The heater works fast even if the water is room temperature ; the jets are as powerful as the unit can contain and it is easy to fill and drain -LRB- I just remove the splash guard and dump it into the bathtub . -RRB- I spent the extra money in hopes of getting a quality unit that will last a long time . I showed the Amazon listing to a coworker , and she says she has had the same unit -LRB- different branding , but identical -RRB- for more than ten years and uses it frequently . I lamented the inability to add stuff to the bath -LRB- after having done so -RRB- and she said she has added stuff from day one . The trick is to keep the spa clean - do n't let it sit with dirty water or salts . Rinse it right away or just add small amounts of oils instead of salts . I am very happy with every aspect of this purchase and definitely recommend this unit to anyone interested in a foot spa . I love it ...
 I have tried several differnt water massagers lately . This is by far the best . Keeps the water heated very nicely and fast too . The aqua jets are great , could be a little harder for my personal taste . I have lots of knots on the bottom of my feet and the massager is working very well at getting them out . My feet feel so much better since I started using it .
 I gave this as a holiday gift and it works great.PROS : Relatively quite operationHeats water quickly to desired temperature , not too hot!Powerful jets really provide soothing relief for tired feet.Well designed to prevent splashes and spillsCONS : You can not add oils or salts as this voids the warranty.Inter-dimensional Portal setting opens a rift between dimensions and causes beings from another world to grasp at ones feet -LRB- this may be an advanced massage technique -RRB- . So overall I find t to be a great product at a great price , but as you can see in the photo , the misshapen hands from another dimension pawing greedily at your shins can be very distracting .
 While a bit pricier than many of the other models , I took heart in the strong consumer reviews from fellow buyers . And I have not been disappointed . The Aqua-Jet Foot Massage Spa unit is well built and solid , with a nice wide base and sturdy construction . The high and low jet settings and variable bubble action , coupled with the heat selection , allow for a variety of customization options to achieve the right level of action for individual users.My only complaint is that although well built , I 've yet to find a unit that accomodates large feet ! My wife has size 9 feet and I have size 11 feet . While the unit is large enough to massage our feet if we keep still , we ca n't really use the massage rollers on the base of the unit without smacking our toes or heels at the front and back . Ah well -- a minor quibble , since the rest of the experience is top notch and it 's proven a great overall value .
 ok , i 'm sure you do n't want to read about toenail fungus but ... that 's the main reason i bought this machine . i have two nails that are discolored , my doctor told me i likely got it at the gym -LRB- damn ... that 's what i get for working out ! -RRB- . she said to never ever go into the sauna or shower areas without flip flops . okay -- now i never do , but problem is , i did before . picked up something that discolored two of my toenails . i guess i 'm vain . because i definitely did not like the way those nails looked.anyway i tried many nail clearing remedies and solutions , but it is very very hard to get penetration under the nail bed because nails are so thick . i even took pills , for at least a year as prescribed , but they did not work.i decided to try some natural-ish remedies . a friend told me soak my feet in water and hydrogen peroxide , i read on the web to do the same in water and vinegar . so i decided to try both of those and searched out the best foot rub / massage / soaker to do it in.i looked here on amazon and bed bath beyond . there were a few dozen choices . almost every single model was in the $ 35 range or so and by conair -LRB- i like their hair dryers -RRB- or homedics -LRB- i 've never been blown away by them -RRB- , or some middle level consumer brand . a few of the choices had seemingly absurd features like aqua lights which were like disco lights . -LRB- tho i do like disco ... mind you ! -RRB- . but that machine ie said , the pulsating lights would be soothing . no -- i 'm sure they would just be ridiculous . probably send you into a seizure.what i did want was something that heated the water because if i was doing this for therapy to my nails , i knew the heat would help with penetration . -LRB- btw i know the instructions say to not use oil or soaps in the water ... i have used vinegar and hydrogen peroxide , because those are antiseptics and probably clean the machine too haha ! plus they do not leave residue like soaps so i took my chance putting them in the machine ... . so far ... no problems ! -RRB- i also wanted very very strong jets , since i knew that would be good for treatment and to just be plain soothing too . i was initially taken aback by the price of this brookstone unit -- at 3x or so more than anything else . i 've had decent but not head-over-heels experiences with brookstone products . but i did feel based on my experiences they had a good reputation and stood behind their stuff . -LRB- i see some reviews here would definitely challenge that ! -RRB- . anyways i bought it at brookstone directly , since there was one close enough and at the time when i looked online , shipping was quite a bit more since this is a bulky item . what i can say after having it several months now is , it is a powerful , high quality machine . it feels spa quality , and not gimmicky and lightweight like some of the other models i saw.some notes others have mentioned ... - yes it 's kind of big . i still do n't know where to store it when it 's not in use ! - yes it 's kind of heavy when there 's water in it . but again , if you want a full spa experience , i think you want a well that 's big and deep enough to comfortably cover your feet and soak em . it 's better that this has more room ... than less . right ?! - there 's a splash guard , but when water is spraying and bubbling all over the place , things are bound to get wet . i always put the machine down on a towel , and even tho the splash guard is in place , the towel is always damp afterwards . so just be careful of your flooring ! - in my experience , the heater has worked very very well . it 's hot and quick . like some people i know.what i will tell you is , after using this about two months weeks , about 3x a week ... my feet were definitely softer -- that happened quite quickly . my problem nails definitely took on a better hue and condition -- that happened more slowly , and i know i must do the upkeep for months / years to come , it really does take that long to battle nail infections !!! ;--LRB- but i really think this foot spa has helped . powerful . hot . strong . and actually it 's comfy to soak your feet , tho it is time consuming !!! i took the plunge and spent $ 100 + buying this . but i definitely think it was worth it . it 's a little dumb if brookstone does n't have replacement parts , like some reviews have said . for example there 's a pumice stone this comes with -- and it has definitely worn away . are you telling me i ca n't order a new one ?! ... -LRB- pumice stones are cheap ... i guess i 'm off to the drug store when the one of the machine wears out ! but i would n't mind a replacement one on the machine ! -RRB- . but anyways i would definitely splurge , and buy this again if i was looking . expensive yes . but my experience has been a good one , and definitely worth it .
 I had been looking to buy a good foot spa for sometime now but was very skeptical about spending a ` lot ' of money . After reading the reviews on this one , I decided to go ahead and get this.I have had it for 2 weeks now and have used it ever single day !! It is everything < and more > , what I had envisoned it would be . Heats the water up very well and gives your foot the much needed pampering after a long tiring day!I highly recommend this product !!!
 This is the third one of these I 've owned . It 's the first one that met all advertised claims , and more . I am of the opinion that stores like Brookstone often charge exorbitant prices for products that can be found at other stores for half the price . I am happy to admit I was wrong on this one .
 This product is more expensive than the others but has one big advantage . The heater will actually heat the water for you and keep the water hot . Of course , filling with hot water initially is faster but you will not have to worry about the water getting cold . Materials are high quality .
 I have peripheral neuropathy , which is a painful nerve condition in my feet . I was looking for something to stimulate circulation and warm my feet.This unit does that . The twin jets are pretty powerful and the heat feature allows me to extend my massage time significantly over units without the heat feature.However , the unit is slow to heat room temp water and at 1200 watts , it consumes a lot of electricity to get it to spa temperature . I recommend adding lukewarm water to start and use the heating element to keep the water as hot as you like.The `` massagers '' are just rollers on the base of the unit , that do very little , especially with people with large feet like me -LRB- size 13 -RRB- . You have to roll your feet over the rollers and there is hardly any room for me to do that.And Brookstone does NOT include a battery for the remote . Of course it is a button-type so you have to make a trip to Radio Shack to buy it , instead of raiding your home battery supply drawer.I use the unit in my whirlpool tub -LRB- I used to do a whole body whirlpool , but sometimes just wanted my feet massaged -RRB- . I run the water till lukewarm , put the unit in the tub and fill it . Then I sit on the side with my feet in the unit . It makes it easy to drain as well , being in the whirlpool.Overall , it is a keeper for me .
 This foot bath HEATS the water , as well as maintains the temperature ! The heat light goes off when the water reaches 115 degrees , and comes back on when the temperature drops . Having suffered for months with a Conair foot bath that always got cold , to feel the water get warmer is a true delight!The jets push the warm water over your toes , and your feet feel WONDERFUL after you use it ! The rollers are not too high profile , so they are enjoyable to roll your feet over . The nubs on the bottom of the foot bath are great for massaging the soles of your feet , and the pumice stone is perfect to rub away the now-softened dead skin , leaving your feet WARM and happy!You do NOT need to add oils or salts to this foot spa . It will only clog the air jets and prevent you from fully enjoying the LUXURY your feet will experience!The drain plug has not one , but TWO o-rings to prevent leaking , so do NOT torque it down , just LIGHTLY snug it until it stops . You should not experience plug damage if you simply treat it with a bit of care.Yes , it 's a bit pricey compared to the others , but you truly DO get what you pay for , and if you want a GOOD foot bath that HEATS the water , and has great air bubbles , this is one investment you will not regret . Your feet are worth it . They support you your entire life , return the favor !
 I purchased this foot bath based on the apparent depth of the water and the other reviews of people that had already used it . It fully meets my expectations . In addition to the usable depth , it also has a heater that actually heats the water . Other foot baths that I have used have very wimpy heaters or none at all . Of course , it gets pretty heavy . One should consider using it near where they plan to dump out the water .
 This product is good . The heating feature is really nice and the jets have sufficient pressure to rejuvenate the feet . It was so relaxing for me because i have a job where i have to stand for 12 hours and this product is giving a good feel to my feet . I recommend this product .
 I Purchased this for my husband for Christmas . I checked the reviews for other models and this one was most popular . It is a little more expensive but well worth it . He loves it and I might have to borrow it . I definitely recommend this product .
 This is a good product , the second one that I purchased . The first one lasted for about a year . Then the On / Off switch suddenly stopped working . I was satisfied with the product , so I bought another .
 I am so glad we found one that keeps the water heated . Quality is close to professional quality . Easy to operate , easy to store , and such a great gift for the feet !
 I bought this for my mom who is always complaining about achy feet . However , she is also a diabetic and not really supposed to soak her feet much , so she does it maybe once every 2 weeks or so , or when she really needs it , for about 15-20 minutes and I monitor the temperature for her . She loves the jets . Even though it was a bit pricier than most other spas , it has the advantage of adjusting the jets and the temperature which most of the other cheaper home spas did n't have.I plan on using it sometimes too , there 's only one draw back , you ca n't add salts or any sort of lotions/oils to the water as it may clog the bubble jets . Apart from that , it 's a really great product , especially for my mom , who ca n't use anything thing else to compliment the soak anyways , so she 's happy . It 's light weight , easy to drain and easy to clean !
 I was a little skeptical but have come to accept this Brookstone as a quality product . Does exactly what the manufacturer says . The reviews point out a problem with the drain plug so I dont use - I lift the foot spa and empty it by pouring into a sink . Invigorating and relaxing .
 I will definitely recommend this , Its very comforting for tired feet after a long day on your feet , it hold the water for a long time nice and warm even when u turn it off and the massage you get by rolling your feet on the massagers is wonderful .
 I bought this as a X-Mas gift . The person had no real complains , other than some warnings on use of certain salts . Apparently , its size and weight are considerably larger than similar models in the market .
 Love this . . like a peri minus the manual Foot massage . My sore feet are grateful , my corns have vanished , my feet have been reborn . Long live the feet
 I have owned many foot spas and this is my favorite . It take a while for the water to warm up even using warm water but once it is warm it feels fantastic .
 i bought this as a gift so i have not used it . but im told that it keeps the water hot and at times to hot but i figure that will go away as it breaks in a bit . the jets are very strong in it , its very quiet as well but it is massive witch is nice because it looks like it would work for my size14 feet . i think its defiantly worth the money .
 I love this thing ! I made the mistake of adding hot water to begin with so it was BURNING at first lol . but it works well . jets are cool too . only thing is the bumps on the bottom are n't pleasant but i just keep my feet floating anyway .
 I got this for my wife for Christmas and she tried it out today and fell in love with it ! Plenty of heat and the jets melted away all of her calluses . She said it is the best she has ever used . Do n't waste your time with cheap knock offs . This one will give her happy feet .
 This is an excellent foot bath . I called two Brookstone stores in the Houston area , and neither had this product , which bears their name ; however , both had a lower-priced Conair brand in stock . It seems strange that this would be so . The local stores had no knowledge of their own brand , which I decided to purchase through Amazon . I received quick delivery and am pleased with the design and function of this soothing heat bath . I could have given it five stars , but it is too soon to declare it that perfect . A couple of months from now , I may very well give it the fifth star . I doubt that there is a better one to be found .
 Very good product , we used it two days now and my mother loves it . The only negative is it heats slow . It would be nice to have a sensor that advises when the water is warm instead of waiting with feet in water . Other than this , it is very well liked by her .
 i got this for my wife for christmas , knowing that she has her stays on her feet all day at work cutting hair and it was a great product , only thing that sucks is that it was kinda hard to clean , but it wasnt horrible
 Used it for the first time today . Durably made , jets are strong , put cold water in and it heated in about 4 minutes . Remote control is indeed useful . Jets in the front and are variable-direction - would pay for a more expensive one with jets in the rear too . Will keep you posted on durability . Overall , a great first-time experience .
 The first time I used my foot bath I enjoyed the warm water and the flow from the jets . However , I was disappointed that I was unable to get any massage effect from the rollers under my feet . Possibly this is because of my foot size -LRB- 13 -RRB- . All in all I like it .
 With all the options out there , purchasing a foot spa can be tricky . Some will lure you with fancy wording , cheap prices , and seemingly attractive features . I spent a lot of time doing research , and ulitmately chose this foot spa.I bought this with my fiance in mind about a year ago . She wears heels almost every day , and with that comes sore feet . I would n't no personally , you ladies can back me up on that . Anyway , after trying this out , my fiance LOVED it and could n't get enough ! She said her feet felt rejuvenated , and after trying it myself , wow , this thing WORKS!The heat is fantastic . No need to preheat water as the heater works fast . The jets are powerful and massaging . The remote is a great feature for the ultimate control in turning the heater on and off , as well as the jets . The spa holds a good amount of water without splashing it everywhere , and it holds my feet with just a little bit of room left , which are a men 's size 11 . If you do your research you will see many many complaints about other products , and I feel if you are looking for something good , but realtively inexpensive , Brookstone has the foot spa for you.Only down side , you can not add anything like bath salts or any of those other skin products . However , I bought my fiance some awesome foot cream , and the combination has her pleased ! Definitely recommended !
 We purchased his foot bath a little over a year ago . I works great but it 's bulky and a little loud . If you do n't mind that it 's a great product .
 The Aqua-Jet Foot Spa does have some great qualties . Such as the rotatable aqua jets , which work really well . They only have two in the front where your toes are though . I wish they had something else in the back . Overall the spa does what it says but the massage nodes that help relieve stress are hard too feel when you roll your feet over them . It was kinda of a struggle to do and I had a friend try it and she had said the same . The heater does work well as long as you put luke warm water to start with . If your are looking for a relaxing foot treatment that practically knocks you out from relaxation , this is it . It may just be a little too pricy .
 The jets are strong and the heating element is excellent . . that alone gets the 5 stars . Cold water has always been my complaint with cheaper models . It also has a valve to drain water when you 're done so you do n't have to flip the whole thing over awkwardly . My only complaints would be about the bottom of the basin . I would rather there were `` bumps '' or maybe a wavy surface to roll your feet over . What is on the bottom is a roller which I do n't find soothing . I 'd also chuck the pumice stone . And lastly , if the basin bottom was tilted up . . so your toes were slightly above your heels . . it would feel more natural , rather than having your feet flat .
 It just came today 4/7 . I am using it now . Here the scoop on the foot bath . If you see a comment saying the heat does not stay on , it 's true . It has an automatic 1/2 hour cut off . Simple turn the heat back on . Rollers are inserts , you have to move your own feet but there are pluses . It comes with a pumice stone . It has heat . It suggested room temp or warmer water but I put in cold to see how long it takes to heat the water . Under a minute was all it took to get the heat going . It has high and low water jets with adjustable air pressure for the jets . I wear a 71/2 shoe and if I place my feet on the roller the right way the jets blast water up my toe nails which feels uncomfortable to me but I am a woman and my nails not clipped to the nub . Solution
 I love this foot spa . The water stays hot for a very long time ... love it and so needed after a long day . My boys love it too . The only thing is , it 's a bit noisy . We just turn up the TV and it 's all good .
 I have used it twice and I love it , very relaxing . I pour Johnson 's foot soap in it and it 's worked well so far . It 's great to have the option to turn off the water heating because the water could get really hot . I love the preasure but I still think that the price is a little high . This item is a little heavy to maneuver .
 Love it . It is almost perfect :1 . With HEATER !!!! This is an incredible and necessary feature . It actually heats the water . I simply fill the foot spa with hot water from the shower and soak my feet for 30-60 minutes . It stays HOT !!! The heater turns off automatically every 30 minutes but I turn it on if I plan on keeping my feet longer .2 . Rollers
 I love to soak my feet at the end of a long day of walking . I owned a Homedic 's foot bath previously , which was nice but the water became unpleasantly cool in a few minutes if I turned it on . Turning on the heat function only got lukewarm water . And even if I just used it as a big bowl , the water still cooled down much too fast . The Brookstone foot bath solved the problem!While many foot baths claim to have a heat function , the Brookstone foot bath is the only one I 've found that truly does . The heat function keeps the water like a little sauna , complete with water jets . The jets and bubbles run on separate controls , so you do n't have to have them on at the same time , and you can control the air pressure . The jets are re-positionable . There are massage wheels on the bottom that feel great on your feet ! Water can be drained from a spigot in the back , so you do n't have to flip the whole thing over to empty it . Overall , a fantastic product ! Homedics should learn from Brookstone.The only con -- and it 's not much of one -- is that this thing is almost twice the size of your average foot bath . This has to do with the way it heats the water
 This product really heats the water . I have purchased three other foot baths before this one and none of them really kept the water warm . This product keeps the water warm , has jets and bubbles . It also has a drain on the bottom that makes it easy to empty it . I have a friend that comes to my house to give my mother pedicures and manicures and she is going to buy one to use with her other clients . I am so glad I found this on Amazon.Foot Baths - heated foot bath
 This is the best foot spa I have ever purchased . The heater works great and will heat water from cold in a very short time . The jets are very strong . I need to purchase another and now have found them hard to find . I hope You guys will carry them again soon .
 The Brook stone foot bath is the ultimate luxury item for aching tired overworked feet . The jets that you can direct downward or upward to create a hot tub experience for your feet . I did n't discover these until I was almost done . There is an air control on the unit that controls the bubbles . One thing to note , I purchased the Masada Peppermint Tree Oil and the Tea Tree Oil with the foot bath for a 120 dollars . Please note that the manual recommends against using bath salts as they say it will clog the unit.But other than that I am very happy that I spent the extra money to buy the Brook Stone Foot Bath.Foot Baths - Heated foot bath
 This for those who say it is too heavy and unwieldy to dump the water.I made a small dolly and placed the foot bath on it . Very easy to take it out the door an unscrew the plug . Just roll this item anywhere you want .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I was skeptical about paying over $ 20 or more for shoe insoles . I asked myself why should a piece of plastic cost so much ? I finally made the plunge and bought the black and blue colored Superfeet insoles . They did help and were better than the original insoles on my shoes . Are they really worth the $ 30 + for the insoles ? I would say no . They offered great arch support and that was about it . I now needed more forefoot cushioning with the Superfeet insoles because their arch support was now making my feet apply more pressure on my forefoot . I saw these Spenco insoles on Amazon and decided to give them a try since they were cheaper . The photos also looked like they had cushion around the whole insole , something the more expensive Superfeets did not have . These Spenco insoles turned out to be better than the Superfeet insoles . They offered the same arch support as the Superfeet insoles and they also offered more cusion around the forefoot area . Are the Spenco insoles worth the price ? I say yes . If these were the same price as the Superfeet insoles , I would still buy them.I currently use these in my Merrell hiking boots and average 10-12 miles per hikes .
 FANTASTIC !!! My husband has been wearing these daily for relief from `` Plantars Fasciitis '' for a few months now . Daily comfort greatly improved and soreness has definitely lessened . Fit great with his Men 's size 11 EEE shoes . We 've just ordered an additional two pair for another set of shoes and one to have a spare if/when one pair has worn out . GREAT PRODUCT !!!
 Worked great for my 14 year old son camping/hiking . Hiked 57 miles in 11 days and never got a blister or sore feet !
 Spenco comes out on top , after trying numerous insoles , including custom ! I find them excellent for everyday wear and a couple weeks hiking in Denali Nat . Park was much easier too . Be sure to take the `` issue '' insole out of your shoe unless you need it for a spacer . These inserts will make the shoe fit nice and snug . I 've about recovered from plantar fasciitis , but when it was its worst , these insoles saved the day . Highly recommended .
 I do a lot of city walking , on rare occasions up to 20 miles a day . That much footstrike on hard concrete and asphalt is much harder on the feet than relatively soft dirt trails , so I 'm forever looking for the perfect insole . I miss my old Sorbothane insoles -LRB- 100 % Sorbothane from heel to toe -RRB- , which were heavy but very comfortable . These are the next best thing . They have one of the deepest heel cups I 've found on any insole . The only way to get more heel support is with wraparound Tuli heel cups . Arch support is n't quite as high as I 'd like , but too high would be uncomfortable for many people , like stepping on a rounded rock with each step.Too bad these are n't more durable . After about five months of use , the plastic frames that hold all the various foam inserts has cracks in many places . It 'll probably last another three or four months , but I wish Spenco -LRB- or rather their Chinese contractor -RRB- had used a tougher , less brittle plastic for the frames .
 my first online reveiw ever goes out to this amber oil -LRB- and oil is almost a misnomer , this one scent was singular in its thickness ... almost like a resin -RRB- . If you have ever smelled other perfumes or oils named ` amber ' or having that describe a ` note ' of the scent ... this is the olfactory ` real thing ' you 've been craving . will be a repeat customer again and again.I also tried a couple musks and patuollis -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and loved them too . i mixed indian patuolli with the amber today , and i cant get enough of myself -LRB- sniff sniff -RRB- . literally one drop of each rubbed together between the wrists is all it took . application was 3 hours ago and scent is still going strong . DONT GET ME STARTED ON THE PRICES !!! FOR THE QUALITY I ALMOST FEEL LIKE I GOT ONE OVER ON THE COMPANY . AWESOME PRODUCT .
 I remembered this scent from college 16 years ago , and could n't find it . I tried every Amber oil I found and it just was n't the same . When I ordered this , I had already lost hope , but this was it ! It 's very warm and spicy with no astringent or acidic smells . Beautiful ! Be warned , the consistency is very thick . It 's more sticky than other oils . It 's very strong , so use sparingly .
 I 'm always searching for a perfect amber and this one comes close . I do n't know about `` hotter '' -LRB- as it says in the description -RRB- but it seems somewhat darker than most ambers , if that makes sense . It 's very resiny , with a little hint of something woody at first and not at all powdery , has staying power and I love it a lot . It 's very thick and a small amount of it goes a long way . I 'd recommend wearing it alone or layering it with other scents to boost their amber content .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 my first online reveiw ever goes out to this amber oil -LRB- and oil is almost a misnomer , this one scent was singular in its thickness ... almost like a resin -RRB- . If you have ever smelled other perfumes or oils named ` amber ' or having that describe a ` note ' of the scent ... this is the olfactory ` real thing ' you 've been craving . will be a repeat customer again and again.I also tried a couple musks and patuollis -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and loved them too . i mixed indian patuolli with the amber today , and i cant get enough of myself -LRB- sniff sniff -RRB- . literally one drop of each rubbed together between the wrists is all it took . application was 3 hours ago and scent is still going strong . DONT GET ME STARTED ON THE PRICES !!! FOR THE QUALITY I ALMOST FEEL LIKE I GOT ONE OVER ON THE COMPANY . AWESOME PRODUCT .
 I remembered this scent from college 16 years ago , and could n't find it . I tried every Amber oil I found and it just was n't the same . When I ordered this , I had already lost hope , but this was it ! It 's very warm and spicy with no astringent or acidic smells . Beautiful ! Be warned , the consistency is very thick . It 's more sticky than other oils . It 's very strong , so use sparingly .
 I 'm always searching for a perfect amber and this one comes close . I do n't know about `` hotter '' -LRB- as it says in the description -RRB- but it seems somewhat darker than most ambers , if that makes sense . It 's very resiny , with a little hint of something woody at first and not at all powdery , has staying power and I love it a lot . It 's very thick and a small amount of it goes a long way . I 'd recommend wearing it alone or layering it with other scents to boost their amber content .
 If you need a battery for your fujifinepics get the original manufacturer only . Replacment batteries do not last or work as well .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 my first online reveiw ever goes out to this amber oil -LRB- and oil is almost a misnomer , this one scent was singular in its thickness ... almost like a resin -RRB- . If you have ever smelled other perfumes or oils named ` amber ' or having that describe a ` note ' of the scent ... this is the olfactory ` real thing ' you 've been craving . will be a repeat customer again and again.I also tried a couple musks and patuollis -LRB- sp ? -RRB- and loved them too . i mixed indian patuolli with the amber today , and i cant get enough of myself -LRB- sniff sniff -RRB- . literally one drop of each rubbed together between the wrists is all it took . application was 3 hours ago and scent is still going strong . DONT GET ME STARTED ON THE PRICES !!! FOR THE QUALITY I ALMOST FEEL LIKE I GOT ONE OVER ON THE COMPANY . AWESOME PRODUCT .
 I remembered this scent from college 16 years ago , and could n't find it . I tried every Amber oil I found and it just was n't the same . When I ordered this , I had already lost hope , but this was it ! It 's very warm and spicy with no astringent or acidic smells . Beautiful ! Be warned , the consistency is very thick . It 's more sticky than other oils . It 's very strong , so use sparingly .
 I 'm always searching for a perfect amber and this one comes close . I do n't know about `` hotter '' -LRB- as it says in the description -RRB- but it seems somewhat darker than most ambers , if that makes sense . It 's very resiny , with a little hint of something woody at first and not at all powdery , has staying power and I love it a lot . It 's very thick and a small amount of it goes a long way . I 'd recommend wearing it alone or layering it with other scents to boost their amber content .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I became acquainted with walkers & rollators after my husband 's heart attack - and found out that mobility was going to be ` key ' to improving his health . A wheeled walker - rollator - answered this need . Since that time I also suffered a back injury and found out first hand that all rollators are not created equal . The first decision to consider is ` where am I going to be using this walker most ? Indoors/housebound ? Or for transport in and out of a vehicle - to the store , clinic , etc. . Either way you will most likely prefer a lightweight and easily transportable device and this D-Lite model fits the bill . Indoors , the swivel wheels make it a God-send for turning in tight locations . Outdoors 8 '' swivel wheels are a must for maneuverability especially in snowy areas . The only place I fault this D-lite model is on the quality of the wheel for use outdoors . In my experience the rollators having the ` gray/white ' rubber wheel have proved to have more traction and be the more durable wheel . The removable basket is a great convenience and this rollator also has an excellent seat and back rest . One last note
 I take kelp as a supplement to provide iodine . I believe it helps protect from exposure to radiation , but do n't quote me on that . I 'm not a doctor and I did n't stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night.Carlson is a brand I trust and will pay a premium for . I like , or at least do n't mind the taste of kelp , and Carlson brand kelp tastes good .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have used guai from Fludan for probably 5 years now for fibromyalgia . They are a great vendor . I used the powder for a while , but switched to the 600 mg capsules . Since the product base is powder , I think it appropriate to comment even though I got tired of stuffing my own capsules . -LRB- I do still have the equipment though to create my own capsules . -RRB- I order in bulk now and it lasts me probably a year at a time.Pay by check if you can , save the international conversion fees.I highly recommend Fludan 's products . I have used a variety of 100 % guai over the years from different vendors , and rate their product , customer service , and delivery the best .
 Guaifenesin is a terrific expectorant , especially if you have trouble with mucus lodging in your throat and it makes you cough forever without effect . Opera singers love this stuff . It sure helps me . Start with 600mg orally , twice per day . It is a white powder , and has the look and feel of icing sugar . It has a very bitter after-taste and should be taken with lots of water . 500 grams of this stuff should last me a year . Great value . Scales are a must , for accuracy in dose.I ordered it on a Sunday . and it arrived at my door Tuesday morning . That was fast .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I was very satisfied with this product . I needed something that was functional as well as durable . I have used the holders they carry at the drug store before . But the holding capacity is smaller and when I carried them in my purse , the pills would end up all over the place . The 4 compartments allow me to put my medicine as well as vitamins in my purse for a complete day . With one glance , I can double check to make sure I took the last dosage . It is well worth the money .
 Before purchasing I wanted to know who has the product for less than I could buy local.I use this product for reducing the swelling during a gout flare ups . It may not work for others but it works for me .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 Bought this as a Christmas gift for my husband . It is nice and not overbearing ! I hate it when you know exactly who has been on the elevator or in the room before you because their cologne is lingering . Love this D&G fragrance !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003UZU2FU/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_imgThis item was recommended by a doctor for my wife . We found this site to have the best price with fast delivery , and you get what you order . Highly recommended this seller .
 While the product is exceptional , it was promoted as 120 softgels , implying that there would be 4 bottles of 120 . In fact , I received 8 bottles of 60 . The supplier wanted to get rid of his stock as the expiration date was a few months away . So that is how they were advertised . So much for truth in advertising . Still love these over the tablets , however.ICaps Lutein & Zeaxanthin Formula , Coated Tablets , 120 coated tablets
 So happy to find this product that my doctor ordered me to take to keep my eyes healthy . It is very costly for me to take on a regular basis , so it is great to find another deal to help our budget .
 The I-Caps were received as advertised and on time . When needing more I 'll consider this provider again . Priced right for the produce received .
 My eye doctor recommended this vitamin althouigh only half the daily recommended dose on the package . This was unusual , because he has never recommended any product for eyes that is not a prescription . I think it is helping but users should be sure not to &#34; OD &#34; on supplements -- users should compare contents and dosage levels of all vitamins being taken .
 Price is better than specials at drug stores , scheduled delivery is very convenient . My eye doctor/surgeon recommend I take these several years ago . He said I should continue the rest of my life .
 Automatic ordering ... the product -LRB- eye vitamins -RRB- comes when I need them . It is easy to forget when to reorder the vitamins , great service . . and price .
 My only concern is you sources . There are over 15o different types of the Lapacho tree in the Amazon jungle , which this product comes from . However , of all these different types , only 2 of them are real effective . One of them lives in the higher elevation , while the other lives in the lower elevation . One has purple flowers , one has yellow flowers , which both eat insects . So , how can I know that you are using the inner bark from the right trees ?
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I buy this product all the time for my significant other . It lathers with little water and prepares the face -LRB- or any body part for that matter -RRB- for a clean and close shave without all the irritation of most other products . Although it may seem expensive , just use a dollop and little water for an amazing experience !!
 Castle Forbes has a reputation as one of the best wetshaving products ever , and it 's well deserved.It may be expensive relative to other products , but this super thick cream goes a long , long way
 A wonderful shaving cream . The aroma is intoxicating , and the lather is thick and silky . Despite being priced considerably higher than some other popular luxury shave creams , a tub of CF goes a long way . There 's more per tub , and you only need half as much . I 'm still undecided on whether I 'll buy the pre-shave or after shave again , but I 'll definitely be using the shaving cream for the foreseeable future .
 Simply said , Castle Forbes is what eveyone else wishes they were . It is the most expensive . It is the best . It does eveything a shave creme should . Close , comfortable shaves . No nicks . No scrapes . No excuses .
 First bought Castle Forbes through representative at a local store . What a great product . Great smell and the smoothest shave of anything that I 've tried out . Only place I can find it is on Amazon . It 's great for sensative skin and a little bit is all you need . Depending on how often you shave this can last 4 + months .
 This is truly a great shaving cream . It is on par with the best English creams out there ; Trumpers , TOBS , Truefitt and Hill . As well cushioned and conditioned the shave is , the smell is even better . By far the strongest lavendar smell I have ever experienced in a shave cream.I was told to try the Art of ShavingThe Art of Shaving Shaving Cream , Lavender Essential Oil , for Sensitive Skin , 5.3 oz -LRB- 150 g -RRB- as well if I enjoyed the Castle Forbes.The price is fairly high for a shave cream -LRB- by far not the most expensive -RRB- but this tub should last me about a year of daily 3 pass shaves . So the cost of about $ 3 a month is not a deal breaker for me .
 I 've done a lot of reviewing of shaving creams , over 60 in fact , and Castle Forbes is one of my absolute favourites . It 's not the best -LRB- that would go to Martin de Candre , but good luck finding it in the USA -RRB- , but it 's easily available and absolutely a top tier product . You might not like the lavender smell - personally it 's one of my favourite fragrances - but there are others you can try instead.It creates a great lather , it comes off cleanly , it lubricates and protects well , and it 's for a great price too . I have recommended Castle Forbes to all my friends and they all love it .
 CF Lavender is the best shaving cream that I have found . Pricy but I would recommend it to everyone . Promt shipping . Will return for more supplies .
 I first came across this Castle Forbes Lavender Shaving Creme in London . Although somewhat pricey it is the best shaving creme out there . It lasts a long time , is great for sensitive skin , and has a very pleasant smell . Highly recommended
 In short , buy this product.Castle Forbes makes the best performing and best smelling creams . Period .
 I have all of the Taylor as well as the Trumper creams , both I consider excellent . I also happen to have extremely sensitive skin . This said , did I mention , I severly dislike nicks which are hard to avoid during a careless moment with a feather blade . With this underpackaged product small mistakes are forgiven . The only cream I literally treat as a soap with my brush , -LRB- kind of hard -RRB- which I really do n't mind because the Trumper cream , -LRB- which I also love -RRB- is the same weight as this product and shave for shave will last half -LRB- or there abouts -RRB- as long.This is a great cream and I fully intend to try there other products . So should you if possible , you wo n't regret it .
 The art and ritual of old time Wet Shaving has been a passion and indulgene of mine for years . I use both straight razors and DE -LRB- double edge -RRB- saftey razors . I also collect antique and vintage razors which drives my better half crazy because our bathroom looks more like a barber shop than it does anything else.Castle Forbes is a centuries old producer out of Scotland best known for creating the finest shave creams in the world . The Lavander is specially grown , harvested by hand and the essential oils are distilled in an ardous process that has n't changed in 100 years . The result is an intoxicating , earthy hard to describe but unforgettable scent.The cream itself is incredibly luxuriuos - silky , rich and wildly hydrating . Matched with a good razor and blade this cream ensures a Barber close shave every single time . What is more , the cream fully protects against razor drag , pulling or irritation . Leaving your skin soft and supple - it 's expensive yes , but a little tiny bit goes a long way.If you 're new to wet shaving or a pro and have n't tried Castle Forbes products you really do owe it to yourself . The experiance is like no other , I assure you.This classic shave cream , with it 's outstanding quality will provide you with the finest , closest and most comfortable shave you 've ever experianced .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 Product received with very good packaging and it preformed as advertised . The product contained the advertised material . The package arrived in the time frame specified .
 Very easy to swallow and more MG FOR THE MONEY !! I will buy this product again .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I 'm a nurse and have used many different odor eleminators in many different hospitals . This stuff is BY FAR the BEST !! Completely eleiminates odors . Scent is nice but not overwhelming . So glad I found it here on Amazon !
 I got the spray from a nurse at the hospital . Someone in recovery had a code brown - she sprayed just 1 spray and the smell was gone ! I use it at home for litter box odor etc. . Works like no other .
 I saw this product in a hospital and when the patient came home all the little bottles they had brought into her room came with her . When a well-meaning nail stylist came to the home to do a manicure the smell from the products was horrific . Two sprays of this stuff and the odor was gone . Amazing . Now I have it in all my bathrooms . -LRB- The merchant was n't so hot - I ordered two bottles but the merchant was out of product and with no notification when the order was placed only delivered the first bottle . Back ordered the other . I 've found another supplier -RRB- . Regardless of the vendor snafu , the product is great and I highly recommend it .
 I found this product in my Mom 's apartment after she was sent to hospice . The cigarette smoke was so stale and strong it made me nauseaus . You could even smell stale smoke in the hallway by her door , t was THAT strong of an odor . She was a 3-4 pack a dayer and never opened windows . A few spritzes and the next day when I went back , no smell . The true test was when I had to sell her car . The car smelled awful -LRB- smoke again -RRB- a few sprays , kept the windows up and smell was GONE . A week later when showing the car , still no smell ! Anyone can cover it up with fabreeze or the like , this gets rid of it . Truely amazing and one product I wo n't be without from now on !
 I first came across this product when working as a doctor 's assistant at UCLA Medical Center 19 years ago , as they had these bottles in the restroom . I kept a sample bottle , waiting for the day that I could find it . -LRB- Back then , internet commerce was n't as popular or user-friendly . Now , years later , I 'm able to do a search and find this product for sale and thus ordered it . -RRB- This really works in eliminating bad -LRB- body -RRB- odors wafting in the air .
 I work as a nurse in a hospital and NOTHING works better or smells more delightful . I prefer the fresh air scent over the unscented ,
 I received this product in a hospital after an operation and was impressed with the way the product eliminated odor . I now use this product in my kitchen other parts of my home . I love it . Joan Baretincic
 Just one single spray kills the odor right away . Scent very strong , particularly in small space .
 This product eliminates odor with one spray and its fragrance is most pleasant . Now use it anywhere needed and will be purchasing another to take on vacation . Also , my severe allergies are n't affected by this product .
 I first discovered this product at a doctor 's office 's restroom . When I used it , it gave off a long lasting scent -LRB- unlike most store bought air fresheners -RRB- . The product 's scent is very pleasant at the same time , it was very effective . I am very satisfied with the product and I highly recommend this to others .
 My mom 's a nurse and brought a sample home from her hospital years ago and nothing compares to it for eliminating odors . Everything I 've ever used masks or combines the odors for less than effective results . This stuff knocks it out .
 This product is excellent . It kills the odor in the air for a second . It is the best air fresh product I have hardly found in the store . Thumbs up !
 This product is amazing . It completly does away with odors and does not leave a odor of its own to make this happen
 This product really does work well . I discovered it when my husband was in the hospital . They used it for bathroom odors and I realized that it worked .
 I had seen this product during a hospital stay , and figured if a hospital used it is must work . And it does ! It makes the bathroom useable after my husband has been in there , it also helped get rid of the vomit smell in my car after my toddler son got sick on a road trip . I will so buy again
 I recommend this product to anyone . I knew of this product while working in a hospital . I purchased it to remove stinch from my home and car . It removes the hardest and blatant of all smells
 When I ordered this product I had read reviews stating how well this stuff works ... and they were right . All you need is one spray of this stuff and you are good to go . The smell is not offensive and it eliminates odors in a matter of seconds . I use it as a bathroom spray , but apparently this stuff is also used for intense situations such as decay etc. . Overall , for an odor eliminator I give this product 5 stars !
 This spray is amazing ! My mom recieved it during a stay in the hospital and we 've been using it at home ever since . One spray and bad odors are gone . We love the Lemon Scent !!! Try Bio-Aire and you wo n't be sorry !
 I am amazed how powerful this stuff is . I have had some household odors that have been very difficult to conquer . After using the spray , the odors are completely eliminated ! Totally worth the price .
 Easy to use . Can be carried in your bag to work , or the Nursing Home , or Hospital visits without being noticed .
 We had a small sample bottle left over from a recent hospital stay . I sprayed it around the cat litter box and it immediately removes all the stinky odor . Love it ! Wish we could buy it at our local market .
 A nurse at a hospital turned me on to this . We now have them in the kitchen , bathroom , garage , etc. . You must try them to believe how good it works . As I run out I buy more , takes care of all the odors with just a spray .
 The 15 quart Rubbermaid bucket is a quality bucket , if you need 15 quart capacity . For my purposes , the Rubbermaid 12 quart size is sufficient.The 15 quart is rectangle , whereas the 12 quart is square an fits more easilyinto a kitchen sink . The 15 quart has less of a place to grip the bottom , in order to pour water . The 12 quart size offers a better shape to grip the bottom to pour .
 In my opinion , this bucket is not the bestseller it should be . That 's one of the problems with Amazon 's bestseller lists . People shop the top 10 and bypass the real deals that are buried further down.I 've used this bucket for over two years . Its primary use is mopping the floors in a two-bedroom apartment . It supports this very well . I fill it from a bathtub tap with no problems . You can probably slide it under the kitchen sink tap , but that might take more effort . I prefer the rectangular shape because this makes it a bit easier to slip the mop n and out.The bucket is easy to carry unless you fill it right to the brim , but I do n't do that . After two years , he bucket shows no visible signs of wear , and construction is very solid . The spout indentation makes it easier to pour when the time comes to empty it . And the price right now -LRB- about $ 13 -RRB- makes it a bargain.I hope this helps .
 I had this same bucket for over 10 years and finally it gave way last year . I was looking for this same model for a while . But could n't find it at Home Depot or any other places . I thought it was a discontiued item . Luckiy I found it at Amazon . Good product . It is very durable .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 This is a great massager for the price . The only issue I have with it are the extra attatchments . You may as well toss them . The basic spa however is a divine treat . Just what I was hoping for . A hot tub for your tired toes . It bubbles and massages . The jets are strong enough to feel really good.No complaints here !
 i bought this for my mother and she thinks it is fabulous !! she loves the jets , the bubbles , well everything about it . Its worth the money and thats another good thing about it , its in-expensive
 SOOTHING HEAT AND FOUR AQUA JETS!Treat your feet to a well deserved soothing foot massage with the Dr. Scholls Premium Foot Spa.This unit combines smart heat , massage , bubbles and fouraqua jets for the ultimate foot spa experience.The location of the water proof toe touch control helpsprevent spills and makes setting changes easy with thetouch of a toe or finger.Four aqua jets deliver invigorating spray to refresh tiredfeet while the smart heat feature keeps water warm forsoothing relief.Refreshing bubbles and soothing massage relax and revivesore , achy feet.Three interchangeable massage attachments for accunode , accupressure and roller massage.Interchangeable reflexology rollers provide soothing foot relief and massage.Model No
 I just love it , it feels great . I do n't care if the water is cold or not but it just feels really good after a day at school .
 I have used this spa twice so far and I am very happy with it . It is really a great product except the footrest which is little difficult to adjust . It did everything that 's mentioned in the product description and came with a bonus Nail clipper too . I would highly recommend it .
 This product is nice . It does a great job for the price . It is kind of noisy but it does work wonders ! The down side and reason for 4 stars is that the pedicare spot is very small and hard to use . You have to contort yourself into very akward positions to use it . It is almost to much unless you are very flexible . The bubbles and vibrations are just right . Like I said it is a little noisey but not sure how others compare . I would recommend it and buy it again for the price . It is worth the money and has a nice 2 year warrenty which is odd in this day and age . If you are buying it for the pedicure I would recommend you look at something else as this is n't the best product for that . As I said the way the features are positioned they are hard to use . Other than that it is a good product for the price .
 This is just a good basic brush . The bristles are stiff enough , the handle lets you apply as much pressure as needed and the grip is comfortable.When it gets dirty , stick it in the dishwasher then put it back to work .
 which I like but the bristles do not go far enough around the brush too make cleaning glasses , etc. easier . I do , however , use this brush on occasion for cleaning other items . Good purchase .
 This brush has lasted a few weeks and I tend to hand wash all my dishes . I will continue to order more of these as I need them .
 After a month it has held up very nice . It is a very good shape for getting all types & sizes of dishes , pot , pans clean . Pricey for a dish brush , but I would buy again because of its performance .
 I just realized that I 've had this brush , using it daily , a little over 5 years . Popped it out of the dishwasher last night and it looks like new . The bristles have yet to go slack . What else needs saying ? Oxo knocks it out of the park once again .
 Sure , it 's just a kitchen brush , but I wanted one that had stronger , stiffer bristles and did n't fall apart after a few weeks - and this is it ! Perfect for my needs .
 The Oxo Good Grips Kitchen Brush beats all others that I 've ever tried . I 've bought it for years at my local Fred Meyer store , but suddenly the only Oxo Good Grips kitchen dish brush they 're carrying is the kind that has soap stored in the handle . Since I already have something like that , and do n't prefer to do a sinkload of dishes with a soapy brush like that , I prefer this one.When I could n't find this dish brush at my local store in December , I purchased the `` next best thing '' I could find . Within one week of normal use , almost all of the bristles were smashed down . Ugh ! Since there are no other options in our local stores to find this Oxo Good Grips Kitchen Brush I 'm reviewing here , I found the brush on Amazon.com and ordered it through them.Two months later , this Oxo Good Grips brush shown here is still in excellent , brand-new looking condition , with no bristles smashed down from use.I hope I can find this brush here for years to come ; I usually buy a new one of these about every 10 months . Oh , and something else I should n't forget
 Cleans well , food particles and debris rinses out easy , bristles do n't get stained , can toss in the dishwasher . What more can you ask for .
 And I did so not because there 's anything wrong with the one I bought a month ago but because I want a back-up , just in case . That 's how much I like this brush . Before , I was using this brand 's palm brush to scrape and clean dishes and pans . But I much prefer this handled brush . Great product that I hope is never discontinued.ETA
 Awesome brush for just about everything , it fits into glasses , has a one inch scrapper on the end that is soft enough to use on nonstick pans , and cleans up easily . I had one that lasted fpr abput three years . I still used it even though I hid it from company . I searched for about a year before I found it online , Yeah ! They only thing that you should know is that the bristles are not stiff , so if you want a stiff scrub brush this is not for you .
 I had decided to write a review about this brush if amazon carried it , because I was certain nobody would bother to write a review about a lowly dish brush - and this one is worthy of some attention . So it was gratifying to find so many other fans . As one who appreciates design it must be said that this brush has great style , but what matters most , of course , is how it works , and how well it holds up.It appears from the other reviews that my dish routine is a little out of the ordinary . I see the word scrub and sticky and elbow grease and it causes me to recoil in lazy horror - because I 'm lazy about cleaning up after dinner , despite the fact that I had the same old Protestant work ethic training you all had growing up . But to me there seems no point in ruining a perfectly good dinner - and its stuffed and sassy aftermath - by standing at the sink scrubbing and sweating . So I rinse out the pots and pans and fill them up with soapy water and wait until the next day to wash them . And because water is the universal solvent -LRB- remember chemistry class ? -RRB- , and because with time even the most adhesive baked-on rice softens right up - even though I do n't use hot water - everything comes off with no effort . It takes a fraction of the time.Another advantage of using cold water is that the bristles seem to last forever . This brush is going on year 10.2 and gets used an average of 320 days a year , twice a day . That means it 's been used 6,528 times - and the brush and bristles still look almost new . So why am I thinking of ordering another one ? Well , it 's mostly because I worry that if I do n't , the company will feel it 's not obsolescent enough and will cut corners in the manufacture , or take it off the market - and great sadness will ensue . This is a terrific brush with a great design - it should live on forever .
 There are lots of fancy dish brushes on the market
 Bought this to scrub our cast iron grill/griddle pan and it works great . Being able to toss it in the dishwasher after using it is really convenient too . For $ 4.99 this might be a better investment than the $ 12 Lodge specialty cast iron brush , which mostly has poor reviews .
 The bristles are quite firm for a brush of this type but they 're spread out . That 's ok IF you use this brush to remove food from utensils prior to placing in dishwasher.If you 're trying to clean pans though , this brush wo n't be perfect . In that case , consider a brush just meant for that purpose such as this one : Cuisinart Round Head Brush , Black.I recently discovered the advantage of using both kinds of brushes depending on what I 'm doing . This way , the kitchen brush is n't ruined trying to clean pans and other hard-to-clean items . The sacrifice is having to keep two brushes handly instead of the simplicity of just one , but I found it better this way .
 This is a really uncomplicated , multi-use kitchen tool . I know that it is just a kitchen brush , but it is effective and quick . I also like that it has no soap in the handle . Those brushes are lame ; they leak , and anyway I do n't necessarily always want to use soap.My old one is a few years old , and I really want to replace it , but can not find it anywhere ... even here . Please make more .
 I have big hands , and I hate dishwashers -LRB- the machines , not the people ; in my youth I worked as a dishwasher -RRB- . This brush is a perfect size for my hand , and makes getting stuck-on food off of dishes , pots , pans , indoor grill grills , glasses , mugs , etc. , much easier than scrubbing away with one of those sponges that has a regular sponge side and a rough side -LRB- I only use the kind that are safe for no-stick pans , etc. -RRB- . I have used the brush vigorously on no-stick pots and pans and it does not scratch the surfaces at all . The top edge of the brush is a scraper of sorts - not a sharp-edged scraper , but useful for dislodging food that is really stuck on the surface in question.The brush works great for cleaning coffee stains from the bottoms of tall coffee cups . I recently bought a Cuisinart Griddler Junior indoor grill , which has removable grills , and the brush gets those as clean as can be and eliminates the need for me to use the plastic scraper that came with the grill.I also like that the brush extends my arm so that I do n't have to bend down toward the sink when scrubbing away.I eat a bowl of spaghetti with spaghetti sauce and suddenly I feel incredibly lazy when it comes to cleaning up the dishes and cookware and so I let the dishes , etc. , sit ; I 'm guessing this lazy spell is a carbohydrate effect . Before getting this brush , cleaning up after such a meal - after the pasta sauce has had ample time -LRB- sometimes hours -RRB- to virtually adhere to all surfaces it has been in contact with - was a real pain . With the brush -LRB- and hot soapy water and elbow grease -RRB- , it 's very easy.Hey , it 's just a brush , but it 's a good one and it 's nice looking . -LRB- I checked out the selection at my local WalMart before choosing the Oxo , and saw nothing there that struck me as being comparable in price , quality , and aesthetics . I have Amazon Prime , so shipping on this item was free for me . -RRB-
 I had just remodeled my kitchen and got a brand new black apron style kitchen sink . Could not bear the thought of buying another $ 1 brush that would tear up in two week , s like the other two dozen , in the `` use for the outdoor '' bin . I thought I was splurging to by an `` expensive '' kitchen brush , but good grief , this thing is still in pristine condition . There has been no problem with bristle breakage , smell , mold , handle wear , etc. . I never imagined it would hold up like it has . So definitely worth the small investment . Save yourself the aggravation of replacing a brush constantly and go with the quality . I mainly use this for prewashing dishes before they go in the dishwasher , but also can use it on pots and pans . I 've not needed to buy an extra one for any other purpose . I do agree that the bristles are widely spaced , but this has not interfered with my daily use of it .
 I do n't like the dishwasher so I usually hand wash my plates and pots . My worst problem is when the scraps of food are extremely sticky and they wo n't come off even with repeated scrubbing with soft sponge , and that is when I decided to get this kitchen brush.The nylon brush tips are amazing , they are gentle to your stainless pots but are strong enough to make short work of those food scraps . There are even brush tips at the bottom of the brush that allow you to point it perpendicular to the bottom surface of the pot and clean it when you need to angle it pointing straight down . Amazing brush , just like the OXO bottle brush !
 I bought this brush over a month ago and have been using it every day since . It goes through the dishwasher every time it is run and still looks as good as new . The shape of the head allows it to reach into corners really well . I do wish the bristles were slightly stiffer so they would grip stainless steel pads better . All in all it does its job really well and is very comfortable to use.Update . After using the brush for another month I have come to appreciate the scraper feature . It does a great job of cleaning without damaging non-stick surfaces . It is also effective for gripping a stainless steel pad -LRB- overcoming my previous -RRB- reservation . The brush still looks new despite constant use .
 I have always felt that OXO is hit and miss with quality . I have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good . It has a strong handle and I suspect it will last more than 6 months . At the same time , I 'll probably replace it before then for cleanliness purposes , since the head is n't replaceable . Regardless , it 's cheap and does the trick . Good for general cleaning of dishes , etc , but not for the true elbow grease stuff .
 This OXO grips brush really does a great job at cleaning my pots and pans . The grip if very comfortable and when you flip the brush head over it has a flat edge for scraping off stuck on food . I would recommend this to others !
 So glad I read the other good reviews of this brush and bought it - it 's a great dish brush . It gets my plates and silverware nice & clean . But what puts it over the top of other dish brushes for me is that it works great cleaning my little Fancy Feast cat food cans - it fits in the cans and the insides & lids are clean in no time -LRB- I have to keep them in my house for a week until recycling day comes -RRB- . It also does an amazing job on those little storage containers lids where the manufacturer stamps words . Before , I could never really get into those crevices . This does it with ease . The size of the brush and the spacing of the bristles is just great . I bought this a few months ago and it 's holding great , too . Nice and sturdy . Its handle is great , too . Who ever thought I 'd be a fan of a dish brush ? But here I am ! :-RRB- Highly recommended .
 This is a great bush . Great grips , great bristles , great scraper . Stays clean and looks like new after over 6 months of use .
 I felt compelled to write a review of this miraculous brush ... The lady of the house cooks and as such I am delegated to do the dishes , which is probably for the best as I do them right . You know how it is when someone does the dishes , but they dont do them `` right '' . As an avid and professional household dish doer , I appreciate the devices that make my life easier and this is the best thing ever . The brush is extremely comfortable for the many hours a week it spends in my hand . It is extremely effective at removing everything from stuck eggs , scorched sauce , and all kinds of animal fats stuck to a myriad of kitchen cookware.I absolutely love this brush because it is safe for nonstick and is super durable . I have punished it on many occasions and it still looks brand new . Whenever I feel like rewarding it for its valiant service , it gets a free ride in the dishwasher and comes out as happy and fresh as the day it was born.Seriously though , this is one of if not the best dish brush I have ever had the pleasure of using . It is strong , comfortable , and effective and looks good while doing it.If you are on the fence about it , I say jump and buy it . It is $ 8.70 at the time of this review and that is a steal compared to what it will do for you , especially if you are the household dish master .
 I have a love-hate relationship with Oxo 's detergent-dispensing kitchen brushes . Mostly hate . I 've had three of them in the past six years , and they 've often been more trouble than I would like . Detergent oozes out at inconvenient times , the brush heads break down , they 're a nuisance to fill up , and the grip is not optimal . The Oxo Good Grips bottle washer , on the other hand , has become one of life 's guilty pleasures . THAT brush works like a charm ... on just about everything , not just bottles.So when I discovered that Oxo was offering aGood Grips kitchen brush , I grabbed it . I needed something that could apply more pressure than the bottle washer . And does this thing ever perform ! The grip is wonderful , the brush is on a par with the bottle washer and is much better than the detergent-dispensing contraptions , and it is easy to clean itself . In other words , this brush does its job brilliantly and with classic simplicity.This might seem a bit pricey for a mere kitchen brush , but the few dollars extra are worth it to get something with great performance and durability . As for the detergent , I prefer keeping it in the bottle anyway until I actually need it -- not in the brush . There are fewer goopy messes in my kitchen sink that way.This brush is currently underrated by Amazon 's buyers . I expect that it will soon be discovered and will then vault to the top of the bestseller list .
 smooth tranaction glad to find online bed bath and beyond did not have it in my area . will recommend ifanyone needs one ,
 Works as it should . I prefer this type of `` half-moon '' shape , especially ones that wrap around the top a bit . The scraper is nice and wide and flat . The handle is big and comfy .
 Good stiff bristles scrape tough dried/burnt on food without damaging pots or dishes . Long handle gets into coffee pots , vases , etc. better than many kitchen scrubbers . Can be cleaned in dishwasher . Inexpensive . Comfortable grip . Appears to be durable . What 's not to like ?
 Basic brush but way overpriced . I purchased one just like it at the store much cheaper . Check other prices before buying . The actual brush is sturdy and great quality .
 I love these Kitchen Sink Brushes , I have also purchased Several of these Brushes as well . There Great for doing the Dishes . I might go out and purchase a few more from the Amazon 's -LCB- Amazon.com -RCB- .
 It works as expected - sturdy handle , and the bristles do n't seem to get funky .
 A STURDY , COMFORTABLE KITCHEN BRUSH FOR AROUND FIVE DOLLARS . CA N'T BEAT THAT . I REALLY LIKE MOST OXO PRODUCTS . THE DESIGN , MATERIALS AND PRICE ARE ALL SPOT ON . THIS IS ANOTHER WINNER .
 Bought this as a gift and the fact that others highly recommended it . I am not sure if it works good but is cheap and seems to do the job .
 will save a few bucks and pick one up at the dollar store next time : -RRB-
 The reason I purchased this brush is because I hand wash all of my dishes and needed something to get my Mason/Ball jars and other narrow mouthed containers clean . It works fantastically in that capacity . However , like a few other reviewers , I think it 'd be a bit nicer if it had more bristles and/or that the bristles covered more of the brush head because it does leave bits behind every now and then.Not that I 'm complaining . I 'm not . Hand washing dishes can be a pain , and I generally use a sponge to wash mine . The problem with that is sponges tend to get kind of gross if you tackle the wrong substances with them . Like bread dough . Or batter . Now , rather than get my sponge all grody , I just whip this brush out & quickly scrub off all yucky/sticky/dried on food prior to washing the dish with my precious sponge . The yucky/sticky stuff rinses off very , very easily & this brush creates a pretty awesome lather if you use it in conjunction with dish soap.Needless to say , I 've gotten much more use out of it than I anticipated , and I 've come to rely on it where matters of dirty dishes and jars are concerned .
 I have tossed my sponges and use Oxo good grip brushes for household cleaning jobs . I have only had this brush a few days , but find myself using it constantly . It is perfect for cleaning the crud out of the seals in the garbage disposal , cleaning the burners of the stove and the vent hood , and all the other cleaning jobs that require getting into crevices . The brush can be put in the dishwasher , or easily cleaned by hand and soaked in a chlorox solution for a few minutes . This brush cuts my cleaning time in the kitchen by several minutes per task . It is definitely a good value for the price .
 I bought this brush to clean the inside of my thermos-style coffee pot . It is easy to hold and works really well .
 I agree . This is the BEST brush and I too have been searching for it . Please do n't stop making it . I hate the ones with soap in them . This brush is so functional .
 The OXO dish brush does a great job cleaning dirty dishes . It 's comfortable to hold and is durable and sturdy . At a price of around $ 5 , it is a bargain .
 I do n't even get this thing . Today , I picked it up to go at a pan that had rice stuck to the bottom . Was thinking I would need to scrape with something metal . This thing took out most of it.The other part that 's amazing is it does n't get all gunked up or worn down.Huge success here , OXO . Thanks !
 There 's a plastic scraper built into the front tip of this brush , which doubles the usefullness . What can I say , really ... it 's just a kitchen brush . But this is a really good kitchen brush .
 I bought this item in March of 2011 . Almost 2 years later , and with CONSTANT , REGULAR , FREQUENT daily use in our business office kitchen , the bristles have kept their integrity.This is wholly unlike most dish brushes which lose their shape and become annoyingly flat on the side you use the most , thereby rendering the brush USELESS.HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!!!!!!!! The only note for potential buyers is the brush I bought 2 years ago had a completely black handle , not the black/white one shown in the photo , so do n't be shocked if you get something different !
 I 'm not exactly sure why this brush is so different from so many others but it is . It simply works . The trick seems to be to brush relatively lightly and let the bristles do the work . It might be my imagination but I think the bristles are just a bit pointed , or perhaps cut at an angle at the tip so they are `` sharper '' than most brushes . Whatever the engineering is , it works , and after six months of twice daily use the brush simply looks , and works like new . I may buy a few more and just be all set for the next few years , after all , they keep . < G >
 Bought this just to get the 25 dollar free shipping , and am back for another . This is by far the best dish and mug brush I have ever had -LRB- mind you I am not really a kitchen-y type -RRB- . Anyway , I 've had it a couple months now and am impressed after using it to scrub the rings -LRB- that never come off in the dishwasher -RRB- off coffee/tea mugs , cleaning pots , etc. . Usually with other brushes the ends of the bristles get `` mashed '' looking fairly quickly , but this is holding up well - even after my son cleaned mud , spider webs and other debris off an old army helmet with it - -LRB- which is why I am buying another -RRB- .
 I do n't know why this is such a great dish brush , but it is . Seems to remove food almost effortlessly from dishes - even after the dish has sat around for awhile and the food is stuck on . The brush has kept it 's shape .
 Bought this to use on a cast iron pan . Works great to cleaning the cast iron pan with just warm water .
 OXO Good Grips Kitchen Brush arrived in good condition . Larger grippy handle is great , brush cleans items well . Only drawback is that the bristles flattened on the most used area within 4 or 5 months . Guess things can not last forever.Speedy delivery .
 This is a great product to have for water bottles , travel mugs , coffee pots , etc. . It 's got a sturdy handle and the bristles are a nicely firm for cleaning in spots you ca n't get with your hand . I have these for my kitchen , my office -LRB- bowls , water bottles , coffee mugs -RRB- since they work so well . Price on Amazon is great too .
 This is a joy to use ... so glad . . as OXO never fails on things too.It does its job sp easily ... try it!Service great too ... thanks ~ ~
 Had trouble cleaning the inside of my stainless kleankanteen , especially the ridges around the mouth and the bottom of the inside.This thing is going to make my normal round of vinegar and hot water cleaning be much less regular .
 Excellent , long lasting brush . Most supermarket brushes &#34; die &#34; -LRB- bristles go flat -RRB- in no time . These brushes last much longer . They also are comfortable to hold .
 The zadro suction cup mirror is ideal for traveling . I will make my adjustments . I bought a regular mirror -LRB- no magnifying -RRB- and take duct tape to attach it to the side I will be using , that way when traveling I can see the back of my hair while styling . The other advantage is the magnifying makes it easy to apply makeup , pluck eyebrows , nose hairs , hairs around mouth . I only wished they had a clip on non-magnifying mirror included than I would not have to make my own .
 I am very happy with the product and the purchase price I received from Amazon . I just had cataracts removed and I could not even see to apply my eye make-up . Thank you !!!
 This is the best suction cup magnifing mirror ! Do n't be discouraged by pass ones you may have purchased that fell off your mirror -LRB- usually in the middle of the night ... go figure ! -RRB- Anyway , I have bought several as gifts and everyone loves it . Just to add , Everyone should own one , better you see it first before someone else does !
 My cousin gave me one of these as part of a present . She loves hers and knew I would love one too ! Her sister gave it to her . She found out about it from the teachers she works with ... we all love it ! Now my electrolysis lady wants some for her studio . Use it and love it !
 i love this mirror , i can see much better to put on my makeup , so glad i bought it , i am going to order a couple more for my sisters for christmas gifts , they used mine and loved it ,
 THE SUCTION CUPS WOULD NOT HOLD ON ANY SURFACE , SO HAD TO SCREW THE UNIT TO THE WALL . BUT THE MIRRORS ARE JUST WHAT I WANTED ! -LRB- it 's true
 I ordered this and it came in a timely manner.This is the best magnified mirror on the market for the money.I would recommend it for everyone .
 I can now see to put my makeup on again ! I would recommend this mirror to everyone !
 I am very impressed by not only the mirror quality , but by the strength of the suction cups . The mirror is very powerful - I can see a little too much on my face ! :o-RRB- It has made applying makeup very easy for me as I am quite far sighted and have a hard time seeing what I am doing in a regular mirror .
 Product was just what was described , and arrived promptly , even at the beginning of Christmas season ! The magnification on the mirrors was incredible . Thank you !
 I bought this to massage my scalp and I ca n't help but feel like I 'm not using it correctly . It 's difficult to rub my scalp with and I keep accidentally poking myself in the eye with it . I also used it to massage my jaw after eating too much beef jerky and for some reason it made me feel a little bit gay . My wife however seems to absolutely love this , which is interesting because she 's never mentioned having any scalp issues before . I do notice that after she uses it , the massage wand is usually all slippery , so she must have a very oily scalp , that may be why it works better for her . I guess I 'll keep looking for a massager for men with dry scalps , but if you 're a woman with an oily scalp this thing is apparently great .
 this product was much better than the mini mite massager i bought . the jelly is a nice texture and its an enjoyable size . the only thing is that it claims to have multi levels of vibration but doesnt , it has only one , which i dont find to be quite strong enough . it is very quiet though and battery efficient . over all i like it alot .
 I was happy with how well this worked on my wife . I have tried other similar products to a great deal of satisfaction and my wife was happy with the feelings she received from this device . It was soft and yet firm enough for her to use .
 According to the user of this item
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I got it because it was cheap and heck why not . I went from a 48inch around the stomach to 35inches by taking these pills as directed , working out 4 times a week -LRB- 45-60min at a time -RRB- and eating more veggies -LRB- but still having some sweets regardless . Have n't taken them in a while but also have n't seen much of an increase in my stomach girth , which is nice .
 I bought these pills completely unsure about whether or not they would work . After taking them for about 12 days , I lost 6 pounds ! It all came from my mid-section . INCHES were gone ! I have had to deal with some extremely stressful events over the last 2 years and had acquired inches of fat JUST around my stomach , to the point where I looked completely disproportional . It was beginning to get to the point where I knew this was no longer healty . NOTHING had made me lose a pound before this . I actually cut down to 700 calories per day and went to the gym 3 times a week and I lost maybe 2 pounds over a month . I have been taking these pills a couple times a day and not even changed my normal routine . I have been having 3 sensible meals per day and been active at least twice a week , which is normal for me . It is like day and night . The pounds still seem to be coming off and I hope to reach my target wait in a couple months ! : -RRB-
 I bought a bottle of Cortizyne thinking `` What the heck , it 's only -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks '' but when I took it , along with a low fat diet and some exercise , my stubborn belly fat started shrinking away ! I 'm not kidding , this belly fat , which has n't budged in 6 years , was disappearing before my eyes ! Anyway , I would recommend this product to anyone , plus it has a feel good effect .
 I took the capsules every time I ate meals . I took 1 with smaller meals and 2 with bigger meals . I noticed that my metabolism increased . I lost fat directly from my belly and I barely exercised as much as I used to . I did 100 jumping jacks every OTHER day , and tried to do pull-ups on a pull up bar after i did the 100 jumping jacks . I went from just hanging there pitifully to being able to pull myself up and then eventually graduated to doing 5 pull-ups & more . The combination of all of these things helped whereas , when I worked out without taking any pills I saw barely any results . I used to run like a fool on the treadmill -LRB- nothing against treadmills -RRB- only to sweat and be drained of energy . With these pills I have energy , not jitters , no acid reflux , no stomach problems and throat dryness . I have Gastropharyngeal reflux issues so it was important for me to have something that would n't aggravate this . I just made sure to take my nexium in the morning and I was good . I took the pills with my meals always . I also drank a lot of water . In about a months time my stomach slimmed down and I stated to see a 2 pack . In about 6 weeks i saw a four pack . I am working on the last pack lol . I recommend this product . I will always keep this available . I keep a few in my pillbox , purse , and my pockets . I try to remember to pop em in whenever i eat meals , especially fatty meals that i ca n't avoid eating . It really worked for me . Just keep in mind that your metabolism will increase which means you may want to eat more . . I handled this by eating nutrigrain bars and whenever i could n't find something healthy to eat , I ate apples and drank water whenever I got hungry . I still had fatty foods occasionally but i saw results despite that . That is what really surprised me the most . I did not take the pills within hours of bedtime . This product worked for me . Good luck with your fitness and health goals . Thanks.I also suggest taking ALLi if all you have around you are fatty foods because although ALLI does n't help you burn fat like Cortizyne does , it helps when you have no choice but to eat fatty meals.Alli Weight-Loss Aid , Orlistat 60mg Capsules , 90-Count Starter Pack
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I was introduced to this product in the hospital when I had back surgery . I used it a home and found it to be the most awesome clean smelling product I had ever found . And , it eleminated odors with one spray not a cover up . I 've supplied friends and family with this product . I ca n't say enought about it .
 This is an excellent product for odors that I have used in my medical practice and home for a number of years.It is concentrated and a single spray will neutralize offensive odors in a room . I highly recommend.Medi-aire Biological Odor Eliminator - 1 Oz Spray - Fresh Air Scent - Bottle
 I have used this product before and know it works great !! I have recommended this product to many people . It really works !! Thank you !
 I was introduced to this product while visitng a friend in the hospital . Was amazaed at effeciency produced by just a little spay into the air.At home we are blessed to have multiple bathrooms . Durning vacations on land or by sea I would not want to travel without Medi-aire . Why ? Odors just happen . But Medi-aire ELIMINATES odors quickly and efficently . The 8oz refiller bottle may look small but it is mighty . Just one tiny pump does awy with unwanted odors leaving a mild scent .
 I loathe perfumey or floral or cloying air fresheners that just add stink upon the stink you are trying to eliminate . While working in the medical field , I ran across this product and have used it ever since . Might be a bit more expensive than the obnoxius , cheap stuff you get at the store , but this stuff WORKS ... one little squirt usually does it . Smells clean - like soap ... and then you smell NOTHING - no bad odor , no overbearing air freshener smell . I have used in the litterbox area , after cooking fish , etc. and it is great . Weirdly enough , have given it as a GIFT and people rave . Seriously good stuff !
 One side effect from my gastric bypass is really , really stinky poop and farts . This stuff is great ! Three or four squirts and I am left with a very pleasant scent as opposed to ... well , you know .
 This product is the only one that I have found to eliminate litter box smells . It is fast and cleans the air after the second spritz .
 I 've never tried to wax my legs by myself before and it was a pleasant surprise when I used this product . All hair came out in just one pull and yes , it did hurt but not as bad as some other brand ready to use wax strips . I like the smell very much and the clean up is easy when done with a wet cloth . The hair took more than 4 weeks to grow back . I 'll never use a razor again .
 I have lot of experience in hair removing waxes . I had tryed some in USA , that are terrible ! Finally I found this one and I can say , that 's comparable with those in Europe . Very good .
 This is the best waxing kit ever . I 've used it ever since it came out and wax all areas -LRB- except head -RRB- with it . It 's great!The wax gets warm very quickly -LRB- only 15 seconds so be careful not to leave it too long -RRB- and stays soft for a long time , so you do n't have to keep it in a pot of warm water or anything so it does n't get hard.It 's also cheap because depending on how much you wax , the tube can last you for a long time . You do n't even have to buy new strips , just rinse the used ones with hot water and hang to dry . A box costs $ 8 - $ 10 while going to the salon can cost you maybe $ 20 for only one area -LRB- armpits/legs -RRB- . If you have some troubles using this , I do n't know what to say . I 'm a clumsy person so if even I can do it then anyone should be able to .
 I just used this for the first time and I 'm very happy with the results . I 've tried other waxes and have even made my own but decided to try this wax because it was very reasonably priced . I liked the fact that you can cut the strips to use on your face or leave them whole for larger areas such as arms or legs . I just finished my upper lip area and forearms -LRB- I am brunette with noticeable hair on my arms -RRB- and they are baby smooth . I did have some red dots on my arms right after I pulled the strips off but just half an hour later they are almost gone . That happens to me anyway no matter what type of wax I use because the skin is delicate and you really are ripping each hair out at the root . But that is the price to pay if you want long lasting smoothness . I found this at a `` big box store '' and I 'm hoping it is n't discontinued because I would buy it again . I have allergies and could n't smell the scent of it but I do n't really care what it smells like since I use it just before showering anyway . Wish I could find more of the strips to buy as replacements for when I run out .
 i mainly used it on my legs so your hair has to be longer than the average stubble or else it wont work but all in all its pretty good . takes off most of the hair just make sure you do it evenly because i didnt and now im stuck with patches of hair that i keep having to go back and remove . my skin got some red bumps but it went away after a day . its been a week or two now and my hair still hasnt grown back which is very exciting and i think its worth it because i hate shaving . This product smells good but i wish it came with more applicators and more cloth strips because i need to get more now .
 When I can no longer buy it in the store , it is so nice to still be able to get it .
 Yeah I wrote nair about them no longer making this product . What a shame . Strong enough for coarse hair , and still washes off with water . Ca n't get any better -LRB- but the smell sucked-wish it was like it used to be without scent-but then again they do n't make that either -RRB- . When will companies learn ? Now I have to go somewhere else . Thanks Nair ! Idiots .
 I have written a similar review before and have to say this is the best wax product I have tried and I have tried many ! The wax consistency is light and silky , it smells great , it is gentle on the skin , yet incredibly effective . I can not understand why Nair and other companies keep making those ready-to-use strips that do not work . This is the closest to salon quality .
 I have been using this product every since it came out many years ago . It works beautifully , the residue washes off , there is very little irritation -LRB- you are pulling hairs after all ! -RRB- and I 've had no secondary skin reactions . Everything else I have used was n't effective in removing hair or caused one problem or another . When my local -LRB- world 's largest retail -RRB- store stopped carrying it , I panicked , but Amazon came to the rescue !
 This was so great , can be used again and again , just warm it up in the microwave , so much better than the really pricey cold wax strips which most of the time do n't work properly anyway because they 've been kept in the store shelves for too long ! Go for this !
 Just want to let you know that I have been a Nad 's user since it came out in the mid 1990 's . I used it on myself as well as my fiance , mom , nieces and friends . Only recently did my friend -LRB- who I used Nad 's on -RRB- tell me about your peach melon sugar wax . I was very skeptical since I have sensitive skin and the word `` Nair '' means `` irritating and smelly chemicals '' . She assured me over and over how wonderful your melon wax was . -LRB- She found it when she could n't afford to buy the Nad 's since Nad 's is usually $ 20.00 a jar ! -RRB- I bought it the other day and used it on my fiance , mom and myself AND LOVED IT ! I could n't get over how wonderful it was ! I love the smell , the effective hair removal , and the fact that it is sugar-based and water-soluable - just like Nad 's only much less expensive , smells wonderful and is a absolute easy , pleasure to use ! I threw out the rest of my Nad 's . I never thought I 'd say this , but for me , it 's only Nair from now on . PLEASE DO N'T DISCONTINUE THIS PRODUCT . I LOVE IT !
 But its a little harder to use on the thicker , shorter hairs . I use it only on my upper lip and I have noticed a couple of thicker , stubborn hairs take a little extra time before they come out . I now just pluck them out if they 're the only ones left after I wax . Otherwise , I have no problems with this product .
 This is a very great product ... And very cheap ... The best part was the shipment ... very fast highly recommended to all !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I have been taking Liv-a-Tox for 5 years - every time I quit for a while I notice more pain -LRB- have Rheumatoid Arthritis -RRB- and tiredness . I noticed a huge lift when I first used it - I took 3 tablets before going to an amusement park - I had tons of energy all day , less pain , and had a great time . Normally I would be dragging doing something like that . Since then , I use it to lift my energy - 2 per day in the morning . This does n't make me nauseated if I take on an empty stomach either . I 'm sure it is really helping my liver detox and regenerate as well - without all the detox symptoms . I love this product !
 This is a great lip balm with no scent or flavor , other then a slight beeswaxy aroma that disappears shortly after application . The formula itself is more ` waxy ' then ` slick ' , but in no way does it ever feel like this heavily coats my lips . The balm partially sinks into my lips , and partially remains on top to continue moisturizing . I find it a wonderful texture to apply underneath my more drying lipsticks , and when I apply this overnight I find it is still there when I wake up in the morning . Long lasting moisture , and stays put . Perfect !
 This is by far the BEST thing for cleaning hard water stains . I have very hard water and have never found anything to completely clean the stains they make . This cleaner got out every stain without scrubbing . It even took out the stains under the water in the toilet . Awesome product .
 I was getting these vitamins from a doctor , but they are cheaper online . They arrived in two days and they also have a regular shipment option .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 I ordered these Tuffsak 15 Count 55 Gallon Contractor Drum Liners but instead I received black Ruffies Pro brand 55 Gallon Contractor Drum Liners.The dimensions , thickness and quantity were the same as the Tuffsak bags and according to the box the Ruffies bags are made in the USA . So far they seem very durable , as you would expect from a 3 mil -LRB- 0.0762 mm -RRB- thick bag . Long , paper-coated twist ties were included .
 This is a wonderful product , but it is Dec. 24 and I ordered it on Nov 24 but have not received it yet . It is still back-ordered . I still want it , but why does it take so long ? Carlson 's is a nationally known , high quality company .
 Nobody likes washing dishes , and as far as I 'm concerned , anything that makes it a little easier and less of a chore is well worth the money . I 've used variations of soap dispensing sponge brushes for years now , and they 've become a requirement for doing dishes . No more getting your hands filthy doing the dishes , the handle keeps you a safe distance from the week old salmon soup you 're trying to scrub out of your pot , all the while dispensing the right amount of soap to cut through the grease.My only complain with these has been that I always get the cheap ones and then find I can never find replacement sponges . Buying a larger brand like the OXO Good Grips solved that , though I would still recommend stocking up on sponges , as I go through about one every other week .
 It breaks easily so if you really are attached to the oxo sponge brush , buy a few ... the plastic piece that holds the sponge onto the handle is fragile . Just buy more than one and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 We have been using Febreze but like this product much better for several reasons : Costs LessEnvironmentally FriendlySmells GreatEasy to get from Amazon.com!Smell is light and not overbearing . The hint of mint is very soothing and my husband even noticed and liked it .
 This product is great . It smells wonderful and lasts just as long as the top market brand . Plus it is better for my home and it is earth friendly .
 A + + + + + + + + , Prompt Delivery . Will order again . Far superior than Fabreeze and cheaper in price .
 It smells wonderful and works as well , if not better , than other fabric refreshers I 've tried . I keep one in my desk at the office and use it at home .
 I love the clean fresh scent this leaves behind . It is n't too strong and I love the fact that it is all natural ! The smell does n't last as long as febreeze , but knowing this is better for our living environment it 's worth the sacrifice .
 I 've found this OXO Scrub Brush to be a great and easy to use tool for cleaning plates , bowls , pots and pans . It is gentle enough to use on nonstick surfaces but tough enough to remove stuck-on food.I have n't had the durability or easy-of-use problems other users have complained about . The sponge/scrubber does wear out after about 3 months of heavy usage . Fortunately , you can get refill sponges at a low cost -- and the utility of this scrubber is definitely well worth it.I recommend using a 50/50 mix of dishwashing soap and water for optimal performance
 I have to disagree with the other reviewers - I actually love this product . I have n't had any problems with durability , even with two teenage girls that help with dishwashing . I 've had mine for 2 years , and just bought another one for an elderly relative who has difficulty with her hands . I would love to see the replacement sponges in grocery stores , etc - having to track them down is really my only complaint about this product .
 Its a lot cheaper to buy the replacement blade than to buy a new squeege and it works like you bought it brand new .
 just what I needed without buying the entire squeegee again!thanks !! Great price too - I will definitely shop with you again !
 I can not find this in my area . I have a good squeegee and this rubber replacement blade fits my handle perfectly .
 I 've used my 10 year Ettore 18 &#34; squeegee for 10 years ; mostly for the shower stall but also for cleaning the outside windows every year . The blade was going bad ; I tried to clean it to no avail . The squeegee itself was not available through Amazon and the local box stores did n't carry it either but luckily Amazon stocked the replacement blade . I 'm good to go for another 10 years .
 works fine as advertised I liked it fine Why I have to leave all these words is a chore . I liked it OK !!!!!
 The directions are printed on the cardboard label , and all you have to do is follow them . Be sure you pull out the old rubber -LRB- pliers works well -RRB- and then save the little brass keepers on the ends . Those keepers are essential to getting the new blade to fit properly . The result is a new-like squeegee .
 Ettore squeegees and blades continue to be the fastest and best way to clean windows on my house , shower doors , and car . I 'm so glad I discovered them years ago and have enjoyed their quality , hard working and time saving products .
 I 'm sensitive to mint and cinnamon -LRB- causes gum irritation and even cankor sores -RRB- so finding toothpaste and floss that does n't irritate me is a nightmare . I love this citrus flavor floss . The flavored coating cleans better than unflavored floss -- it seems to grab more plaque . I had fewer 4 and 5 's at my last cleaning -- mostly 3 's now !! My hygienist noticed the improvement and said to keep doing what I 'm doing . My local drugstores no longer carry this flavor , so I 'm glad it 's on Amazon !!
 I have such bushy man brows that for years I used a razor instead of tweezing . There are so many rave reviews of Tweezerman on MUA that I thought I 'd give it a try , despite the price.I 'm glad I did.I started with the slant tweezers , but I now prefer the point because of their ability to pick up the most microscopic hairs , visible only in my 15X magnifying mirror . I 'd tried using other , cheaper tweezers before -LRB- most notably from Revlon -RRB- and there 's just no comparison . The other brands are a joke!For first-time tweezer users , I 'd recommend using a magnifying mirror , preferably one that stands up on its own . Pick a location with strong light , preferably in daylight near a window . Grip the hair with the tweezer points close to the root . With your other hand , place a finger flat on the skin near the hair to keep the skin from getting `` pulled . '' It 's also less painful this way . With a firm grip , yank the hair -- fast -- in the direction of its growth . Repeat as needed . Go slowly and do occasional mirror checks -LRB- or even better , use a web cam -RRB- to make sure your brows remain even . Be careful not to over-tweeze -- this product works well and its easy to get overly enthusiastic if you 're not careful ! If you have a lot to tweeze -LRB- as I do -RRB- you may want to apply a drop of moisturizer to your skin afterwards.Tweezerman also offers free sharpening -LRB- you pay for postage -RRB- .
 This is my second pair of Tweezerman tweezers and I love them !! They are excellent for tweezing those little tiny stibborn brow hairs !!
 This tweezer is great quality . It works well with facial hair and I would recommend it !
 This Tweezerman point embodies the perfect point design . Its finely pointed , rigid design grasps exceedingly well.I have a number of the far more expensive Rubis tweezers , but they are far too delicate and lack the grasping ability of the Tweezerman.Just ask the man -LRB- or woman -RRB- who owns one ! These Tweezerman tweezers are # 1 .
 I am going to buy a couple more of these they are awesome and top quality .
 These tweezers are perfect for anything or anyone . I like how I am able to mail back to tweezerman to get them sharpened for free .
 The tips are very sharp and delicate , they are able to remove certain things -LRB- ahem -RRB- which are attempting to emerge in your facial area before other people even aware of those certain things . I use mine with a magnifiying mirror and sufficient light . DO NOT DROP THEM or you will ruin them , and much like buttered toast -LRB- though I know Mythbusters busted that -RRB- , they will invariably land point down and then you must buy another pair . You may want to buy two pair just in case you are a klutz like me.These tweezers are a fine and delicate tool and must be treated as such .
 I grew up using cheap slant tweezers for grooming brows . I rarely bothered . Until I hit my middle years and then , well , I wanted better groomed brows . I invested in a pair of Tweezerman points and never looked back . Now that I 'm older and have sparse eyebrows , i do n't need to pluck a lot , but I still buy these when they need to be replaced -LRB- or the Rubis point , also good -RRB- to take care of the excess hair that seems to show up at menopause . I may not have bushy eyebrows , but these help me pluck the slightest hairs and ingrown hairs and keep my browline very neat . I even use them on facial hairs -LRB- forehead , temple , upper lip -RRB- . Good quality . And if you use one of those high magnification mirrors , you can end up with a really clean look around the eyes that makes you look BETTER . Shaped eyebrows make such a difference.Note that if you have shaky hands , this is not the one for you . The point is sharp and you have to be CAREFUL.Enjoy .
 Ca n't go wrong with Tweezerman . My favorite tweezers . Stays sharp and accurate . I ordered three different ones in one order . They came from three different places with one shipping charge .
 I 've been using these tweezers for years . I had bent my old ones and purchased a new pair . Yes , they are pointy at the end , so be careful , but It 's great for slivers , eyebrows and whatever else you need them for . I use these tweezers more than my slant tweezers .
 You ever see those guys who look like they have a shrub growing out of their earhole ? Well , these tweezers can prevent that nasty . Do it by feel daily and you wo n't look like someone poured Miracle Grow in your ear .
 I read lots of the reviews posted about this product before ordering it and it certainly lives up to what everyone said . I 'm very pleased with this product and I 'm sure I 'll enjoy it for years to come .
 These tweezers are perfect . They have a needle point that can dig out splinters if needed or remove the finest hairs , even if the hair has broken off on a previous attempt to remove .
 This was actually a replacement tweezer for my first aid kit since my darling child always happen to get a splinter or two under her skin almost every week . Since it is so sharp , I leave the cap on . I 've been using tweezerman for more than tens years and will continue using them . Other than Rubis tweezers , these are the best in quality and durablity . The reason why I had to replace the tweezers was because my first aid kit was `` borrowed '' and never returned again along with my trusty tweezers . For more than ten years , that tweezer never had to be sharpened so I ca n't really rate on the FREE SHARPENING SERVICE and guarantee . Kudos also to Amazon for the quick service and delivery !
 I 've used Tweezerman tweezers for years so this was just a replacement . The quality was excellent and I would highly recommend these tweezers to everyone . The price at Amazon was great too !
 Tweezerman is still a quality namebrand in personal care tools , and priced better at Amazon than drugstores . do n't forget to sterilize these before using , the points are sharp enough for minor cosmetic surgery .
 I bought these a little over a month ago along with some Liquid Magnesium.IMO , Carlson is one of the better vitamin vendors . Only one minor issue withthese vitamins and the Magnesium - large pills . Lots of liquid washes themdown most of the time . Other than this , I have no complaints .
 I have been a longtime customer of ` My Lip Stuff ' and have to rave about all her great lip balms and products . I have over 30 of her lip balms and they all have wonderful texture and my lips have never been healthier or smoother . All the scents are accurate , especially once you put it on , it releases all the nuances of each flavor ... I also have used her linen spray , whipped body lotion and the body butter stick and it 's all wonderful ! Try everything , you will like it for sure !
 I have Lemonade Ice Cream , Gummy Bear , and Banana Cheesecake . My little girl love 's these as much as I do , the first one we choose to try was Gummy Bear and she said it is like I am eating them . To be honest it was like you were eating them . The smell is n't faint at all and the scents are true to their names . Also the other scents were great also . I really liked the Lemonade Ice Cream a lot . It has started to get cold were I live again so this was perfect to try out for the moisturizer part of the products . I was really happy with the softness of my lips after using the products plus it worked on my kids too . These would make a great basket stuffer for Easter or stocking stuffer and just to simply by for your little girl or yourself . You will love the texture of these products and how well they soften your lips .
 First I would like to say I am a Carmex person and rarely use anything else . But I would definitely recommend My Lip Stuff to others!I saw how many flavors it came in and instantly wanted to try some to see if it lived up to their flavor-claims . I ordered Pumpkin Pie , and I was instantly impressed . Some flavored lip balms do n't taste exactly like their flavor , or taste &#34; processed &#34; or &#34; fake . &#34; My Lip Stuff taste EXACTLY like it 's flavor . I 'm very impressed.My shipment came on time . The receipt had a little &#34; thank you &#34; and smiley face on it -LRB- which was very cute -RRB- . The balm was wrapped up in a little cellophane baggie with a ribbon on it -LRB- great presentation -RRB- . The balm goes on super smoothly and does n't leave a whitish residue like some others do.I will still use my Carmex , but I 'm beginning to love My Lip Stuff too ! I will be ordering another one when this runs out .
 I purchased three of the chapsticks -- one for myself and the other two as a gift . I immediately opened mine once I got it in the mail and the reviews I read before were right
 So far I have about 30 of her balms , and 1 Body Butter Stick . They are all fabulous ! The balms are smooth and leave a subtle shine on your lips . The scents are very true to their names . My favorites are probably Margarita , Coconut Lemongrass , and Brown Sugar and Cinnamon . I 've reccommended My Lip Stuff to all my friends , and I highly reccommend it to you !
 I love all the flavored I purchased and was thrilled that it did n't feel dry on my already dry lips !
 The balm melts a bit when applied , coats without too much effort and leaves a shine but is n't too heavy but you can feel it there and the scent lingers for just a few minutes too.Some of the scents are n't as strong as others but they 're pretty true to their name :-RRB- Dessert/creamy ones tend to be `` weaker '' and citrus/tangy ones are stronger . My favorites -LRB- I 'm a fruity/tangy lover -RRB- are midori and gummy bear .
 Very good product ! This smells good and feels very soft on your lips . I would buy one in every flavor !
 Now , I love coffee , coffee flavored things and coffee scented things . This is none of the above . The reason I 'm not sending it back is because it is an awesome lip balm in general.update
 I read the reviews for this while I was looking for a specific flavor -LRB- red velvet cake -RRB- for a gift . And I was sold . I bought the Red Velvet as well as Blueberry cheesecake , chai , pecan pie and zombie . I love these . They go on so smooth and they 're shiny enough that people think I 'm wearing gloss!It came in a little box , in just a couple days , and they sent pens and cards and other fun stuff!I have really sensitive skin and this stuff does n't bother me at all . In fact , I was recently sick with a cold and my nose got really raw from blowing it . I actually put some of the pecan pie one on my nose , -LRB- I was sick ! -RRB- not only did it smell great but the next day my nose was n't raw at ALL.They really do use all natural oils , which I love . Gon na order more soon . There are 400 flavors , hard to pick just one !
 You have to try this flavor !! It is one of my favorites in the Lip Stuff Line . I have ordered multiple flavors and this one is one of my favorites so far ! 1 I hope to try them all some day !!
 I ordered the Strawberry Cheesecake Ala Mode flavor from this vendor and was pleasantly surprised with an extra stick of the Angel Food Cake balm . The seller was incredibly communicative and pleasant to talk with , and the product is fantastic . The balms are very moisturizing and smell fabulous . The Strawberry Cheesecake is my favorite ^_^
 I love this chap stick , it has to be my favorite!The scent I got was Nighttime and it really does remind me of Nighttime !
 Tried Pumpkin Pie and Strawberry Daquiri and both are incredibly moisturizing and smell great !
 Goes on smooth and lasts for a long time . I bought several different flavors of Lip Stuff , and I 'm happy with every single one of them !
 I have had other soap dispensing palm brushes but this is the best made and most user friendly ! Will be using this one from now on .
 This little tool is just simple and to the point . It does exactly what you 'd expect it to do and the bristles on the brush are hard enough to actually scrub off hardened food . I would have given it 5 stars , but everytime I fill up the brush with soap and screw on the rubber cap , some of the soap squirts out so I feel like it 's not quite perfect .
 I love it . Very easy to use . Just fill it with dishsoap and use when you want to wash a pan or dish without have to put it in the dishwasher .
 It is very convenient . I can store my dish soap in the cabinet instead of putting on the counter top since i have this brush . Very good product .
 A nice passive aggressive way to say , `` hey dinkleface , get your mac and cheese encrusted pot out of the sink . ''
 The spring in pump-top of my Crate and Barrel bought brush broke so I ordered this . These bristles are stiffer than my old setup , plus my old one was the stainless steel model . I kept the new cap for my old brush and tossed the rest of this one .
 Great product . It makes washing dishes so much easier . It is especially helpful with greasy items - pots and pans , in particular . I also use it -LRB- without the soap -RRB- to wipe off plates before putting them in the dishwasher.The only downside about this product is that a lot of soap comes out . I wish that there was more control over that . But , it 's really it is n't that big of a deal .
 This sturdy brush is just the thing for preparing dishes for the dishwasher or -LRB- heaven forbid -RRB- washing dishes by hand . The grip is indeed good , as advertised and the bristles are stiff and easy to clear . You keep dish soap -LRB- Dawn is a perreniel favorite of mine -RRB- in the top and you can push the button to make it come out . Sometimes it leaks but not very much and not very often.This brush often seems to be in short supply at home stores , but I always buy the entire stock and give them as gifts . Several people have specifically mentioned that this little brush became an indispensible part of their kitchen .
 Let 's face it ! Who does n't have to do the dishes ? I think it 's safe to say that each and every one of us has to do the dishes at some point . The main point I 'd like to emphasize is the quality of this product . I 've had a SIMILAR product for over a year that my mom bought for me , but you know what ? It 's almost impossible to get the thing to dispense soap . Sure , you can put soap into it , but trying to get the soap to come out of the bottom is near impossible . Then I found this product , and it is so much easier to dispense soap from , and therefore more effective . For every line of products on the market , there are always varying degrees of quality . This is true even with dish scrubbing devices , and this particular scrubber brush is oh so high in quality . Trust me , and treat yourself to one .
 This is absolutely the best product of this type that I 've owned . Try it , you will love it too !
 I love all of Oxo products and this little dish scrubber does not disappoint . It is really sturdy and holds the dish soap in without it leaking . It looks much nicer than a sponge or long dish brush and holds up really well . It also fits really well in your hand and feels comfortable while you are using it . I have been using it for over 6 months now and it is still in great shape , would highly recommend !
 I loved the 1st generation scrubber with the stationary head . It was the perfect size , the bristles get into every nook and cranny , and it 's much more effective than the cheaper brands . The only negative ? When the bristles wore down due to constant use , I had to get a whole new scrubber . Not very sustainable , I thought . Then I discovered the scrubber with the replacement heads . Thought I 'd found the perfect scrubber . Until the head started falling off . It does n't actually screw on , it 's more like an itty bitty twist , and it does n't lock in . Therefore , anytime I scrub in a circular motion -LRB- about 95 % of the time -RRB- the head slips off . Come on , OXO , your products are great . Surely you 've had this happen to your design engineers , right ? My sisters mentioned they 'd had the same problem and I see other reviewers have too . A slight design tweak would make this the perfect scrubber !
 These OXO good grips line have really been a godsend . They have made cleaning up nasty dishes a million times easier.The soap dispensing handles are solid and easy to use . The buttons to dispense the soap are in easy to reach places and they hold enough for about a month 's worth of cleaning . Refilling takes about 30 seconds and is usually done without spilling a drop . I have had one handle that had the rubber button get a hole in it , but that may have been feline caused as one of our cats love to gnaw on rubbery things.The brushes are also long lasting and do a great job of removing food . I am pretty rough on them when cleaning our cast iron grill and they still last about 6 months before giving in . Changing them takes about 30 seconds as well.Really ingenious product . Time saver.Highly Recommended .
 I 've bought several of these for use at home and at various work kitchens . It is such a useful little guy to have around when you just need to quickly scrub a plate or fork and do n't want to get your hands wet/dirty . Obviously , it 's not great for bottles or deep glasses where you would need a bottle brush . I tend to use more dish soap when using this than if I used a sponge.I highly recommend this for every kitchen , especially work kitchens .
 This is great !! I have had another brand and it was no wear near the quality of this . I recommened this to everyone .
 I have truly enjoyed my little scrubber . Unfortunately , it does leak like crazy now , but I 'm ordering another since I like this one so much .
 Back to order another ! Nuff said !
 A friend told us about this wonderful time saver . I added a little glass bowl next to the faucet so I could keep the bristles down -LRB- eliminates having to rotate it every time you pick it up -RRB- . A storm related power surge took out the dishwasher last Winter , and since using this I never felt the need to replace the dishwasher . It 's much easier to wash the dishes in small batches instead of loading up the dishwasher . You just press the top when you need more suds . The reservoir holds enough dish soap that you do n't have to refill it very often.I do n't use this as a `` scrubbing '' brush . I use it to clean normal dishes . It does an excellent job of distributing soap and whisking away food particles . A scrubbing pad is better suited for baked-on problems.The best part is we do n't have to worry about power outages disrupting our dish washing anymore .
 So far , so good . The lid is very tightly screwed on . The bristles , so far , are holding their own . I 've only owned it a week , but with available replacements , I 'm not too worried about them bending/breaking super early on.The button to release the soap is very sensitive . It 's very hard to release just the tiniest of soap . I ordered this to not actually clean dishes , but clean out my pedestal sink as the bowl is rounded and oval and very hard to clean with a traditional brush . I 'm two washings in and very happy .
 This is my 3rd time purchase of this type of product for ease of pre washfor dishes i put in the dishwasher . Easy to fill and super for cleaning.Only wish it had a flat bottom to sit up right on kitchen sink .
 I have gained a respect for OXO products . They usually offer a quality , well designed product and this brush is no exception ... works great ! It does n't leak and does a wonderful job of removing fried residue from my stainless steel frying pans . You may want to order a couple replement brushes . It 's not a design fault , they just wear out over time . Great product .
 Works great.Quality brush cleans well and is easy on finishes.Quick , clean refill . . lid stays closed and does not leak.Recommend
 This is the best soap dispensing brush out there-I 've tried them all . The others often fall apart or the rubber top is too thin to be able to press it effectively . Just do n't put it in the dishwasher . I put the brush part in and it would n't stay attached after so I found replacement brushes on here . Oxo products , in general , are far superior . They may be more expensive but not by much and the price on the smaller items -LRB- this brush , carrot scraper , etc. -RRB- is maybe a dollar more so go wild and spend that extra buck-you wo n't have to replace the item for years .
 I 've been using this little brush for about a year and it 's been great . I 'm a fan of these small-sized palm brushes , which are easier to control with soapy hands than their long-handled cousins.The replaceable brush head is nice since I can easily remove it and run it through the dishwasher when I feel it needs a thorough sanitization . I have not had to buy a new brush head even after a year of daily use . And the brush has never accidentally fallen off during use as some other reviewers have reported.I only have 2 minor complaints :1 . The black , screw-on cap is sometimes difficult to remove . I may have accidentally overtightened it when I put it on the last time or maybe it got tighter while I was scrubbing dishes . Luckily the black cap is rubberized and so drying it and my hands provides a good enough grip to unscrew it .2 . Soap is not always dispensed when the button is pushed . I would estimate this happens 1 out of 10 button pushes.The soap dispensing function works well for the most part . Dish soap will frequently get trapped in the bristles -- especially when the brush is not held perfectly vertical . This alone would not be a problem -LRB- since soap in the bristles works fine -RRB- but when combined with complaint # 2 above I found that I would constantly have to flip the brush upside down to see if soap was dispensed . To alleviate this problem I like to mix dish soap and water in approximately a 1:1 ratio in the brush so that the soap is less viscous and will shoot out of the brush easier and not get caught in the bristles . If I do n't see soap shoot out when I push the button , I just push it again.Soap has never leaked from the brush when not in use .
 I love this brush . I had one , ordered another plus replacement bristles . The product arrived fast , just as ordered , I would recommend this anyone and would definitely order again .
 I recently bought oxo bottle cleaner brush and decided to buy this too since i was so happy with the results . This thing works great . I do n't have a dishwasher so this things works great for cleaning my pots and pans .
 I bought this hoping it would save my nails when washing certain items that needed harder scrubbing than a dishcloth can do . It fits in my hand easily and does the exact job I need it to do . I saw some staining on the bristles from tomato sauce left in pan but luckily it washed/rinsed out by the time I was finished with those dishes . It is easy to fill with soap but unless I am really mindful how hard I squeeze the top - I feel like too much soap can be dispensed . All in all , I am happy with this item .
 Awsome , I know its just to wash the dishes but works great and cant find anything like it in stores -LRB- that doesnt break after a day or two -RRB-
 This brush is a very useful and inexpensive kitchen tool . It works especially well on pots and pans . A friend of mine saw the brush and immediately went home and ordered one from Amazon for herself . She loves it . I use my brush everyday and I 'm very satisfied with it .
 I 'll preface by saying I did n't by this oxo palm brush on Amazon , but at Target . It is an amazing , solidly designed little gem that does n't leak soap like some other brands and shoots a little squirt of soap on command . It actually makes washing dishes a little fun . This is much better and faster than grabbing a bottle of soap and putting it on a brush repeatedly during a dish washing session.The fact that the brush itself is replaceable is a nice touch too .
 I have purchased similar products of the Squirting Palm Brush and was very disappointed in them . With OXO you will find it doesnt leak like the cheaper ones , and doesnt lose its brittles ... its awesome and I use mine EVERYDAY for dishes and pots and pans !!
 Before buying this brush used dishes and pots would languish in the sink . I would clean them when I got a chance , but I was the only one cleaning while others were still contributing . What an odd phenomenon!Then one day I discovered thismagic dish brush ! Not only do others clean their dishes more often , but I do too . It 's easy to clean one messy item or a counter full with this little godsend . Added bonus
 I have n't had any trouble with mine leaking . The bristles work very well for scrubbing , and the soap dispensing works well too .
 We love this brush and regularly replace its head -LRB- sometimes we bleach it or run it through dishwasher before replacing brush -RRB-
 We love Oxo prducts , however sometimes the price does n't equal the performance . That is n't the case with this product . It is great . It keeps your hands fairly free of soap , and scum , it a space saver , and it 's saves money -LRB- no need to buy brillo pads . Nice little gift too !
 This brush keeps my hands clean -LRB- no mucking around a sponge -RRB- and removes food and gunk from dishes with ease . Plus it never gets gross and smelly like a sponge . I mainly use it to quick clean a dish before placing it the dishwasher . Love it !!
 This little brush is addictive ... load up the soap and OH , NO , I really ca n't quit cleaning ! It perfectly cleans the stovetop which is a difficult job with all of the corners and grills and crevices . In fact , most jobs that were once difficult are now fun because of this little brush .
 Of all the soap-and-scrubber combinations , this is easily the most rugged . Perfect for cleaning pots you 've used to bake in , it fits into every round corner with ease . It fits right in the palm of your hand , so it 's particularly good for heavy-duty scrubbing . It 's quite unlike OXO 's own alternate design , the Soap-Dispensing Scrub Brush . Though you 'll get to keep your hands out of the muck with that cleaning wand , it 's much weaker and wo n't let you get into hard-to-reach corners . Spend the extra few bucks and get a soap-dispensing scrubber that can handle the toughest of jobs .
 This thing works great for getting dishes clean -- it 's sturdy and well-engineered so that you can scrub really hard , and the bristles get into some places a dishrag ca n't reach.I took off one star because mine leaks a little , whether I store it right side up or upside down . Now I just leave it standing up in the kitchen sink drain , so that does n't matter .
 This is a great kitchen tool ! I always have mine handy.Notes
 I would recommend this tool for anyone who washes pots and pans by hand . The low profile is not conducive to washing glasses , but provides excellent control for washing dishes . The soap reservoir does n't leak like other similar products either .
 Oxo Soap Pump is designed to aid people that have problems with Arthritis . I have had Arthritis for years and in the past couple of years my hands have lost the power to grip and to handle small objects . Oxo had people with Arthritis in mind when they made their products . Oxo Soap Pump is so handy for scrubbing pots and pans , buy 2 or 3 and put them in your bathrooms for ease in scrubbing . Press and dispense the soap and let the bristles do the work.Thank You Oxo for all your wonderful products .
 I use this scrubber to clean my sinks and dishes with good effect . It has a little toggle switch in the very middle of the bristles that secretes dish soap when it is pressed allowing you to clean a lot of dishes or surfaces quickly without having to re-load your sponge with soap along the way . The bristles are strong and hold up to tough use and really are effective for getting into nooks and crannies . I do n't really like to use this scrubber on my enameled cast iron cookware -LRB- I admit that I 'm a freak about my Le Creuset ! -RRB- but it works well on everything else !
 This well built , well engineered squirting palm brush replaced a nasty , leaky sponge-type soap dispenser and a soap pump bottle that took about 50 pumps to get a dab of soap . The nylon bristles can be cleaned easily after each use , so it does n't get disgusting . The dispenser valve does n't leak , so you can fill it up with soap and set it on the sink rim or counter , then when you need some soap for washing dishes , a couple of squirts is all you need since the squirt volume is very adequate . My wife also loves it !
 we got this as a gift about 3 months ago . i use it everyday , all the time . it works great for cleaning off dishes to go into the dishwasher . i was worried it would use to much dish soap . we have only filled it three times . i take the sponge off , and throw it in the dishwasher to sanitize it . i have been using this product daily for 3 monthes now , and it is just now needing to be replaced . i would highly reccommend this product . i can think of nothing negative to say about it .
 This is the best dishwashing aid I have ever had in over 30 years of dishwashing . It is wonderful . I love it . Too bad the brush and its refills are so hard to locate . Ca n't understand why . I think once anyone uses it , they will want to continue using it .
 Whenever I buy something from Amazon that costs 2 , 3 or even 10 bucks , I wonder why would anyone rate it . But what the heck , the OXO squeegee works great in the shower . It 's just the right width for the different width panels , and does what a squeegee should do
 I ca n't believe I am writing a squeegee review , but I guess if one is sorting out competing squeegees , it would be nice to hear from other squeegee users . So I am happy to let you know this is a very good quality item . It feels hefty and `` well constructed '' in the hands , and it appears it will last a long time . The ergonomic design is not too bad either . Thumbs up .
 We go through shower squeegees pretty fast and the ones I 've used never work as well as this one . More expensive than most but worth it !
 I 've had several different brands of squeegees for the shower and this is by far the best one . I now have one in every bathroom .
 We like this squeegee , but learned the hard way not to hang it on the tile of the shower wall . Every other morning it was on the floor . Now that we have it on the glass , no problems . Works well .
 Great product , conveniently located -LRB- in the shower where we use it -RRB- with its own suction cup holder . I love that it has n't fallen off the wall either even though we use it twice a day or more .
 Use it after a shower every morning . It 's the best thing I have found to do that job . Never have to otherwise clean the shower .
 This squeegee is the perfect squeegee for our needs , and I 'm sure it will be for yours too . We keep ours hanging in our shower , and use it at the end of each shower to clear off the glass enclosure . The suction works so good that the squeegee does n't fall off the wall . Also , it is so convenient hanging from the suction to be out of the way , and used regularly . Once again a terrific product from the OXO family .
 RECIEVED IT FAST !!!! I WILL USE YOU AGAIN TO BUY OTHER ITEMS YOU SELL JUST FOR THE FAST TURN AROUND TIME , , ,
 Very sturdy and works well . The only minor complaint is I wish it was a little wider . Other than that , it does a great job . Have had it for several months and it is still great .
 I bought one of these several years ago and loved it . It , of course , has worn out . I tried to find one locally to purchase again , but was unsuccessful . I was delighted to find it on Amazon . The rubber edge is soft enough to really squeegee the water off the tile well . The handle is easy to hold and long enough to reach the upper tiles .
 This works better than most other squeegees I have tried on my shower doors and walls . Plus it looks better .
 This squeegee works well and looks good . I 'm giving it four stars instead of five because the suction cup it 's mounted with occasionally comes unstuck .
 I love this squeegee for cleaning the shower glass . I 've looked at Home Depot , Lowes , Bed Bath & Beyond , etc. and could n't find anything that works as well .
 The low cost , the size of the blade , and the comfortable handle make this a good buy . And the suction cup hanger is functional , simple , and satisfying . The down side is using it on a shower and tub with curves . I 've found that the curves have warped or bent the ends of the rubber blade . This makes it harder to squeegee and it happened only after a few days of use . The product is still functional , but less so now . This might be a problem for all similar squeegees . Another down side is that someday this thing will most likley end up in a landfill . In hind site , I wish that I had sought out a product that had a greater chance of being recycled or biodegrading . While in many cases a squeegee seems to be less expensive and wasteful alternative to shower sprays , more need to be designed with a functional replaceable blade , which this product does not have .
 If you have a glass shower door , then definitely buy this squeegee !! It glides really easily down the shower door and leaves no streaks . I first tried another brand that ended up being flimsy and left water streaks no matter how hard I pressed it against the glass.I have had mine for a year now and it is still like new .
 Great product , cuts down soap scum build up on walls and glass doors , also helps prevent hard water spots on taps etc.Well designed , attaches to shower/bath wall with a suction post so no hangers or other holders needed that take up space in a shower stall.Best of all it cuts down cleaning time!OXO Good Grips Household Squeegee , BlackI have one in each bathroom .
 I hate chores like cleaning the tub as much as the next guy , but it 's so much more tolerable when you 've got the right tools for the job . This brush falls into that category .
 This is a really nice brush with a great design , like most all OXO products . I do think it is a little pricey for a scrub brush , but Lowe 's is selling a generic version that 's not as good for only one buck less ... so , all in all , pretty good .
 I always used a dishrag or a sponge for cleaning counter tops . Then I read a review of this product that mentioned using the brush for counter tops and stainless steel sinks . I am so glad that this review prompted me to buy this brush . It really cleans up the counter tops and the stainless sink looks really great after cleaning with this brush . It is also a great tool for cleaning the interior of the refrigerator . It has cut down the time required to do that job , and just makes this weekly task more effective in less time . It 's an excellent investment and would have been worth the cost at twice the price .
 Oxo has really stiff bristles which is great for cleaning grout and tile . It seems to hold up well . Not great in the corners but fine on the inner edges .
 I have tiny hands , so I was n't sure what to expect from this brush - it is large but it fits in my hand comfortably . It is also big enough that I can use both hands to scrub if I need to . It is effective and sturdy .
 This brush got my bathtub cleaner that it 's ever been and with so much less effort ! I could really lean on the brush and the bristles still did n't collapse . Rinses clean easily , dries quickly ... it 's the little things that are really important . A really great all purpose scrubbing tool .
 I purchased this brush to clean the wheels of our vehicles . As with nearly all OXO products , it exceeded my expectations , sturdy , comfortable , and very useful for its purpose .
 easy to grab and hold and use , surprisingly does a good reach to corners , too . good brush , i 'd buy again .
 This product is very good , and it is what I like to buy it , and it is a very good deal !
 This brush is durable and will withstand the toughest of chemicals.I like the hand-friendly grip and thorough cleaning that can be accomplished by this brush .
 I bought these to donate to Occupy Sandy , Brooklyn , NY ... They did the job :-RRB- I am so glad I could help .
 This was bought along with a great cleaner so that my daughter 's work could clean up some things they were having trouble cleaning . It worked great .
 I feel kind of funny getting excited about a brush , but this thing just tore through a very dirty job . I bought this to clean a bath tub that had not been cleaned in 1.5 years ... as you can imagine it was pretty gross . The OXO brand usually makes quality products , and this is no exception . The build is very strong , the grip is nice and grippy , and the size of the brush makes it very versatile . The dimensions make it easy to scrub both large areas and harder to reach places.For the price , this is a no brainer ... will probably be buying more in the future .
 love this brush makes my tiled shower much easier to clean brush cleans easily and so far seems very durable
 I was surprised , and delighted , the brush is much bigger than I had expected . It works great !! great deal , would def recommend , I use it to clean carpet stains and it does n't hurt my hands and does a great job .
 I thought it was too big but it worked better than I thought it would-not too soft or hard . I use it for cleaning up spills on my rugs --
 I purchased a pool brush from a local store . As I would use it it would literally shed all over the tub.So I looked for something from a company that we all know as well as something that could easily get into the crevices and jets.Really happy I stumbled onto this . Perfect for what I was looking for.No shedding , either !
 This is a great brush for cleaning the tub and the sinks . The grip is steady and does not slip , and the bristles are flexible enough to move , but yet tough to remove stains and grime , like other OXO products , this one has two thumbs up !
 It is perfect for cleaning my water bottle that i use everyday for gym and work . Thanks to this brush i enjoy cleaning my bottle .
 It is the right length and width for cleaning those hard to get at travlers mugs that are too thin for most of the scrubbers I had . This worked perfect . I also bought one for a friend who agrees it works great .
 I bought this for washing out 1/2 gallon glass bottles that we buy milk in . It 's perfect , because the handle bends ! Just ordered a second one for the vacation house .
 Simply , this is the best brush to clean your thermos bottles . It is also slim enough to fit in very narrow openings , such as the6-pack of Aquasana 18 Oz . Glass Bottles . Wish it were a little longer , since it barely hits the bottom of my 27oz thermos , but it still does the job .
 This is a really good brush but I was surprised at how soft the bristles ended up being . So far it works great but I 'm wondering how it will hold up to tough grim . Brush arrived on time and packaged well . If you do n't mind softer bristles , I would recommend this item and seller .
 when i saw this in amazon i wasent sure how much i would use it but wanted it to clean the inside of our steel water bottles . works great for that and for many more kitchen items that i did not even consider .
 I got this to clean out Nalgene water bottles and Thermos bottle that I use when camping . The brush fits easily into the narrow necks and is long enough to reach the bottom of my big Thermos .
 Simple . This will clean those hard-to-get spots on your bottle , mug , whatever it is you decide to use it for . It 's been very effective for me and I 've been using it for a few months now .
 I bought this brush to clean my new thermos , but really did n't need it , as the mouth was wide enough to clean without a special tool , but kept the brush anyway .
 Want to wash the daily commute travel mug or sports drink bottles between dishwasher runs this is a great choice . With hands not fitting in most tall mugs , this makes it much easier and quicker .
 This bottle brush is super -- it 's the only thing I 've found that will get inside and to the bottom of Sigg-type metal water bottles . The bristles seem pretty soft , though , so I 'm not sure how long it will last . Still , a very worthwhile purchase .
 Good concentration of bristles and good length of bristles as well as handle length.I feel like this actually cleans well
 I 've had this brush for a few month and use it on a regular basis.It is sturdy . I like the handle size , just about right for my small hand . The hair are flexible but scrub efficiently nonetheless . This only cons I can see is that the core of the brush is sometime just a little to big to enter really small bottles . But anything with a regular opening is no problem .
 I use this brush to clean my italian moka pot coffeemaker . It works so well that when I left my old brush behind when I moved , I missed it . Nothing else worked as well . I just had to find another one . Now my morning is much better !
 This brush serves its purpose . It washes the inside of bottles very well . The bristles are soft so it can get into the corners easily . Defiantly worth the money , makes washing bottles so easy , I think I wash more often now because its easier .
 I had a couple wide water battles with thin openings which the dishwasher could n't clean . Hand washing also did n't work as I could n't get my hand inside the bottle . However , this brush did the job perfectly.Pros : - The arm is flexible and bends a bit , which makes it easier to reach the sides of a wide bottle . - The brush holds soap well , and does a good job scrubbing . I had a smoothie in the water bottle , and the brush got the leftover residue/tiny seeds off the sides that the dishwasher missed . - Easy to useCons : - None so far
 How much can you say about a bottle brush ? It 's flexible , has a fairly long handle , and a nice brush head that allows you to move it around some curves and right spaces , but it will not necessarily fit all the nooks and crannies in certain containers because unless you can manipulate the long handle , you wo n't be able to bend it enough to fit into the tight spaces . Otherwise , a great product .
 Could not find a brush well suited for our Thermos containers until now . It is flexible and effective . It is also easy to clean . Is this 20 words yet ?
 I feel like this actually cleans well vs some brushes that seem as if they are not cleaning thoroughly . It seems to scrub the entire surface to be cleaned without missing spots . Good concentration of bristles and good length of bristles as well as handle length . Stiff enough to do the job but flexible enough to handle varied shapes . This is a new item , so I ca n't comment on durability , but I have no reason to expect that it wo n't hold up well .
 The individual bristles are finer and softer , more flexible than a scrub brush making it easy to push the brush into smaller openings in bottles . Also the finer size bristles allow more in each hole so it cleans the inside surface much more thoroughly than the plastic bristle in twisted wire type brush . ... My only drawback is the grip part of the handle goes about a quarter of the way into my 24oz sip top bottles I use for work . -LRB- -1 star -RRB- I would like the stem part of the handle to be 2 or 3 inches longer .
 Great brush . Bristles are holding up well after many months of use . Use it for the coffee pot , air pots , and husband 's travel mugs .
 Kind of flimsy but not bad for the price . The shape is unique and useful . I only bought it as an add on item - not sure I would have bought it otherwise , but it 's nice to have
 This came quickly is made to fit well into all Cylinder based meals carriers like the Bento meals from Zojirushi or Tiger . definitely makes regularly cleaning much simpler and faster if you pack your meal carriers a fair bit like I do . nothing defective or cheap about the brush . Good cleaning tool .
 This is a good bottle brush , especially for cleaning the inside of nalgene or other plastic-type water bottles . It 's got a long handle with a sturdy rubber grip and is definitely good quality.The only issue that I have had with it is that the bristles are on the soft side , which is fine for soaping down water bottles , but not so good for giving my stained travel coffee mugs a good cleaning after they have been sitting all day . If you really want to give a bottle a good scour , this is probably not your brush . It is however a good brush otherwise and will go where a sponge ca n't .
 Bottle-washers of the World , Unite and Demand This Brush ! Also works great with glasses , mugs , cups , and that little thing in the middle of your blender lid .
 OXO products are always quality . Dishwasher safe . Has softer bristles to get into those deep bottles more easily . Other brands have hard stiff bristles .
 I use this for cleaning my narrow-mouth Nalgene bottles and it works great . The bristles are flexible enough that the head of the brush can slip into the bottle . The handle is sturdy , but able to flex , making it easy to get the contours of the bottle .
 Works wonderfully to clean my tall , stainless steel water bottles that normal length baby bottle brushes CAN NOT reach the bottom of .
 My sodastream water bottles were getting a nasty film on them that could not be removed with simple rinsing . I 've tried soaking them overnight and then scrubbing them in vain with a chopstick . I was able to remove the gunk , but I needed a true bottle brush that would fit . Thank goodness for amazon , because the local stores did not have any bottle brushes that would fit such a narrow mouth bottle.The only issue I have is the bristles might be a little too soft , so I have to soak my bottles overnight with a bleach solution in order to loosen the gunk . I could scrape the film away with a chopstick .
 I mean , I will admit that the ability to now actually and fully clean the drinking glasses in my home makes me exorbitantly happy . But whatever . That 's just how I am , I guess . Hang it on a hook by the sink . And go wild .
 I primarily bought this to help clean my VItamix container . I have large hands , and getting them down in there is a no go . Up till now , I 've been hesitant to use anything in the container for fear of scratching or &#34; fogging &#34; up of the plastic that people talk about . What I have found is that I do get some film that builds up over time , but this brush , and some elbow grease actually gets it off and does n't scratch the plastic at all . In fact , as I 've been using this exclusively , my Vitamix container looks new after the last year of use and abuse . I 'll buy another when this one wears out .
 Just as described . Works great well with all travel mugs and even with glass cups . Makes it so much easier to clean them .
 This brush is oh so more than a bottle brush . I can use it to clean pots and pans and bowls and plates and stuff .
 I 've used this brush before and decided to reorder it ! I love e long handle , and the bristles on the brush really get the job done . My last brush lasted a long time , but ingot rid of it sooner than necessary just in case ere was bacteria build up . It is also dishwasher safe .
 Very useful , still have it after all this time . Cleans our thermos well and gets into those hard to reach bottlenecks . Good purchase .
 This seems pretty sturdy and I have just started using it . It gets the job done . Used it on a variety of mugs and cups .
 We bought this to clean our Nalgene bottles with the skinny neck and it is wonderful . So much easier and makes me feel like it is really clean .
 It makes it so much easier to clean bottles , not just thermos bottles.You can get to the bottom to clean bottles .
 This brush is the perfect size for cleaning our Contigo Coffee mugs -LRB- not the lid just the mug -RRB- . It holds soap surprisingly well and has proven durable over the last few months . The handle has a nice rubber feel and the brush is flexible .
 Its a bottle brush - you dont really need any more than this one . Fits almost all bottles ive put it in and allows you to clean the bottom and sides -LRB- some dont have bristles on the bottom -RRB-
 This brush works great for my travel mug as well as my coffee pot . The slight flexibility allows it to get into all the corners .
 This product is great for cleaning baby bottles and also regular cups . Definitely makes the cleaning task easier . Very good product .
 It 's a brush , what else can I say ? I 'm always satisfied with the quality of OXO products and this brush is no exception .
 I usually avoid OXO products , not always but when I can . They 're too rubbery for me . This works fine though . My wife makes our peanut butter and the empty jars are hard to clean out to reuse . This makes it very easy .
 not bad at all , can clean almost any bottle with narrow head , flexible enough and soft . so far best brush i ever had
 Trying to clean the build-up out of my wide-mouth Klean Kanteen was a frustrating process , until I found this OXO bottle brush . This brush is fairly inexpensive , and made of high quality materials . It 's a must have for any Klean Kanteen owner . On the other hand , you could probably just use a new toilet brush and get the same results .
 I had one of these brushes already so I knew how great it was so I did n't mind having another as back-up , and it put my order over 25 bucks so the shipping was free . Definitely a win win .
 I ordered this brush after trying others . I thought I would give it a shot since it was inexpensive . I use this with wine bottles , water bottles , and sports bottles . I love it . It cleans everything fantastic . Bristles are soft enough to get in tight spaces . I will continue to order and use this brush .
 This brush makes cleaning glasses and bottles a breeze ! The bristles are nice and soft and they do a great job of creating suds , which makes me feel like I 'm doing a better job cleaning . This brush gets my glasses and mugs clean and the long and slightly flexible handle ensures that I 'm never killing my knuckles in the process.I doubt this will last for more than a few months , but at such a good price I 'm okay with that . The bristles have started to show wear -LRB- some have matted -RRB- after a few weeks of use , but I think I can blame my boyfriend for this - he keeps trying to use it to scrub dishes and pans ! The bristles are way too soft to be a `` heavy duty '' scrubbing brush . They are perfect for delicate glasswear though!My only wishes are
 I bought the Oxo good grips bottle brush to clean my Ello PURE 20oz Glass Water Bottle . The bristles are strong enough to give a good scrubbing , but not too stiff to scratch the glass . Reaches the bottom without a struggle . Comfortable grip . Very pleased .
 Forget all the Munchkin and other specifically targeted cleaning brushes for baby bottles , pump flanges , and other feeding accessories . This brush is amazing for that and costs no more than the ` baby brands . '
 I ordered this brush based off of the good reviews here on Amazon . So glad that I did ! At first I was worried that the brush would be too stiff , but it 's bristles are surprisingly flexible . Works great to clean my water bottles and narrow jars : D
 This bottle brush works extremely well when washing any kind of narrow container . I bought this to clean out my Thermos brand water bottles . The brush is about 12 inches long from top to bottom . The bristle portion of the brush is about 21/2 inches from one end to where the black handle starts . The bristles are very soft and the handle is long enough so you can use it on a variety of containers . Since it 's made by Oxo , the handle is very comfortable . Bottles do need a good cleaning even when they 're used for water only and this brush does a decent job .
 I bought this hoping that it would be long enough to reach the bottom of my 27 oz Klean Kanteen and it works great ! The bristles are soft but they get the job done .
 Using this brush on a regular basis at home allows me to quickly wash things off without putting my hands in the soapy water . On a recent trip I decided to take it along with a little dish soap to wash out water bottles and baby 's sippy cups . it worked great in the hotel rooms and at our destination . after use , i put it in zip lock bag until we reached the next destination.I bought one for my daughter -LRB- the mom of baby -RRB- . I also bought one for my son , who commutes to work and stays in a remote location , so he could wash out water bottles and other dishes easily . Very handy . i store upside down in a small utensil crock when at home so it dries out between uses .
 The design of this , plus the durability , make this yet another wonderful OXO utensil I 'm happy to own . The curve of the brush helps get into the corners of our square glasses and the crevices of our kids sippy cups . Excellent brush .
 I should n't have waited . These are essential for thoroughly cleaning out your Nalgenes and Kleen Kanteens . The Kleen Kanteens are tough without a solution like this . I just could n't get the tea and coffee stains out . I should have bought this sooner just like the other reviewers said . Oh well - have one now - I 'm pleased and highly recommend .
 I use it daily to clean out water bottles and my coffee thermos . It 's nice and sturdy and definitely gets the job done .
 soft for the skin very good for large bottles with wide neck . I am using normally to wash my thermo and is really good and easy to use . you dont need to put too much efford using it . good material and durable construction . Recommended
 I use this brush every day to clean my Vita-Mix after making my morning protein shake . I have large hands that do n't fit inside normal size glasses so I use it for all things tall and slim .
 Love it for water bottles . It 's design makes it easy to thoroughly clean the inside , even the tallest of bottles ! I would reccomend this product !
 I bought this OXO brush to clean out the glass pitcher I purchased to store milk . It has a comfortable , long handle , two types of bristles , and is large enough to get the hard to reach spot under the `` shoulder '' of the pitcher -LRB- that can sometimes be a drag -RRB- . It works perfectly for what I needed it for , but I would imagine if you just needed a brush for mugs or glasses , the handle could be considered a little long . Works for us !
 I needed this brush for my water bottles and reusable soda bottles . I also use it for my daughter 's cups . It 's a good product .
 Love it . Another wonderful OXO product . I have bought several of their products and so far , so good . The price is great , too .
 This bottle brush is great for cleaning things your hands or dishwasher ca n't reach . I use it on my blender because the blades are very sharp . This is good for tall tumblers or Thermos type bottles , as well . Most parents use something like this to clean baby bottles . It does n't hold onto food particles and cleans easily . The handle is the perfect length for really tall items .
 The bristles are perfect for getting inside any size bottle . I got this to clean my new Luminarc Pitcher , but works great for reusable water bottles too !
 Length is good for most problematic bottles , but brush is a bit softer than I 'd like . Overall , a very useful item to have , though . I 'd buy again .
 I have always struggled cleaning my tea pot and my Nalgene water bottles . I would stuff washcloths into them and spin them around but I never felt like I was doing a good job . I saw this cheap little brush on amazon and figured I 'd give it a go . This brush helps me all the time now . It can squeeze into the holes my hand ca n't fit in and I can move it around and scrub the insides . I am impressed with this brush and am very glad I found it .
 I bought this brush for various types of bottles . It is decently long , but the bristles are n't as stiff and long lasting as I would like . I suppose they are made the way they are so it can fit into the narrower necked bottles , but for wider moth bottles it is not as good . For the price I do n't feel disappointed , but I am not sure I would purchase it for myself again . For your needs it may be perfect .
 The brush is good quality & does fine for glasses & baby bottles . I , unfortunately , bought it to use to clean swing top bottles that I use for kifir soda . It will not fit through the opening . I decided on this one after another reviewer said that they used it to clean beer bottles . Their bottles must have larger openings than mine .
 The bottom bristles while a little stiffer than the side ones , but still overall pretty soft . I would say this is fine for gentle cleaning like it is described , but I do not get where they get vigorous cleaning from with such soft bristles . The handle length seems adequate , and the actual handle is indeed comfortable to grip and has a non-slip surfaceIt will do for light jobs and has its place , but the softness of the bristles limits what I would call vigorous scrubbing .
 Used this in combination with urnex to clean my coffee pot . Bristles could be a little stiffer but it definitely does the trick . The bend in the neck works great and is just bendy enough !
 This bottle brush works really well to clean my stainless steel 27 oz water bottle . Here is why I like it :1 . The diameter on the opening of my water bottle is 13/4 inches , and this easily fits inside .2 . The handle and brush combined are a foot long , which makes it very easy to clean the bottom of the bottle .3 . The leading negative review mentions another brush that has a slanted handle , which supposedly makes cleaning easier . But the handle on this brush is very flexible , and will bend and slant at whatever angle you want with just a little pressure .4 . The bristles are effective at cleaning both the bottom and sides of the water bottle .5 . The grip on the end of the handle is somewhat thicker , which makes it easy and comfortable to hold this brush while cleaning.Bottom line
 This bottle brush works great on myThermos Nissan 51-Ounce Stainless-Steel Carafe.Finally , I can clean my carafe by doing more than swishing warm soapy water around inside it .
 My husband found this and we love it . It is better than anything else . You do n't have to worry about leaving scratches as it has a heavy duty plastic stem . It is not flimsy so it will not be easy to break . We had to buy a second for our trailer . If you want a great bottle brush that works great and wo n't leave scratches on your items , this is the one for you .
 This brush is perfect for Nalgene bottles . It was not easy to find just the right brush , but now that I have , I am very happy . Another reviewer said that this brush was too big to fit in to a Nalgene bottle . That is not true . My Nalgene bottle has a 11/8 '' opening , which is the smallest opening I 've seen for a Nalgene bottle , and this brush goes in and out of it with very little effort . The bristles are soft , which I like . It cleans much faster than my old brush because it 's easier to control.I have not reviewed many items , but I had to take the time to review this brush because every Nalgene bottle owner should have this bottle brush.When I received my brush in the mail , some of the bristles on the end were flattened out from being in the box . After sitting on the counter overnight , the bristles had straightened back to their original form . So if yours has `` bed head '' when you get it , do n't freak . It 'll probably go back to normal with a little time .
 I bought one of these for my husband who has lots of water bottles -LRB- some with necks only about an inch wide ! -RRB- that he uses while at work on construction jobs . This brush is the ONLY one we found that actually will clean those bottles . The key is , the skinny part of the handle BENDS so you can reach the unreachable parts of the bottles . I recommend this brush to anyone who uses water bottles on a daily basis .
 I 'm not sure which brush some of the other reviewers were using , but it clearly is n't this one . It easily fits into narrow necked bottles . Our family uses SIGG bottles and it does an excellent job with both the .6 L and the 1L versions . Though it 's barely long enough for the full size 1L bottles , it does work well . As other reviews have said , the neck of the brush is flexible , but that may be misleading . I was concerened when I read those because I thought that it was `` pose-able '' , but no it just bends under pressure and straightens back out . The bristles are probably soft enough for plastic , but are stiff enough to clean around the small dents in an aluminum bottle . Really the biggest problem for me is ; where do you store it when you 're not using it ? : -RRB- PROS : OXO tactile rubbery gripExcellent balance between too soft and too firm bristlesLong bristles and narrow head to clean almost any type bottleCONS : VERY close to being too short -LRB- effective length 8 -RRB- May actually be too short for some of the klean kanteen bottles I 've seenTHE BOTTOM LINE : Great Product !
 This is the first decent bottle brush I have found that fits through the neck of the narrow mouth Nalgene bottles . It 's nice and soft , too , so I feel safe using it on my nice wine glasses . This brush was so hard to find so I was excited to find it here . Oxo better not ever discontinue this brush or I 'll sue !!
 I have tried and bought over 5 baby bottle brushes in the past 2 months . I looked all over for one that cleaned well and would n't fall apart after a week ! I am so happy I found this one . It looks like it would be stiff , but it 's not . The bristles are soft and works great for baby bottles , water bottles and glasses . It really gets in to clean all the corners . I do n't worry about it scratching the plastic at all . It has a long handle and it 's well made . It even has blue bristles at the bottom so you can see through the suds .
 I have had this brush for over two years now and I use it constantly . The colored end bristles are a little stiffer then the white ones so it 's great for the bottom of jars especially the ones you have to clean for recycling . Makes hard work a breeze . After extreme daily use it still looks brand new , I just put it in a glass with bleach and water every so often to keep it nice and fresh . I purchased two and the other one is still under the sink with the tag still on it because I just ca n't wear this thing out ! I LOVE THIS BRUSH ! I bought one for a friend who looked at me like I was insane when I raved about it and now she tells all her friends to get one too ! Get this brush , it is an amazing very well made cleaning tool !
 This is one of my favorite bottle brushes because the bristles are soft and evenly dispersed , including the tip of the brush where we need to reach into corners , crevices and bottoms of vessels such as thermoses , carafes , baby bottles , wine and drinking glasses without scratching their surfaces . The handle is sturdy and wo n't bend like wire-made brushes . I recommend this brush .
 This is a good brush for the following reasons
 I had been searching for this item for over a year . I decided to search on the web for it . And Whalla there it was . I did not let any grass grow under my feet . I ordered not just one but 4 of them . I rarely wash my dishes by hand at the sink . I use the dishwasher only . This brush is the perfect item to rinse the dishes off before sticking them in the dishwasher . It gets in the corners and crannies . I like doing this because I only run my dishwasher in the evenings only . Food never gets caked on . This little brush never scratches any dish or glass but is tough enough to clean out a pot or pan . The bristles are very soft so if you add a tiny amount of dishsoap to it , the lather builds up due to the softness of the bristles . Love it !!!!!!!!!!! ... Mg
 This brush is sturdy , with a rubber handle , stainless steel rod , and the end -LRB- brush portion -RRB- is flexible . It gets into the corners of bottles , and scrubs everything properly . Finally my water bottles are truly clean !
 Very pleased - good bottle brush - does n't fall apart as the standard one does
 I started using this as a general pre dishwasher scrub brush based on another Amazon review I saw on this product . I also use it to clean the sink and to clean out my recycling cans and bottles . It is the best overall cleaning brush I have ever used . The long flexible handle allows access to almost any item . I pop it in the dishwasher periodically and even the most stubborn food items come off - things like scrambled eggs and bread dough . It has held up well under heavy daily use for the last three months . And that is a record for me as I 'm pretty hard on cleaning tools . I just added it as a permanent item on my shopping list .
 This is my second bottle brush of this type . I gave the first to a friend and replaced it with this one . It 's great !
 I need to clean thoroughly my shaker -LRB- for my protein shakes -RRB- , and this brush is perfect . Great quality for a low price.Buy it ! You 'll use it for your blender , tall glasses , bottles , etc. .
 This really is the best brush out there for cleaning baby bottles . It has held up perfectly after 11 months of daily use .
 Wow ! Got this brush for cleaning pint drinking glasses , but am even happier to use it on our blender . It does a perfect job on pint drinking glasses , but I imagine a lot of brushes would be ok in that application . Making fruit smoothies at least once a day in our blender , I 've been less than happy with our regular dish brush in cleaning the inside . We use avocados and ground flax seeds in our smoothies , so you really need to scrub and wash to get that fat cleaned off between uses . This brush makes it a snap ! What a pleasure !
 we originally purchased a bottle brush at Wal Mart , but they only carried brushes for cleaning baby bottles . This turned out to be completely useless , so I purchased the OXO brush from Amazon . It is a well made product that is long enough to clean inside my half-gallon glass milk containers . Another useful kitchen tool to make life easier .
 I 'd call this one excellent . I wash ten to twenty quart Ball jars a day and it 's perfect . It will wear out eventually , but everything does .
 This brush is ideal for cleaning the inside of reusable liquid containers . It will clean where no other tool can even reach . Case in point
 I bought this just for cleaning theCamelBak BPA-Free Better Bottle with Bite Valveworks like a charm cheaper than Camelbak brushes only $ 4.99 . The bristles are blue/soft & white/softer cleans but does not scratch I feel like it will last 1-2 years with light to medium use . Plus I can use it on other jars , bottles , containers I have around the house .
 Bought this to replace an existing -LRB- different brand -RRB- of bottle brush . I am pleased with it . It works well and cleans great . I recommend this item !
 The brush is very flexible and fits just nice in my Thermos Nissan flask . What I did was putting in a bit of soap water and move the brush gently in and out of the bottle . Good for cleaning off stubborn coffee stains inside your Thermos that is impossible to reach using your hands .
 I purchased this bottle brush specifically for my Iced Tea/Coffee maker ... not expecting it to be better -LRB- or worse -RRB- than the one I had . To my surprise , the brush did a better job than I had expected . The flexible neck gave it more access to the bottom corners of the beverage maker and also to the plastic bottle I carry my beverage in .
 This brush , is so much nicer then many we have owned before for cleaning our Coffee Thermos and Air Pot thermal containers . Getting down to the area of a confined space , is never what anyone wants to tackle without the proper reach and design of a kitchen tool , made to do the work better , faster , and last longer.I and the Wife , can recommend this brush over many we have had or used before . We now have one for both the camper and our home .
 I bought the Bormioli Rocco Sorgente cooler glasses earlier this year - they are lovely but they are narrow glasses and because of their shape , it 's very hard to get my hand and sponge down far enough to clean the bottoms . This bottle brush does the trick . Also use it to clean wine glasses .
 This bottle brush works great for my coffee tumbler , the `` wand '' is just the right flexibility for cleaning hard to reach areas . Have n't tried it yet for my camping gear , but it seems like it will work great for that stuff too . Could n't ask for better .
 this is the first & only bottle brush i 've been able to find that will fit into the narrow mouth of my water bottle AND reach all the way to the bottom !
 It works as intended ... but it means my wife expects me to wash dishes now . Time to fix the dishwasher .
 It reaches where my arm ca n't , cracks and cranies and does it throughly without any after taste or film to alter the drink .
 This brush does the job of cleaning bottoms and sides of wide mouth bottles and pitchers . The stem is flexible and the top edges of the brush reach into corners . No complaints .
 Bought the OXO Good Grips Bottle Beush from Amazon first of all because of the price . It definitely would have been twice the price in grocery store . A baby bottle brush would not have been so sturdy and probably not long enough to reach all the way to the bottom of my thermos . I like the big scrubing head -LRB- not too big that it cant fit through the neck of my thermos but big enough to reach the entire sides of the thermos -RRB- so you can just scrub with an up and down motion instead of having to turn the thermos as you scrub .
 I use these for cleaning my stainless steel thermos . As with all OXO products , they do the job very well !
 I use this brush to clean a wottle bottle I purchased for myself the same day . Does what it says .
 Bought it because my son is addicted to milk and manages to hide glasses all around the house . The dried on milk rings and dregs at the bottom of the glasses did n't always come off in the dishwasher . This brush solved the problem quite nicely .
 This is perfect ! I have always used a baby bottle brush to clean my Camelbak water bottles , and I never found one long enough until this one . It 's Oxo so it 's sturdy and good quality and it really reaches the bottom of the bottle . You get in every nook and cranny . Highly recommend !
 cleaned pleasantly except when you pull the brush out of my thermos 16oz bottle . water splashes because of the size i assume . but overall , the brush was excellent with a drop of detergent and a few twisting and scrubbing .
 I received this last week . I bought it to clean jars and glasses . Does not feel flimsy , does a good job . The last two bottle cleaners I bought in the grocery store were of appalling quality . This is in a whole different class . . it works ! I expect to feel the same way next month.June 2012
 It 's really a no-brainer . I ca n't make my hand fit into a small opening , but this little wand does it 's job , and does it well . Very happy with my purchase .
 i bought it to clean glasses that I ca n't get my hand into with the dishrag ; cleans well and does n't scratch at all
 I bought this to clean inside the insulated Kleen Kanteen . It works pretty good to remove coffee stains however the bristles on the brush started to break down after just two uses . I still really like the product but hope it holds up .
 wish it was bendable so i could get in tight corners . other than that it 's peachy keen .
 Great for cleaning bottles , jars and vases . This one is made well , good quality .
 This is the third time I have purchased this brush ! One for my office , one for my home , and one for my brother who just goes to college ! Great design with not too much cost . Fit almost all the bottles . It 's also a great way to clean mugs , cups , and glasses . I love this brush ! Will buy it again !
 I love this brush ! Nice long handle , soft bristles . I needed a brush that would get powder drink residue out of the bottom of drinking glasses and this brush does the job . I will never be without one of these brushes . Great product .
 This brush works great for baby bottles , both the narrow and wide ones . It maneuvers great and does n't make a mess when you are taking it in and out of the bottles .
 I got this brush to wash out my many Nalgene water bottles . Nothing else really does the job quite as well . The bristles are just hard enough to clean inside the threads of the bottle lid and just soft enough not to scratch up the inside of the bottles . Before I got this brush cleaning them was a real chore . Now it 's relatively easy . Highly recommended if you have narrow opening bottles to clean .
 The Oxo bottle brush is a `` must-have '' item ! I 've just ordered four more - ca n't do without it . As a previous review noted - the perfect tool for preparing things for the dishwasher . And terrific at scrubbing out the insides of flower vases , too ! And , like all Oxo products - incredibly comfortable to hold and use !
 I bought this for cleaning my Nissan Thermos and it works very well for that . It has a wide mouth but is deep and can not be cleaned easily with other cleaning methods.The reason I gave it four stars is because even though it works for what I purchased it for I have tried using it for cleaning a reusable glass bottle that I have and it was too thick to fit into the narrow opening of the bottle . The plastic rod that the bristles are attached to is too thick to fit into multiple bottles that I tried . It does not work for cleaning bottles that have an opening approximately the size of a wine or beer bottle .
 This is my second purchase and they are great , forget about stanley this is the real deal .12 plus hours staying hot thats amazing .
 I use this brush to clean narrow-necked , glass bottles ; stainless-steel , sports water bottles ; glass carafes ; and 16-ounce , tall , water glasses that are too narrow for my hand to fit inside.This has a really nice rubber grip . The bristles are firm enough to clean well , but not so hard they are n't flexible.Highly recommended !
 As noted in other reviews , this brush works great for wide mouth Nalgene bottles . But , approximately 7/8 '' in diameter with brushes compressed , it wont fit a bottle with a `` Grolsch '' type neck , which is less than 3/4 '' wide . -LRB- I got these from Ikea to store homemade syrups -RRB- I have n't tested the small neck Nalgene bottles . I just tried it on the GSI 10oz flask . It does n't fit through the neck , however .
 My wife always had issues while cleaning my stainless steel thermos that I take to office filled with coffee . The opening is so small that washing it becomes a pain . The other day she was telling me about the OXO good grips bottle brush ; she is able to clean my thermos without any worry . The bristles are soft yet firm on the base and side walls that it does not leave any scratch . Even after repeated use the brittles remain firm and have not lost its shape . The handle has a decent grip and despite using with soap does not slip . The length is also pretty convenient for cleaning elongated bottles . It is a must have in any household .
 I bought this brush to clean the different Naglene bottles I have , I really wanted something to clean myNALGENE Tritan 1-Quart Narrow Mouth BPA-Free Water Bottlethe one with the Narrow mouth , this brush works perfectly . Fits down the neck and you can bend it to clean all spots of the bottle.Came packaged really well , box was oversized and lots of padding which made for no bristle damage at all .
 The brush does better than others we have tried . However , an additional two inches of stem length before the Good Grips handle would have been even better to fully reach to the bottom of the containers we have .
 I purchased this to clean my thermos since I have started taking my lunch to school . This is perfect for that and also my water bottle . I just stick it in the dish washer to clean it .
 It does the job , so I should n't complain . I just wish the bristles were a little bit stiffer to help really scrub the bottles and such . Overall I like it , but it 's not the end-all be-all of bottle brushes.And the reviews indicating that it is not for smaller openings ... that 's a load of garbage . It can basically fit into an inch opening ... not sure what on earth they were doing .
 works well and hanging next to my kitchen sink great for all reusable bottles even thermos ' deffinatly a nice tool for clean up .
 I am going to purchase one here from Amazon . We bought one a few years back at Bed Bath & Beyond ? but I ca n't remember . We love it.Every day we use this to wash out bottle/protein shakers , it works very well . The head of this fits into a variety of bottles well , such as re-used gatorade , iced tea , and milk bottles , baby bottles too . Not all bottle brushes fit into smaller openings well , and still able to clean the interior bottle surfaces . The shaft of it is flexible too.The bristles are just right - they are also somewhat soft , which is great . Many other bottle brushes I looked at have super stiff bristles and do n't clean out things well or work as well with dish soap . The foam/sponge type bottle brushes -LRB- like for baby bottles -RRB- fall apart and get gross pretty easily.Every now and then the bristles get too dirty , well then just fill up a cup of really hot water and dish soap and wash it a bit and rinse out.This is a great price here too .
 Great brush - good size for taller bottles Compresses down small to get in tight bottle opening . We clean gatorade style bottles with it and reuse them for water on the go for example .
 This bottle brush , also known as a glass-cleaner-for-folks-with-big-hands , is absolutely adequate for the job it was purchased for . No more squeezing my hand into unnatural shapes to clean the bottom of the glass !
 This is perfect for cleaning a coffee carafe or a nalgene bottle of any size . It is easy to use and scrubs well . The price is reasonable . I highly recommend this bottle brush . It 's perfect .
 We are using this for baby bottle brush . The bristles are just perfect in stiffness . It is easy to use as it slides smoothly in and out of the bottle . From what I read from other reviews , this brush is also great on Nalgene water bottles . The handle is made of rubber and very comfortable . It is a little long compared to other brush bottles we tried before but that does n't pose a problem at all.Overall , it is a well made brush .
 Finally a sturdy brush that does the job . Went with the previous reviews and am very satisfied . Obviously it does n't take much to make me happy . I use tall 1/2 gallon bottles all the time and this brush gets all the nooks and crannies . Always throw in a little baking soda for starters.Another one of life 's little problems solved . It 's the little things that count the most .
 I just got this product yesterday . I used it to clean out 4 of my water bottles and their lids . Along with a long handle , the brush has bristles that stick up on the top and allow me to clean the bottome of the bottle very easily . The brush also cleaned up under the rim of the bottles easily due to the direction of the bottom bristles . It rinsed off easily and dried quickly . So far , so good . If it falls apart within 6 months I 'll revise my review ; otherwise I 'd recomend it for cleaning water bottles/baby bottles/etc .
 I originally bought this brush to clean out baby bottles . It has since proven to have many uses . The long handle gets into pretty much any container including those hard to clean drink containers . It is sturdy and the brush is abrasive enough to get things clean . I found that some of the brushes have metal handles that will rust and break after several months of use . I have had this one for quite a while and it is still in perfect shape . Would highly recommend .
 Two kids and countless bottle brushes later I have to say that this is by far the best brush we 've used . Highly recommended !
 My old one got some danish oil leaked all over it , gluing the bristles together on one side.I looked around at other alternatives and decided in the end to repurchase the same thing . This one has a sharp cylindrical shape to the bristles , to get over into the corners of a cylindrically shaped glass . The blue colored bristles are a little stiffer than the white ones.The skinny neck and soft bristles mean that you can fit this brush down into a variety of bottles and vases .
 BOTTLE TYPES WE OWNWe have numerous water bottles and stainless containers -LRB- Foogoo , Camelbak , Thermos to name a few -RRB- . Some are BPA free plastic , some stainless inside and out.BOTTLE NECK SIZEThe neck opening of each of our bottles varies from 1.5 inches up to 3 inches -LRB- this is a Foogoo lunch container -RRB- . BRUSH BRISTLES AND PERFORMANCEThis brush is the best one we have tried -LRB- we have tried three other brands -RRB- . The bristles are firm enough to clean the bottles , but soft enough not to scratch them -LRB- unlike others we have tried -RRB- . The handle just below the brush is flexible so it bends making it very easy to get every nook and cranny in all our containers.We use it on a daily basis . I donated our other ones after receiving this .
 I use it to clean my stainless steel thermos containers and they 're still nice and shiny . Takes about 5 minutes to clean it real good .
 I bought this brush after my walmart baby bottle brush quickly fell apart . I like that it does n't have the sponge end , which just gets torn up . But I ca n't agree with all the reviews saying this brush does n't spray water on you , I still have that problem . So , I 'm a little disappointed , but it 's a good brush . Works well for my standard-neck baby bottles .
 Good brush , removes he dirt that otherwise can not be removed . Well priced and good grip.A little longer and it would be a 5 star .
 Sometimes a little thing makes a big difference and having the right tool for the job is one of those things . I use a meat grinder several times a week to make pet food for cats and make sausages for myself . This requires scrupulous attention to cleanliness . One of the parts was a little hard to clean on the inside , but this bottle brush makes the job a breeze . It is both flexible enough to easily clean the interior , while the bristles are soft enough not to scratch the metal . I also found it to be an excellent tool for cleaning the square glass containers that I use to store milk in the refrigerator . As you know square kitchen containers can be tricky to clean . This brush is long enough for half gallon containers , but it could be a little short for larger containers . For my purposes , this brush would have been a good purchase at twice the price .
 I bought it to wash the Stanley Overtime Food Jar . I ended up using it to wash bottles , glasses , pots and all kinds of stuff . It is very effective in cleaning things and it is soft enough that it does not scratch or hurt . It would be better if the bottom is flat so that I can put it on the counter .
 I bought a water bottle on here -LRB- amazon -RRB- as a Christmas gift this year and got this to go along with the only problem i had with this is that it was an add on items and not included like i first intially thought so i had to place another order so i could get the brush but otherwise a great companion for the bottle
 It 's a simple product , but very useful . Lone enough to clean my 40 oz water bottle . Holds it 's shape we 'll an the bristles do n't seem to be fraying or wearing quickly .
 When it arrived , it was crushed at the top , and held that shape , seemed like it would n't be able to clean bottoms of glasses . I thought , just great , and nearly threw it in the trash , but in a drawer instead . A couple of days later I found it , and it had bounced back . Now , it 's used regularly and does get to the difficult to reach bottoms of glasses , mugs , anything . $ 5 is still too much , but it 's a good brush .
 scrubs well , and the bristles are quite flexible . can not possibly fit small bottles with small necks . the grip is good but can promote the growth of algae due to the grooves .
 Reaches deep down into cups and narrow dishes . My roommate bought one and when I moved back home I really missed its convenience .
 I would recommend this brush to anyone who wants to use on cups , vases , bottles , jars , etc. sturdy and works well .
 This is a convenient brush that 's perfect for washing Nalgene bottles.It has the perfect dimensions for getting in there for hard-to-reach spots.The bristles are very durable .
 Got this to clean large workout bottles . This thing is great ! High quality OXO Product and it cleans perfectly . It cost a bit more than the average brush from Target , but I really like it . My wife uses it all the time in her large bottles that she uses daily . Amazing how much crud is in those things when you do n't brush them out !
 I used a baby one before but it was not long enough . This one is long enough and firm enough to clean all of my sports bottles .
 I bought this for cups , glasses , and bottles -LRB- we have a baby -RRB- . But it works so well I use it for bowls , forks , everything . The only issue is that the handle slides off easily and so I just took it off .
 Good size and reliable like all OXO products , fits well into most bottles , dries fast , easy to use . Well made .
 This product is very good , and it is what I like to buy it , and it is a very good deal !
 I picked this up as an add-on item to substitute for the stainless version . It seems like pretty good quality for what it is . I have yet to test the dishwasher safeness of either but plan on it . I do wish that these had the replaceable brush head like some of their other products .
 Best bottle brush ever . Sturdy thick handle is soft and comfortable . The bristles are thick and tougher than i thought they 'd be , and it dries well . I use it on the coffee pot too .
 This brush fits into bottles very easily , and does a really good job for things that are not dried on , it 's not quite as effective for gunkier/dried on things , but filling the bottle with water and letting it soak first helps .
 I bought this brush for my husband 's and my water bottles . It 's great . We have larger water bottles -LRB- a 32 oz . Nalgene and a 32 oz . Contigo -RRB- , and this helps me clean them all the way to the inside bottom .
 This brush is awesome . I use it all the time on dishes , glasses and my sink . My other one is still usable but worn after lots of use . You ca n't go wrong with it .
 I like to wash things `` from afar '' - not with a hand held scrubber . I have just gotten in the habit of using this to wash everything so I go through them often . I keep at least three in the cabinet under the sink so I wo n't be without . My local store used to carry this but have stopped for some reason . This Oxo model hols us better than others . I have to admit I 've never washed a single bottle with it .
 It 's a bottle brush . I 'm sure there are bottle brush experts who could wax poetic about bristle material or heft , but for me , it cleans my KOR ONE water bottle . Well done that brush !
 We bought this brush so we could get inside the Bunn coffee air pots . Works great ! OXO Good Grips always seem to last longer than other brushes on the market . Important from a cost control standpoint but also from a food safety standpoint because the bristles do n't break off or fall out .
 I use it to clean a narrow neck stainless steel water bottle I bought on here . Does a good job . I would n't be able to clean the bottle without it so it is worth every penny . It is basically a small toilet brush . But it works ... just do n't use it on the toilet then to clean bottles with ! : - -RRB-
 These work well and have a 7.5 &#34; handle . If your bottles are taller than that , you will have to look elsewhere .
 This works great for both narrow and wide mouth bottles . I was not sure if it worked for narrow bottles after reading reviews here that it may not work for narrow mouth bottles . Glad it worked for my narrow mouth bottles .
 We use it to clean our Nalgene 32oz water bottle . The hole in the handle was a great bonus also , we added a ribbon to it so we can hang it up to dry after .
 It 's larger than I expected -LRB- so it may not fit inside small-mouthed bottles -RRB- but otherwise it seems to work fine .
 I really have no complaints about this bottle brush . It is only that I have discovered another brand of brush which I like better than the OXO brush .
 Put quite simply , OXO has done it again ! The quality of this Good Grips Bottle Brush exceeds all expectations in both design and execution . The engineers at OXO are experts at what they do and their dedication to customer satisfaction is clearly seen in this superb brush . Anyone who has purchased any OXO product will testify to the satisfaction one feels in using said product as well as the incredible value OXO always presents . The OXO Good Grips Bottle Brush satisfies as no other brush possibly can because no other proudly displays OXO on the label . OXO defines value , excellence , durability , and satisfaction and the Good Grips Bottle Brush is virtually OXO writ large .
 Its very sleak , clean and easy to use . It drys up faster than the sponge one from Walmart . What I do n't like its it looks exactly just like my toilet brush .
 It 's funny you sent this review , since we never got the brush . I forgot all about it . The Thermos was the main purchace and I forgot all about the brush . How do I go about getting the brush sent out ?
 Works great for cleaning coffee tumblers and works pretty effectively on a CPAP reservior . I 've also used it on my 1L Nalgene bottle and it cleaned it very well . Its next test will be my 3L CamelBak reservoir . I found if I quickly roll the handle quickly between my hands with the brush head in the empty sink basin -LRB- to catch the spray -RRB- , it dries very fast .
 OXO Good Grips Bottle BrushI use these brushes to clean out my thermos bottles . They get the bottom well scrubbed becausethe bristles are n't just on the sides but also cover the bottom of the brush , so you can clean all surfaces of glasses , cups , and especially thermoses.I also use one of these brushes to clean out the little squares inside my clothes dryer drum where the lint filter is . The bristles grab and hold onto the lint.We 've used a lot of OXO products in our home because of the quality and ease of handling.I 've liked almost all of these different kinds of OXO products .
 Nice rubber-like grip . The bristles get the bottom clean.As with all the OXO products I own I 'd buy this again .
 We have a couple different sized stainless steel bottles and this brush works well for cleaning them , we use this brush solely for that rather than also using it for dirty dishes or anything that might contaminate it with gunk . It 's pretty soft anyway , so probably would n't , for example , be stiff enough to clean the dried latte residue out of your travel mug . But for water bottle cleaning it 's perfect.I do n't understand the water-in-plastic thing , let alone the millions and millions of bottles being thrown away daily . Although recycling the plastic keeps them out of the landfill and many other places they tend to be discarded , it takes more energy than producing a new plastic bottle . How about we just stop the plastic water bottle madness ?! This brush and a couple stainless steel water bottles , and your average tap water -LRB- some areas might need filtering -RRB- are the way to go .
 This is great for normal washing of bottles but it 's not quite stiff enough to use if things are stuck on the bottle . Of course typically you should n't have things stuck on your water bottles . I often use mine for orange juice though and I like my orange juice to be darn near chewable . If I do n't rinse it right after I empty it then I get the pulp stuck on the side of the bottle . I was hoping this would help me scrape that off but it really is n't tough enough to do that.Really good for general cleaning though . Works a lot better than my previous method of putting in soap and water then shaking the bottle .
 My hummingbird bottles need regular cleaning . They are glass with a narrow opening at the top . It is about finger tip size and I was hoping that this brush would fit but it did n't . So I ca n't really report on how well it works , but it does appear to be well made .
 Ok this is a product which simply fills a specific need , and satisfies that need very well . In other words , `` does what is says it will do on the tin '' . Bendable so it gets to the nook and cranny 's . I 'm happy with the purchase , and would buy again if I somehow break this one ... `` melt it ? '' . Not quite sure other than loss or theft why I would need another one though .
 It 's hard to find a good bottle brush and a good price , and this is it . It fits into narrow bottles and the bristles are soft enough not to scratch .
 I bought this brush to use with my hydration bottle and my kids funtainers -LRB- which I love as well -RRB- . I have been having this brush for about a year now and it still looks new . I use it daily and run it through the dishwasher every night . I also use it on my nonstick pans since the bristles are soft enough to not damage the nonstick surface.I would purchase again if needed but no sign of that anytime soon . Would defiantly recommend to a friend : -RRB-
 Cleaning the bottom of bottles and tall , thin cups is n't a problem anymore with this thing . It 's very durable and has a great grip and it works incredibly .
 I love this brush . It really is amazing how this product makes cleaning cups , travel mugs , pitchers , tea pots , and so many more items easier to clean . After debating for quite a while I decided to buy it . If you are like me and wondering without kids if you need one of these ... you do ! Wonderful product . I would buy it again in a heart beat . A nice quality product that will withstand years of cleaning . No more fighting to get the sponge in hard to reach places . ^_^
 I use this daily to clean various sports bottles and travel mugs and it works great . It shows no signs of wear after seeing daily use for a number of months .
 Just the right length , flex and brush head width for the 27oz non-insulated and 20oz insulated Kleen Kanteens . It reaches the bottom of the 27.1 oz Voss glass bottle with about 1 in . of the handle sticking out of the bottle . However , it will not fit into the mouth of the 12.6 oz Voss glass bottle .
 I finally got my old Nalgene bottle cleaned out that has been hiding at the back of my cupboard with this great brush . I thought the bottle WAS clean until I saw that the slightly cloudy film that was on the very bottom was not there anymore . I could n't be happier knowing that I wo n't be drinking anymore germs or excess cleaning products that failed to rinse . When this one wears out I will purchase another .
 It gets 5 stars for the quality of the product . 1 star for the price . I paid close to $ 8 for this here at amazon . Found out that Target is selling for $ 3.99 . Ouch .
 I researched this brush before buying as I have done on all my purchases . This particular brush has softer brittles and therefore flexible into getting in the tight surfaces . This is great for wine glasses , mugs , and in general surfaces like bowls . I had a previousw brush similar to this , but not flexible ... You will not be sorry . Hope this helps .
 was offered as an add on for my Contigo Autoseal Stainless Mugs ... . glad I got it , have used it for many other slim glass or plastic drinkware items ... much better than my old one
 I bought this as an &#34; add-on &#34; item . It serves its purpose and does exactly what it 's meant to do . I like that I can use this is any of the bottles/coffee tumblers I have . I have a feeling it will clean my food processor lid quite well when I do n't have time to throw it in the dish washer .
 Product is just write for any cups . Oxo is one of my kitchen favorites . This brush is also easy to clean after use too .
 I bought this for my very large Tupperware bottles that i couldnt get washed properly and i refused to spend as much as Tupperware wanted for ther cleaning ... no offense i know it would b a # 1 product but just couldnt bare to spend that much and i love this brush . Its just what i needed !
 Best bottle brush I have used . Just wish the bristles were a bit stiffer . However , because the bristles are soft , they easily get into corners . I rehab wild birds and I use this to clean water containers . The handle and wand are flexible , comfortable to use .
 Very good quality and nice feel to the handle . This is not an exciting product by nature , but anything that makes your chores a little easier , lasts a long time and treats your pocketbook with some respect is ok by me .
 I use this brush to clean water bottles , vases , mason jars , coffee mugs , etc. . Works great for more delicate items like glass stemware too . Sturdy ; well-made . Comfortable rubber handle , and bristles stay in tact -LRB- have n't warped or fallen out after many uses -RRB- .
 Got sick of trying to wash out water bottles and coffee travel mugs . Bought this and it works great . Love how easy it is to clean these things now , seems silly but makes a big difference . Highly recommended
 I run an in-home daycare that uses a lot of sippy cups and also use a lot of reusable water bottles . This brush has held up remarkably well ! It has n't &#34; scratched &#34; the insides of the bottles or cups . You can also throw it in the dishwasher to clean it . I have n't used the sanitize cycle or heat dry because I do worry about the bristles melting but it comes out clean and stink free . I did n't give it 4 stars because the handle is thick enough that if you try and hang it up on a hook is lays a little funny against the wall .
 Softer bristles than expected , but seems to work well . It 's actually larger than I imagined , but works well . Would n't hesitate to recommend this product .
 I use this brush a lot . I take a thermos to work most days , and this is perfect for cleaning it out . The bristles are kind of soft , flexible , and it cleans so well . I love it .
 Have had this for a few months . Perfect for my Klean Kanteen , other sports bottles , and wine-ware . Would absolutely recommend .
 I bought this brush for a thermos to clean inside . It is very convenient for using in bottles , vases , and other stuff where your hand can not fit in .
 This is your standard bottle brush , good for cleaning bottles and baby food jars . It does a good job on the sides , but an imperfect job on the bottom -LRB- this is typical of bottle brushes , due to the shape of the brush -RRB- . I drop a paper towel in the bottom and use the brush to push it around .
 I use these types of brushes for my soda stream bottles which I carbon water in and then add flavoring if I want to . The bottles can not go into the dish washer so this brush is great for hand cleaning those bottles . Also it is great for people who carry around reusable metal water bottles since the bristles are non-abrasive ! This is a solid company -LRB- good grips -RRB- and I usually find them at bed , bath and beyond but online it was so much easier and cheaper to buy this product especially since it was Super Saver shipping .
 Exactly as described !!!! As you read the product info , you always wonder if products like this are what they describe them as . This one is .
 I am so thrilled that I found this brush ! I was looking for a long time for a good brush to use with our nalgene bottles . They are hard to clean with the small mouth but this brush allows to get all the way to the bottom of our large nalgene bottles and cleans them well . If you have Nalgene bottles , you need this brush .
 The VP family purchased this brush initially to clean water bottles , but quickly discovered it also will clean the inside of our glass Chemex and the bottom of our hand wash Thermos as well . The bristles have never absorbed any odors from coffee or tea and the brush does an excellent job reaching the bottom of a 8 cup Chemex . We use organic soaps , but we do not put this brush in the dishwasher . It dries quickly and stores in our silverware drawer .
 We have had a couple really nice bottle brushes that have recently just given up completely and we needed replacements fast . We looked at all the stores we regularly haunt , but did not find anything of a satisfactory type and quality . So online I went and found this great sounding brush and decided to give it a tryout , so far it has performed flawlessly cleaning all sizes and shapes of bottles and containers of all types as well . Overall this has been a great purchase , and I hope they have these in the future for when this one gives up the ghost in a few years ...
 I bought this brush to clean out my 16oz narrow mouth Nalgene bottle . This brush works well . I would recommend it .
 I got this brush to wash thermoses and it works great . The bristles are not too stiff so you can get it through a pretty small bottle opening . Cleans easily .
 i bought this mainly because my protein shake bottle has a narrow opening , so its hard to wash without a brush like this . the brush is very easy to use , makes life so much easier . and the quality is very good .
 I understand that most reviews on here are not reviewing it for baby bottles , but it worked great for me . I was looking for one that would easily navigate the narrow bottle necks , but also be able to clean the narrow tubes of my breast pump equipment . This did great ! I was able to clean my Madella breast pump much better than with my original munchkin brush . I found several others at the local grocery store , but their bristles were either too short to make their way all the way to the tip of the bottle nipple , or their necks were too thick so they could n't navigate the pump equipment , or the bristles were so scratchy they would damage the plastic of the bottle causing more issues with build up/residue/decreased visibility and left me unsure if they were `` clean '' necessitating more bottles . This brush has n't given me any headaches yet . Thrilled . Given how often I use it I 'd love it it had a `` cap '' of some sort so I knew nothing got on it while we were rinsing adult food in the sink , but < shrugs > that 's pretty minor . We have yet to see if it holds up to the regular sanitizing steam baths we submitted the other one to . So far so good though !
 I got this to go with my new coffee container . Very quick and efficient to have this around and i can use it with tall glasses as well .
 I love this bottle brush ! It 's long enough to get into our very tall 32-ounce bottles . It 's sturdy enough to move it around in the bottles to get them nice and clean . The way the bristles are situated also helps get the bottles clean . I 've used in glass vases and other narrow necked items and because it is so slim there are very few bottles it wo n't fit into . It has also lasted longer than several other bottle brushes we 've tried . Very pleased !
 I purchase this brush with a mug for my husband , but now I this brush more than the mug . I even use it to wash my 2-years-old 's Avene bottle . The neck is flexible and long enough so you can reach all the angles and make it all clean . Ultimate brush !
 I bought this bottle brush because i bought Nissan water bottle and I love OXO products and I knew it would be great to clean my water bottle as opening is small
 I bought this brush to scrub the inside of my olive oil bottles . From the photo of it , I thought it was a smaller , narrower brush than it actually turned out to be . Unfortunately , it 's too wide to fit through the openings of those olive oil bottles . However , it 's a terrific brush , and I found a different , better use for it
 This bottle brush is wonderful for cleaning all those hard to reach spots in water bottles or kettles . It has a lot of bristles but can still fit through most bottle necks . Highly recommend to anyone wanting to keep their water bottles sanitary .
 I bought this to claen water bottles for my bike and travel coffee cup . It works great and I even use it to wash the grandsons bottles
 durable , flexible , excellent for cleaning up juicers and the glass Aquasana bottles . The rubber handle is comfortable and has a great grip .
 Long handle and soft bristles make this OXO Good Grips Bottle Brush user friendly.It is also made very well .
 I have a SIGG water bottle that needed cleaning . My first search resulted in a special SIGG brush that was ~ $ 9 . This was ~ $ 4 . In combination with Efferdent tablets , this brush works great to clean and refresh the bottle and remove the metallic-y smell from my bottle . -LRB- DONT BUY THE SIGG TABLETS -- SIGG Tablets are 24 tablets for ~ $ 8 while Efferdent , which works EXACTLY the same , is 120 tablets for ~ $ 6 !!! -RRB- . Be smart people ; Do n't buy the SIGG branded stuff since this brush -LRB- and the Efferdent tablets -RRB- work just the same , if not better for a lot less money .
 I needed a brush to scrub my narrow mouth bottle and this thing works great ! No more nasty algae and mildew buildup for me !
 I bought this to get the inside of wine glasses and other glasses clean . I was very happy to find that they just barely fit into my champagne flutes . good brush .
 The brush ! It brushes ! It feels of good quality . Does n't explode in to a million pieces when I put dish soap on it . Not sure what else to say . I 'd buy again if shopping for such a brush .
 This brush has a long handle and it is flexible with long bristles - gets into every corner . Perfect for bottles , vases and glasses .
 Works well but I wish it 's bristles were a touch harder and there were more of them . But it does work pretty well anyway .
 I shopped around for a bottle brush locally and believe it or not could not find one anywhere ! My water bottles were not getting clean enough so I wanted to give them a good scrub . This worked great .
 I have had problems finding bottle washers that are long enough and durable enough for cleaning thermos bottles , but this brush is ideal .
 This is very soft brush but it cleans very well . Flexs to get in tight spots . Great price for the quality .
 this bottle brush fits in my takeya water bottle , and others , without any issues . it seems to be well made and cleans bottles accordingly . it does what it is supposed to !
 I have a Takeya glass water bottle -LRB- also purchased on Amazon -RRB- and it is pretty long and hard to clean with the brush I use to clean my daughter 's bottles with -LRB- Dr Browns -RRB- . I purchased this one and it fits the Takeya perfectly . OXO makes great products and this one is made well too .
 This is an nice , soft brush and cleans my water bottle perfectly ! It will pack well in my camping gear !
 So easy to wash dishes now . First brush of this type I ever used ... it works great ! I will buy again when I need to purchase again .
 It 's a BRUSH ! There 's really not too much else to say.I think it works great for what I bought it for ... Washing the inside of 32 oz . Nalgene wide mouth water bottles.The handle is long enough so the entire brush does n't have to be in the bottle to wash the bottom.It seems to be pretty sturdy plastic . Great purchase .
 This is a great brush . It is perfectly sized . Has medium/soft bristles that work their way into the corners to clean bottles , cups , glasses , teapots , and anything else that needs a brush cleaning . I use it many times every day .
 Good brush for bottles , jugs and other odd shaped containers , works reasonably well , sturdy , comfortable to use.Only drawback , the end bristles could be of stiffer construction to get out stuck on food and dried out liquid residue .
 well made and fits about anywhere you can think of
 I searched high and low for a bottle brush that would fit in my Nalgene Narrow Mouth water bottle , and that would n't scratch it up . I purchased this on Amazon and it works great ! It easily fits into the Narrow Mouth opening and the flexible neck allows you to clean all areas of the bottle . I do n't like to put my Nalgene in the dishwasher , and this makes it so I do n't need to . The soft bristles do n't scratch the bottle , so my Nalgene continues to look brand new . This is the best bottle brush around !
 This is a great bottle washer , which I purchased to wash the glass drinking bottles that I purchaser here at Amazon . Does a great job -- what more can I say .
 This cleans things I ca n't fit my hand or a sponge inside of . That is all it does but it does it well .
 I now use it to wash cups , bottle , all sorts of containers as well.Great flexible brush .
 A very good purchase . We use bottles to store filtered water and they need to be cleaned regularly . The neck is too small for other brushes I 've tried and this one works perfectly . I do wish the handle was about 2 '' longer but this is a good product and I am happy with the purchase .
 i have a great water bottle except i could n't clean inside of it and minerals etc were building up . This brush did the trick - clean bottle !
 It suits the purpose of all my glass bottles , for juicing and glass drinking bottles ! The handle is bendy to allow you to work around the whole inside . I just love it , as I was a little skeptical if it would fit some of my narrow drinking bottles , ended ups fretted more than I needed to . Love it for the price point too !
 First of all let me say I have only used this brush for water bottles . We have purchased many bottle brushes just to get them home and not work for all our water bottles . This one does ! It is long , thin and it 's bristles are n't so hard they wo n't budge . This is also a high quality brush . Overall , it actually did the job of a bottle brush and did it well ! You wo n't regret purchasing this !
 I LOVE this ! I use it mainly to clean my stainless steel water bottles which are a pain to clean without this brush ! The bristles are very soft so they wo n't scratch whatever you 're using them on and the brush end bends to make it easy to clean those hard to reach corners ! I 've used this brush quite a bit and the bristles are still in great shape !!
 There are so many water bottles out there today that it 's easy to end up with a collection of 10 or 20 before you realize you have nothing to use to clean the very bottom of the bottle.This brush does a great job reaching those tiny corners way down in the bottom of the bottle . The bristles are flexible enough to be pushed into even small bottle necks so it will work for pretty much any water bottle out there today . You can be brave enough to drink tea or juice out of your water bottles once you invest in this !
 Throughly happy with my purchase ! Seems to fit into almost everything , and it is slightly bendy which helps . The bristles are soft and create a good foam within the container I 'm trying to wash .
 when most people see OXO they think rubber.In the case of a bottle brush this is the best . The rubber stem flexes so it does n't stress the glass when it 's scrubbed . It 's also softer so it does n't clank on the glass while you use it.These are way better than the hard stemmed bottle brushes . I 'm glad they 're available again , for a while OXO tried to replace them w / some stainless steel version which was much worse -LRB- & broke repeatedly -RRB- . They probably realized their old rubber design was still best after all the complaints/returns of the `` new improved '' version .
 Since I received this brush , I have put ALL OTHER BRUSHES UNDER THE SINK ; This one cleans very tall bottles and carafes and vacuum bottles ; built study , therefore no need for all the other brushes I wasted money purchasing .
 Bought mainly to make cleaning of my Vitamix containers easier , preventing cuts and/or scratches . But also use it for cleaning other stuff , that are hard to reach with my big hands and does a great job .
 this was just what i was looking for to clean all my reuseable water bottles ... i use it for my sigg , klean kanteen , and nalgene . . it fits in all of them with ease !
 I use this to clean thermoses and oddly shaped drink lids/food storage container lids . The brush works well partially because it is soft and pliable . The strands are long , but bend and push into small crevices and hard to reach areas that stiffer bristles ca n't touch . Simple little tool , but it works .
 Now that is an AWESOME bottle brush . If only they used pink instead of blue , then I would swear to forsake all others and never ever use any other bottle brush in my life ever again . I use it for my stainless steel water bottle , the tall Nissan thermos -LRB- which is also wonderful ! -RRB- and for my reusable carbonated water bottles . I almost gave up an all that and was going to take the route of plastic , disposable bottles because washing them was such an annoying chore . Not anymore ! This brush gets the job done in no time at al , and the grip is wonderful , and it 's very thorough . I ca n't believe it 's so inexpensive !
 This brush is long enough to clean the bottom of my tall Thermos . It is very handy , and I am pleased with how well it works .
 What is there to say - just like everyone else says its a wonderful product . Soft bristles , very versatile . Very happy ! Highly recommended .
 Its a nice size for water bottles . Its long enough so I am able to clean the hard to reach bottom of bottle .
 OXO generally makes a good product . This is a nice brush . But for cleaning out my NISSAN 34oz themas it barely does the job . The handle should be about 3 to 4 inches longer and the bristles could be a little stiffer . A mix of stiff and softer bristles would be ideal . It works well for cleaning out my NISSAN Tea tumbler . Stiffer bristles would make getting the little ring of fine tea leaf residue that always seems to collect at the bottom and just wont rinse out at the end of the day when I finally get home . Its a good product just room for improvement .
 Esay to use works with everything . Glass ware , Bottles , and any drinking container . . good buy will recommend to anyone who owns a drinking bottle
 This is a great bottle brush for the price and works very well . I was concerned it might not fit through narrow bottle openings but it does so very well , and is flexible so cleans all around inside the bottle . Very handy product to have .
 Well made , besides for bottles great for tall and narrow cups . Great kitchen gadget . I would definitely reccomend . Great item for the money !
 I requested one of these as a companion for the Thermos Nissan that my wife gave me for my Birthday a while back . It is just the right length . Moreover , its perfect for wine glasses and other deep drinking vessels . Its now stored in the sink flip-out & handy with the sponge .
 Nice brush and works well for washing out my water bottle and travel coffee mug . The bristles seem to be just about right for providing good cleaning .
 I use thermos daily - this allows me to easily , quickly , and thoroughly clean them . I would definitely recommend this with the purchase of any thermos .
 I recently got a new job and have been driving an hour a day to get to it . So I started taking coffee in this deep thermos mug which quickly became soiled . This brush really does the trick and I have found it so useful for other cleaning operations . Not good as a toothbrush , but good back scratch ! I took of one star because it does n't really look so good , and the whole to hang it should be a smidge bigger so it goes over hooks more easilier .
 OXO Good Grips Bottle Brush arrived in good condition . Big grip handle is great . Bristles clean items nicely . Wish it was just an inch longer to reach the bottom of gallon jugs.Speedy delivery .
 soft bristles , doesnt damage my percolator , or my carafe . great brush ! I put it in the Dishwasher occassionally to keep it clean & sanitized
 MUCH BETTER THAN DR BROWNS ' BOTTLE BRUSH . EASY TO RUN THROUGH THE DISHWASHER AND EASY TO USE IN BORN FREE BOTTLES .
 I have a Nissan 34-ounce stainless steel thermos bottle and it gets real difficult to clean because you ca n't get your hand inside of it to scrub it . This brush works perfectly for that , highly recommend it for cleaning hard to get to places like thermos 's !
 I was sitting on the fence between getting this bottle brush an the other one that had two other attachments . I went way from that one because I read that it was almost two feet long . Too long . This brush is really good . Bristles are soft enough to bend to allow the brush to go through a smaller openings yet firm enough to get the corners . Good product .
 This brush is perfect for getting into narrow bottle openings , the brissels are exrtemely soft as well A + + + + + all around , would recoomend to anyone
 serves its purpose and safe . only complaint is it should be a bit smaller to make it easier on cleaning inside of bottle otherwise highly recommend it to anyone . great for other uses as well .
 This is a nice brush , and with the Good Grips features with are ergonomic and soft to the touch.The only thing I find is you ca n't put much pressure behind your cleaning stroke , as the bristles are so soft . They just buckle under any kind of pushing . For cleaning water bottles it 's great but if you want to clean a stainless steel travel mug , such as the excellent Contigo line , Contigo AUTOSEAL Stainless Steel Vacuum Insulated Tumbler , 16 Ounces , Blackand there are coffee or tea stains -LRB- like in mine -RRB- then this brush is n't going to have much oomph to help abrade the stains away . Next I 'll try baking soda or vinegar and see how that goes . But soap and soft bristles ai n't cuttin ' it . It might not matter even with stiffer bristles . I saw one brush that looked nice with some stiffer bristles , but ... $ 92.00 ? Can that be right ? Anyway , I 'll update after I try some baking soda or other help to get the tea stains out .
 What 's to say ? I bought this to clean my 27 oz Klean Kanteen . I had wondered if the OXO 's handle were too short to get to the bottom of the Klean Kanteen , but it is n't . It works fine . The brush 's bristles are stiff enough for good cleaning also . I am definitely glad I ordered this brush off of Amazon .
 Finally , I can clean inside the cups and bottles ! Works well , cleans well , makes lots of soapy suds . The bristles are soft and strong enough to clean the inside . Soft enough to go through relatively small openings . The shaft is flexible enough for my uses .
 Perfectly cleans coffee mugs ! Love it . Would recommend it without reservations as a bottle brush . Buy as gifts to others !
 It is something I was looking for a long time . The slimness of this brush gets a lot of skinny bottles clean . I have used this brush everyday as we are a sports family and use a lot of water bottles daily . The brush has kept it 's shape and is durable . Great product !
 I have Oxo and Thermos travel mugs and this bottle brush does a very good job to help keep them all clean .
 This bottle brush has a flexible handle and even fits into bottles with very small spouts -LRB- 1 '' or 1.5 '' , I 'm not sure -RRB- . I use this to clean out my bottles weekly and am very happy with this purchase . I chose to purchase this specific bottle brush because it is so highly-reviewed . I bought this to replace a former bottle-brush , whose bristles were attached to the stem with wire -LRB- so they got bent out of shape -RRB- . I really prefer this one , it cleans so well , stays clean , and seems indestructible !
 The bristles were a little softer than I expected - which is nice - they do n't scratch the insides of my plastic cups and still get all the crud off from blended shakes .
 I got this brush to clean my nalgene and my REI thermos -LRB- specifically the 15oz Flip-Top Vacuum Tumbler -RRB- . The REI thermos has a weird little lip right before the opening that 's hard to get at , and this brush does beautifully . It 's also long enough for my standard nalgene , and long enough for my mom 's nalgene that has the narrow mouth . It also made cleaning my food jar thermos easier , although I could wash that with a washcloth if I really tried before.It just feels like a quality product , I 've had it for a little less than a year , and it 's held up quite well so far.It is important to note that it 's too big for standard pop/water bottles and thus does not work for platypus water bottles , but I was n't really expecting that when I bought it .
 I use this mostly for cleaning out my coffee thermos and it works great . The flexible handle allows it to work into crevices you would n't be able to get with a sponge .
 Long enough to get inside the bottles and jars I need it to wash . Sturdy enough to let me feel like it getting the job done . Great product .
 The bristles on this brush are soft as it is not really heavy duty cleaning brush , however I use it to clean my tassimo water tank where nothing else fit thanks to the worthless design of it , but the brush do the job as well , also use for cleaning my coffee thermos
 Not only does it clean the stainless steel bottles I just purchased , but it is a great addition to my sink . I 've been using it to wash glasses , scrub plates , etc. . I love the way it flexes into the grooves and the fit in my hand . Highly recommend .
 Good brish for cleaning stainless steel bottles . What can you say , it 's a brush but it does what it is supposed to do . Recommended for bottles and other dish cleaning .
 This brush is the best especially to clean out small mouthed bottles of all kinds & pitchers . To me the best part of this brush is it 's flexibility to reach places that normal plain brushes ca n't reach like unreachable cracks , crevices & bends & curved glass . This thing rocks & I am very very happy that I purchased it & I will be telling a lot of people about it because it makes cleaning pitchers , water bottles , jars & any think a breeze to clean & I most definitely am extremely satisfied with this wonderful product & wonderful seller that packaged my product so well . Go get one you will be very happy that you did so .
 Fantastic water bottle brush . The Oxo brush is exactly what I hoped a brush made by this naufacturer would be , attractive , sturdy , and lexile enough to get into both small mouthed bottles and under the neck/shoulders of the bottle . Every time I use this , make water bottle , which I use to store freshly made juices , comes out like new clean . The briskes are not abrasive , so they leave no scratches on the bottle , something that I have experienced with other brushes . I highly recommend this product and will most definitely buy again the next time I 'm in the market for a bottle brush .
 I have used this brush for years for cleaning my Vitamix Super 5000 Blender Container Blades . The bristles are flexible yet strong enough to withstand repeated assault from the very sharp stainless steel Vitamix Blades . Not a single bristle has been cut by the blades and those blades are really sharp . It works great for glass tumblers and smoothies cups too . It is durable and everlasting .
 I use this for normal dishes and it is an absolute life-saver . Makes washing dishes so much easier and works so much better on cups and wine glasses than traditional dish brushes . I will never use anything else !
 No kitchen should be without one of these . This has replaced my two other dish and bottle scrubbers . I now use this when washing dishes almost exclusively since it gets down into glasses and cleans the inside of them very easily . I pop it into the dishwasher when I run it . It is flexible enough to get into anything but still sturdy enough to get the job done fast and easy . Works well on dishes too so it 's not just strictly for bottles but for anything in the kitchen . Nice long handle also . I wish I had found this years ago .
 It 's not a very complex product , but I 've had no problems and it 's a lot sturdier than my old one which makes it easier to get leverage inside my water bottles .
 This brush is GREAT ! It 's long enough for me to clean my 40 ounce LL Bean metal water bottle , and my Nalgenes , and my Polar insulated water bottles . The brush really helps me get all of the gunk and deposits built up in my bottles . The brush also seems high quality , and looks as if it will last me for a while .
 There 's not a lot you can say about a bottle brush , it either works or you wasted money . This one works well and is large enough in diameter to clean the inside bottom where the milk likes to hide . ` nuff said !
 I use this to wash out my thermos or tumblers . When I drink coffee I usually add a little chocolate powder , so if I do n't end up finishing my cup it stays at the bottom or it can get on the sides and that can be a pain . This brush helps a lot . It reaches where a normal sponge ca n't and it cleans it well .
 I needed a way to clean the bottom of my soda stream bottles and this brush fits the bill . The soda stream bottles have a thin neck so I was happy that the brush had no problem fitting in and reaching the bottom.Its a brush . Not really that much you need to know .
 Perfect reach to get in all the corners of my new Thermos , easy to use , not too costly and i can use it in almost every other bottle .
 I love the Polar thermal water bottles . But they have `` dimples '' in the sides of them that make them difficult to clean . All my cycling bottles collect a lot of fine road dirt in them . Until now , I 've mostly lived with some residual dirt in the bottle . I add soapy water , close and shake . That gets most of the ick out , but not all . But this brush is THE BEST brush for cleaning out my cycling bottles . The handle is long enough to reach the bottom of all my drinking bottles and gallon glass juice jars . The bristles are soft enough that the brush can be inserted into narrow neck bottles . And they are stiff enough to do a good job of cleaning . I do n't believe in purchasing lots of specialized cleaning gadgets , but this on is a must .
 Sometimes you just need something simple.This brush is perfect for cleaning many sorts of travel cups , thermoses , bottles , vases , and other various hand-wash dishes such as little spoons . Since I 've collected the spoons from around the world , I want to keep them in good shape . The OXO brush is much nicer on the spoons than the dishwasher , and the multiple angles of the bristles make it very easy to clean smaller items.I have also used the brush on hand-wash cups because it is so easy to use . The flexible stem and bunches of bristles means it almost cleans the dish itself -LRB- with soap -RRB- . That said , I use it as a secondary brush most of the time , once I 've scraped off any visible marks . Although the bristles are good , they are not real strong . I do n't think it would scrape off dried dough , for instance.Considering the price , it may be worth it to just stock my sink with several of the OXO brushes , one for every occasion.I have n't washed the brush in the dishwasher yet , I 'll let you know the results when I do .
 I bought this to clean my nalgene Titan bottle 1000ml . It 's perfect . Must have for anyone with a reusable bottle .
 I needed a brush to clean the inside of my Takeya water bottle . This brush did the trick . It feels good in your hands , cleans very well , and it 's of great quality . If you 're looking for a bottle brush , look no further ... snap this up at this great price !
 I bought this brush to clean baby bottles . It replaced theMunchkin Deluxe brush , and here 's why
 Excellent design with good materials makes for impressed customers . This OXO product is definitely worth the modest price . Thanks OXO -LRB- and of course Amazon too -RRB-
 I needed a bottle brush for my water bottles that I take to work and to the gym . This product is just right . It has the perfect length and the brush bristles are n't to coarse .
 I 'm a fan of OXO products and this one is no different . Well made and designed . The grip feels nice and has grooves , the shaft is slightly flexible and the brush is the correct size for what I needed . The only reason I did n't give it five stars is that I think the bristles should be a bit stiffer , otherwise it 's perfect .
 Bought this to clean my Chemex coffee maker but have found other uses for it -LRB- e.g. , French press -RRB- . Holds the suds quite well and the flexible neck and flat bottom make it easy to use .
 I have a .6 L SIGG bottle and found this to be useful for cleaning . I 'd definitely recommend for this purpose .
 I do n't think you could find a better bottle brush than this one . As with all OXO products , it has a soft grip . It has a somewhat flexible shaft with a well designed set of bristles . I have neuropathy , which makes it hard for me to grip many items but the OXO soft grip works perfectly.I am quite pleased with the OXO bottle brush and would highly recommend it to you .
 This thing does what it 's supposed to do ... wash my water bottles and thermos ' . It 's great . The only thing that could make it better is perhaps make the handle the ability to swivel to make cleaning even more efficient . Otherwise , I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 This stick with bristles on the end is the answer to all prayers . Now , if that statement is true ... which , it , is ... -LRB- hey , do n't question if I have anything better to pray for , it 's not my fault my life is nearly perfect and having a good brush to clean bottles with is my only worry -RRB- , Than it is only logical to conclude that god himself sat with Buddha and Mohammed to create such an implement . One may ask , `` What would three gods be doing together , and why would they make a bottle brush ? '' If you were just asking yourself this than you just need to relax . To be honest , I 'm not sure of the bottle brush 's design origins , but I can only assume that it took the power of multiple supreme beings to forge such a masterful tool.This brush addresses two major concerns I have with brush based cleaning tools :1 . Usually the bristles are too stiff and do not lather up very well , and therefore it is tough to get all sudsy , like I prefer . This is the same problem I have with some Loofahs . When I am washing my super model wife I look for the supplest of loofah ; these will aide in the creation of soapy slippery cleanliness . The same goes for when I am cleaning dishes or bottles , I really want to have lots of suds in there to ensure everything is getting clean . But let 's be honest fellas ... the woman should be doing all the cleaning anyway ... and making all the sandwiches , so I am not exactly the master on kitchen crafts such as cleaning .2 . Most bottle brushes are both too short and thick . Now , any woman can tell you that this is a sub optimal configuration . The shortness prevents me from being able to clean at the bottom of a tall water bottle , this brush , on the other hand , is nice and long . It allows me to reach all the way in ... If you know what I 'm saying ;-RRB- . Also , typical brushes have a thick stem ... now while I take pride in the thickness of some stems , I find that this attribute when applied to bottle brushes is n't very useful . The thinner stem allows you to penetrate even the smallest of water bottle spouts , and then once inside , it is pliable so it makes it easy to clean all the sides.This brush really is `` dine o might '' ... If I were n't so busy performing charitable plastic surgery for the homeless , I would spend a lot more time cleaning bottles , because I enjoy using this product .
 Bought this a little early . We have plans for cleaning bottles , but since the baby was just born and my wife plans on breastfeeding for at least 4-6 months , it has found its way into a drawer for now.My wife thinks it looks like a toilet brush and does n't want to use it on bottles.The extended bristles on the end are well designed to reach the flat bottom and edges on the inside of a bottle.Good design ; good brush .
 Decent brush for price , but Walmart has a better brush for less money . It 's up to you . If Walmart is close , get it there , if not , then amazon . Decently manufactured . Hey . It 's a brush .
 This brush can reach it ! Ever see that little spot in the bottom of a vacuum bottle ? It probably wo n't hurt the flavor of stored liquids , but it just bugs you that it is there . Well , this brush will get it out . Squirt a little liquid dish soap in and some water , wait a few minutes , and twirl the brush to get that spot out ! It works , try it .
 This has a comfortable rubber grip , a slightly flexible shaft and moderately soft bristles . I have found other bottle brushes have bristles that are too stiff and do not properly and thoroughly clean the surface . Soft enough for plastic , yet stiff enough to lightly scrub away stuck on muck . The perfect bottle brush .
 This is a great bottle brush . I had looked in several stores and all I could find was a bottle brush with foam attached at the head . Bummer . The foam falls apart and takes forever to dry . This product is worth every penny and the flexible wand adds to its greatness .
 This is a really well thought out design . There are two features that make it stand out from the pack.The bristles are firm enough to clean , but they easily bend to get through small openings . So far , the bristles have snapped right back to their original shape.The best feature is that the handle is somewhat flexible . It has enough bend to it to really allow the bristles to get to the hard to clean areas . I feel confident that I have not missed a spot and the entire bottle is thoroughly clean when I am finished washing.Well worth the price .
 I ordered this brush on Amazon . Do n't be surprised with the appearance upon arrival . It appeared flattened on one side and I was questioning returning it . Within a couple of days , the brush fibers relaxed and it now looks totally normal . Overall , hey , it 's just a bottle brush . It works well and cleans your children 's ears out perfectly when you find out they are not listening to you !
 We bought this for cleaning our daughter 's baby bottles . This does the job perfectly ! The bristles are soft and not to hard so they do not scratch up the bottles or nipples . It has already lasted much longer than the ` baby bottle brushes ' that are sold .
 Nothing too much to it . Nice and simple , but handy . My water bottle is quite tall but the brush handles it will .
 Mine arrived flattened on 2 sides from packaging , but after it got wet it sprang back to its normal shape . It works fine . It went in my narrow-mouth water bottles even though it did n't look like it would . It went in wet but not when it was dry . The opening on my bottle is barely over 1 '' -LRB- about 11/16 '' -RRB- Base Brands 16-Ounce Reduce WaterWeek Bottle , Set of 5
 I got my first OXO bottle brush at Target . I loved this brush and lasted me a long time . When I went to get a new one they did not have it anymore . I am really happy I found it at Amazon . One thing I really like about this brush is that all of the bristles touch the bottom of the bottle to thoroughly clean .
 My large hands make it very difficult to wash the bottom of my insulated coffee mugs -LRB- the manufacturers recommend not putting them in the dishwasher -RRB- . A regular wire core bottle brush does not work very well because there are not enough bristles on the bottom and the wire always bent the wrong way . This brush solves those issues quite well - there are plenty of bristles on the bottom , and the plastic handle flexes and allows extra pressure in the corners yet still returns to its original shape . The bristles are softer than those found on most bottle brushes , but still seem to do the job . I do n't know how durable it will be , but my past experience with OXO products has been very good , so I expect this brush to last a long time .
 Of course I did n't see all the reviews about the bristles being too soft to do a good job of cleaning the bottles until AFTER I ordered it , but I am so glad I ordered it before I saw that . The brush came today and I used it in one of the 40 ounce kleen kanteen bottles that had mold ? something black inside the bottle and it worked great ! Clean as a whistle ! Love this brush !
 This brush cleans a half-gallon milk bottle , but it 's - just - barely long enough . If it had another two inches of handle , it would be five-star for this use .
 I 'm picky about everything I buy , including cleaning utensils . I want the best -- something that works well and is n't expensive -- so I do a lot of research . This bottle brush works great ! I mainly use it for my Kleen Kanteen water bottles . The brush fits through the bottleneck . It is very flexible so it also cleans the underside of the top curved portion of the bottle -LRB- hope that makes sense -RRB- . Will not try another bottle brush .
 It would have been helpful to know the diameter of the end of this brush , as it does not fit into narrow-mouthed bottles -LRB- as a previous buyer noted - I should have listened ! -RRB- However , it is a great quality tool , and works great for washing pots , because you do n't have to turn your hand as much , so it 's easier on the wrist .
 Fits nicely into plastic SodaStream bottles without forcing . You 'll get splashed a bit on pulling it out if you 're not careful , due to the bristles `` popping '' out of the bottle . But I think pretty much any bristle-type bottle cleaner is going to do that .
 I purchased theOXO Good Grips Bottle Brushto clean my Nalgene bottles and Vita Mix blender . The flax meal I use in my smoothies tends to cling to the inside of my containers and blender . A standard bottle brush is just too short . The length of this brush is perfect for this type of task and the bristles are gentle , yet thorough for a quick cleaning . Get it !
 i have tried many brands and types of bottle brush and now i finally found the one.this brush is just enough soft and flexible to clean bottles well . The bristles are soft and yet sturdy to withstand pressure . Unlike rubber/silicone based brush whose bristles have no strength to stand straight , this will easily clean corner without having to jam the brush into the corner.Another good feature is the lenght , it is around a foot long , so you can use it to clean your vacuum flask/thermos easily as well .
 This is great for cleaning out long cylinder like thermos that i can not reach inside with a sponge . I use it for the stanley thermos though it reaches just short of the opening so its a little hard to grip with my whole hand . Wish it had a holder of some sort so it does not just lay on the counter after using . Otherwise this brush is a great purchase .
 This is a nice , high-quality bottle brush.It 's very long , so I can clean my huge bottles as well as little ones . It has a nice rubber handle on the end.The bristles are n't too stiff to get it through tight spots , nor too weak to scrub the bottle effectively.I 'd buy it again .
 Bigger than a baby bottle brush but strangely more useful . This brush is not going to fit into a bottle that can be sealed with a cork . It is however great for Nalgene type water bottles , teapots , bread tubes , the medium size aluminum thermoses -LRB- ? -RRB- thermi -LRB- ? -RRB- . It reigned victorious in both its duel against the aging chef wizard thingy and an accidental spin -LRB- handle first -RRB- in the garbage disposal .
 Oxo makes some great products and this is no exception . This is my favorite bottle brush ; I must own at least four of them . They are the right size for most jobs and work extremely well . And they are durable as well . Excellent product .
 My wife 's Nalgene bottle has that narrow opening that 's impossible to clean without this brush . The brush itself has some great firm bristles , and the stem has some slight flexibility , but will stay firm and does n't seem it 'll break unless you 're deliberately trying.We also have the baby bottle brush from OXO that we plan on using for bottles , so if it 's anything like this bottle brush , I know it 'll work splendidly .
 It is surprisingly hard to find a brush like this . I just wanted it to be able to clean my travel mugs really well . I do n't like putting them in the dishwasher and a sponge does not reach everywhere . This is a great brush for a good price . I have been using it for about a year and it still looks great , the bristles do not wear easily so I think it will last for a long time . I am now able to reach all those touch spots in my travel mugs , carafes , and vases .
 This is one of those tools that you may not think you need , but once you get it , you realize you ca n't live without it .
 For years I had bottles and other narrow-mouth containers that needed cleaning . I would always find some way to cram a sponge or blast hot soapy water in there . I knew bottle brushes existed , but for some reason I just never got one . Somehow it came to mind to buy one on Amazon . This one is definitely a winner . It does n't scratch like the cheap little ones my mom has . The long bristles and slightly flexible wand mean it can really clean just about anything very thoroughly . Just do n't accidentally mix it up with a toilet bowl brush .
 Flexible , bendable neck that fits into tight spots . But not big/wide enough for drinking glasses unless you want to move it around the perimeter . Not much more I can say about it !
 my husband meant to order a bottle cleaner that would fit into particular bottles we have with narrower openings . this is WAY too big for that . conveniently though it works great for cleaning all our glasses and muffin tins whenever i need it . so it worked out for everyone : -RRB-
 This is a good brush for the money . Not much more that you can say about a basic item - I 'm happy with it .
 The brush is very handy and thorough in cleaning out the mixer I purchased . It is exactly what I expected and performs well .
 This is probably the best Oxo product I 've purchased ! It is supremely flexible and adaptable , and I 've used it to clean all sorts of things around the kitchen and in fact the whole house.AND , when you 're done ? It cleans itself in the dishwasher ! How cool is that ?! You 'll love having this thing in the kitchen -- perfect for cleaning out water bottles , condiment bottles , whatever you have!Recommended without reservation ! : -RRB-
 Very sleek look and great grip on this bottle brush . Simple , yet effective , does n't have that cheap look or performance that some do . All-in-all ; great brush !
 Does a great job and is flexible enough to get to the edges ! Dries quickly so I can put it in the drawer .
 a low cost item that does what it is supposed to do . i will buy another one when i need it .
 its a good onedefinately recommend to everyoneits great that i bought this for my thermos water bottlenothing else to say besides its just 5 bucks
 This is a good brush that does the job well . I bought it to clean bottles and my coffee pot . It seems to have held up over time so no complaints .
 I use this to clean the inside of my glass vials for homebrewing beer . Works amazingly well with it 's bending neck to get the side walls .
 This is the 2nd OXO bottle brush I 've purchased . The first one lasted a year , great product . I would have given 5 stars if it was black -LRB- as shown -RRB- and not mostly white . Sellers
 I have been buying OXO Tot Bottle Brush with Nipple Cleaner and Tommee Tippee Closer to Nature 2-in-1 Bottle & Nipple Cleaner prior to getting this brush . I thought the Oxo was great but brought the Tommee Tippee on sale for only couple of dollars . I would n't buy the Tommee Tippee for $ 1 after using it since it really does n't clean all that well . The OXO Tot Brush is nice but the top gets destroyed after a few weeks so I keep finding myself buying more and more . The OXO Good Grip has held up very very well and cleans well also . It looks like it 'll last me a few months each so I 'm saving money buying this vs the other OXO . What I do miss is the Nipple Cleaner but I saved the ones from the other one and use it separately . I ca n't be finding myself buying brushes all the time so Good Grip it is .
 See my review about the Brush Storage Set . It 's an overall review of the brush system . The storage device is fine , no problems with it .
 I have many OXO products . They are all great quality and highly functional . This bottle brush is no exception . I recommend .
 Good tool to clean Coffee Mugs , Jar , Coffee Pot and things . Brush is little soft but it does it 's job well .
 Soft Bristles for your finest glass wear but still does a freat job of getting that hard to reach film out of tight places . I would recommend this brush . Much better than those brushes available in local shopping stores .
 I stockpile these . I prefer these to sponges and these make it easy to clean the delicate glasses and the hand-trapping traveling coffee mugs/water bottles .
 This is wonderful to use to clean all of my glasses and bottles . Works great ! Made very well . Good quality .
 I have several blender bottles and big 32 ounce tumblers that I drink from . Cleaning the bottom of these things was a pain until this brush . I use it all the time .
 this brush is the best of its kind I 've ever used . The brush collapses easily to get through any bottle neck and then expands perfectly down in the bottle to wash it very effectively - and compresses easily to come back out with no resistance . Handle is plenty long enough to get to the bottom of any tall narrow container where a normal adult hand can not go . Highly recommend it .
 This is an excellent product and it has worked wonders on my grout.I received it in a timely fashion and am very satisfied with the product .
 I bought this brush to scrub the slate and grout in my entry way , and it is a strong , sturdy , heavy duty brush . Works great !!!
 The brush works very well . If I had one complaint it is that when you scrub in a circular motion , it flips whatever you are scrubbing everywhere . You just have to scrub a litte slower . Overall satisfied . Does the job .
 Another great product from Oxo . They hardly ever miss and they did n't this time either . Perfect for cleaning grout and other stubborn areas .
 Pros : - DurableCons : - Difficult to hold on to with wet handsI used this brush for the first time to clean about 1000 sq feet of grout lines over about 3 hours . It does a pretty good job and appears it will hold up to do the whole job again a few more times . Once my hands got wet , it was difficult to hold on to and finding the right angle to apply brushing force was nearly impossible . The solution to this was to keep my hands dry . I tired to use this brush for other tasks as well , but it is really only designed to do straight back and forth scrubbing . I will buy this brush again when the time comes for a new one .
 This little brush made quick work of cleaning soiled grout in the bathroom floor with a mild general cleanser .
 I love this brush for grout and other narrow places . Worked nicely on the tops of baseboards .
 This is easy to hold and did a great job for us . We had really dirty grout lines . This brush and baking soda cleaned them right up .
 Takes care of an impossible job that I have been dealing with for over 40 years . How to get the dirt out of the thin space where the shower doors overlap . Finally help has arrived .
 I bought this brush along with Hoover AH30285 Floor Mate 32-Ounce Tile and Grout Spray to clean my white tile/white grout in my kitchen . It looks amazing ! The tile/grout has looked like crap for years . . do n't know why i did n't buy this sooner .
 Brought it and was glad I did when I attacked the grout for the tile in my bathroom . Worked great ...
 I was using a bigger brush while cleaning the bathroom and realized I could not for the life of me get into small nooks and crannies as well as corners while cleaning ! So onto amazon I go , in search of a bathroom brush . This one looked like it fit what I was looking for so I bought it . The bristles are hard which is excellent for scrubbing and the long rubber grip handle is great . I was able to get into all the nooks and crannies and the bathroom is now spotless . I love OXO products !
 This is an excellent accessory to go along with your McCullough Steam Cleaner . Even if you do n't have the steam cleaner , they are better than a tooth brush on grout .
 Elbow grease required . Cleaning solution required . Dirty grout or shower floor required . Now , get cleaning ... it wo n't get clean by itself .
 This brush is a partner in house cleaning . The angle of this brush allows me to get into thosehard to reach area , i.e. shower stall corners , shower doors , corner grout areas .
 I use this a lot on cleaning grout on my tile floor . It is shaped perfect for this and is a quality OXO product , sure it will last for a long time . It get a lot of use at our house .
 This is a great grout brush , with a nicely designed handle that 's perfect for giving the grout an good ole marine scrub . Unlike the other reviewer , I think this makes a lousy dish brush . The brush is designed stiff and narrow . For a dish brush , I would prefer something with more surface area , like the ones OXO makes .
 we purchased a floor steam cleaner which does a great job on the tiles , but ca n't get the grout . This brush does clean the grout very well , in a short time.It is constructed well , and designed well , so the hand does n't get tired .
 I have used this for about a year and it is holding up really well ; a good sign for any cleaning brush . I used to struggle with a plastic scouring pad becaused I didnt know a cleaning tool like this was available . My wife found it on line . It is an excellent tool that really helps getting the job done fast and right
 This is a great brush for smaller tile areas , such as shower or tub walls . Probably not what you would use on a large ceramic tile floor , unless you are only going to spot clean an aria . Unless of course you do n't mind being on your hands and knees cleaning a large area.Living in Florida I have over 2000 SF of ceramic tile area to clean , and I do n't think I would care to do it on my knees . I am looking for a sturdy grout brush such as this but with a long handle . So far I have not been able to find one that suits me.This brush has a row of very stiff bristles in the center , and another row going around them that are not quite as stiff . The handle is quite comfortable to hold and work with plus feels sturdy enough to apply pressure . It did an excellent job on my shower wall grout , and some spot cleaning on my floor . This brush is also great for cleaning along wall edges and corners.Oxo Good Grips makes some great products at reasonable prices , I know since I have some other items from them . I would definitely recommend this brush .
 I have white tile in all the bathrooms , and the grout gets stained . Nothing for it but to scrub the grout occasionally . Not my favorite job , but this brush is comfy and the handle is at the right angle.Here is the recipe I use to make grout cleaner . I think it works better than commercial sprays and it 's cost-effective :1 / 2 cup of baking soda1/3 cup of ammonia1/4 cup of white vinegar7 cups of waterPour this into a spray bottle -LRB- not one use previously for bleach ; I would suggest buying a clean , new bottle at the hardware store . -RRB- Spray on , scrub . Do not ever mix with bleach ; ammonia and bleach release chlorine gas from the bleach and it is instantly toxic to the lungs and can overpower you quickly .
 I first tried an old toothbrush to clean the grout between our floor tiles -- it worked , but was a LOT of work . This brush made it so much easier . Wo n't ever try to clean grout again without it !
 I ordered this Oxo grout brush to go with the Eureka Environ steam floor cleaner , but the brush came first , the steam cleaner took a month to arrive and still has n't been used . I have been using the brush on grout and dirt on my tile floors -LRB- living , dining , kitchen and hall -RRB- . The tile is rough textured and was hard on my nails when I tried scraping stuff off , but this little brush is doing a great job!I have an Amazon parrot and her droppings were very hard to get up off the rough tile and grout . I am so glad I bought this brush ! It 's great and so far is n'tshowing any sign of wear . My nails and paring knives thank Oxo for making the brush and Amazon for suggesting it when I was ordering the steam cleaner.Update 1/2/13 - This brush gets frequent , tough use - and it 's still holding up its end of the purchase . If you have `` rough '' ceramic tile with improperly sealed grout that discolors easily , you 'll be really happy you have this handy gadget . The steam cleaner sucked on the floors so it wasgiven away , but I kept the brush !
 This works great . It does make you tired - I 'm sure any ` elbow grease ' scrubbing would , but it works . It could use a little bit stronger bristles , but then maybe it would scratch .
 This is the toothbrush replacement . I used to use old toothbrushes to get the little corners of my sink , shower , toilet that i could n't reach , but I now only use the OXO Good Grips Grout Brush . This brush has strong bristles that scrub hard to remove nasty gunk from all over . Pair it up with an all purpose cleaner and you 'll end up with a clean bathroom.I do n't recommend brushing your teeth with this .
 Purchased for my housekeeper to use on cleaning up grout lines that had aged . She used it with a grout solution , brush has held up well and she is pleased with product . In fact she liked the OXO brushes so much - she asked me to purchase additional styles for tight spaces .
 Used this brush with a steam cleaner on grout lines . Those suckers are almost impossible to clean , and I did n't want to use harsh chemicals . The combination of a steam cleaner and this brush made short work of the dirty grout . The handle is good , and the brush is stiff enough to loosen the dirt and grime .
 The best brush I 've ever had to clean food off dishes and pots before washing . After a year , it still works well and looks pretty good .
 This brush is worlds above the cheap ones you find at your local hardware store . Very comfortable grip , and the bristles are effective at cleaning .
 I 'm impressed with this brush . I had some dirty grout in my kitchen and this brush knocked it out with ease and it did n't even bend the bristles . I would buy it again .
 Pretty much every Good Grips product that I 've bought over the years has been great , and this brush is no exception . The bristles are nice and strong , so that even with some serious pushing into the grout of our shower , they do n't bend and stay in place . The hole on this is also a nice feature since it allows me to hang it in the shower for ease of use . Useful product !
 This grout brush sure beats using a toothbrush !! It has firm bristles , a comfortable handle and it sure cuts down on the back breaking labor of cleaning grout . Wish is had a handle that you could screw an extension into so that you would n't have to get on your hands and knees to clean the grout on tile floors . I guess that 's just my `` old age '' and `` bad back '' talking ... but it would sure help ! Maybe Oxo is listening ... lol .
 She wanted a brush to clean off the bottoms of her shoes , so I bought her one of these . When I saw it , I decided I wanted one of these for myself too . This Oxo brush has a very comfortable handle and is angled just right . I like using it to clean those seams where sink meets wall and bathtub meets wall . Even the bristles are just the right mix of flexibility and stiffness so one does n't have to worry about scratching surfaces.For the current price -LRB- five dollars -RRB- this great brush is a bargain .
 I keep this brush in the shower so I can hit little areas while showering , so the mold never has a chance to get out of hand . I like the nice rubber handle . I 've never scuffed my knucles as I have with other brushes .
 The stiff bristles on this OXO grout brush tackle even the toughest soap scum and mildew stains on grout with ease - even older white grout comes out looking nice ! The soft handle makes the chore of cleaning a bit less stressful on your hands , and the length is just perfect for the task of grout cleaning . I find that spraying some shower cleaner , letting it soak for a few minutes , then tackling it with this grout brush makes my showers/tubs come out looking like new again . The bristles on this brush have held up the test of time , and have yet to show signs of wear from multiple use.I would n't go back to any other type of brush again !
 It 's not the best one I 've worked with but it is still a good one.Would I recommend it ? Sure why not , buy one & see for yourself ! : - -RRB-
 Works well on grout , even scrubs the dirt that can be difficult to get . It gets into small spaced with ease too .
 This brush was purchased to a shower in an apartment we lived in . It was terrible to keep clean . I little bit of a bleach based cleaner and this brush did the job well . The handle is also very comfortable .
 It 's a brush , it works very nice , it 's a brush , nice grip buy one and you will see OXO are nice products
 This brush will make a good bathroom brush since it is narrow . It will clean behind the faucet and other tight area 's . I also bought the other set of two -LRB- 2 -RRB- OXO brushes -LRB- a few months ago -RRB- so now I 'm set for cleaning . I can throw away all the old tooth brushes . I have never found anything wrong with any of the OXO products I have purchased . Another great brush from OXO !!
 This is the perfect size for cleaning grout . Together with the powdered bleach it 's a sure thing . Get them together .
 Makes cleaning grout so much easier , used it with
 This brush is a very good quality and works very well on cleaning grout . The rubber handle makes it comfortable to hold . Pleased with the purchase.Seller shipped quickly . Thank you !
 A great multi-purpose brush ! ~ ... OXO Good Grips Grout Brush ... all these items have been great this brand as far as price and quality this is great for some serious scrubbing I like the long handle ! ~
 Love the brush , hate to clean . It does make cleaning your grout easier . Easy to hold on to when you get your hand wet and soapy . Now if they would just make the `` grout cleaning genie '' so I do n't have to clean my own grout , then I would be happier .
 This brush is considerably larger than a toothbrush and grips well in the hand . They call it a `` a grout brush '' ; not for brushing freshly poured grout -LRB- cement -RRB- , but for brushing in grout joints between tiles.I tried the brush in the shower using CLR liquid cleaner and the brush does a fine job of getting the CLR cleaner deep into the joints and the calcium , lime and mold deposits out . Also brushed the shower head several times and let the solution stand . Very satisfied about the results . Because of its narrow brushing head , the brush does well in the commode under the outer lip where fresh water enters and also down deep in the narrows of the commode.I also use this brush to brush the hardware fittings on my boat that have rusted . It works well.The brush is unlike any brush I have ever seen in the brick and mortar stores.When this one wears out , I will reorder another .
 The OXO Good Grips 3781 Grout Brush does a good job cleaning very dirty grout . I 'm using it withHoover AH30285 Floor Mate 32-Ounce Tile and Grout SprayandHoover FloorMate SpinScrub Wet/Dry Vacuum Cleaner , H3044.My process is to spray a heavy coat of the grout cleaner , wait 4-6 minutes , scrub with the Good Grips Grout Brush , wipe up the excess cleaner and loosened dirt with a sponge , and then scrub with the FloorMate.I like the Grout Brush , but there are two improvements I would make . First , I would have a longer handle . With the short handle , it 's definitely a hands-and-knees operation , and that wears thin when you have many square feet to clean . Second , I would make the bristles stiffer . I 've used the brush to clean about 450 sguare feet of tile , and the bristles are already beginning to seem a bit mashed . That might be because I was cleaning very dirty grout , but it does make me think that the life of the brush may not be that long .
 This is especially helpful for those of us with arthritic hands . Scrubbing the grout lines was so much easier than im old way ~ with an old toothbrush . Wonderful too with good design !
 I 'm a big fan of the Oxo Good Grips products generally and this brush does not disappoint . The list price on Amazon is about the same as you will see at most offline retailers but Amazon 's actual sale price makes it more comparable with similar generic brushes in the offline places.The brush is very sturdy , easy to manipulate and clean , and stands up to some tough cleaning situations . The bristles do n't deform under heavy use , which is usually what happens with other brushes I 've tested . We 've found this to be a very solid product and will definitely buy the same replacement whenever this starts to fail .
 After several attempts to really clean some light colored grout in a very soiled environment with a soft bristle toothbrush , I decided to buy a proper tool and quit skinning my knuckles . OXO almost always makes good products , and this is no exception . The bristles are tough enough , and set at the right angle to really get into the grout cleaning process . The handle is comfortable . I have not owned the product long enough to give it a 5-star rating , but if it holds up until all my grout is cleaned at least once I will consider it a 5-star item . The price is right and the tool is appropriate for the job .
 I received this product a week ago and already put it to heavy use . My bathrooms and all the tile in the house have not been cleanned for 6 months . So you can imagine . I found this brush very useful.PROS : PriceGets in between tilesCleansCONS : The brush is not durable . If you apply too much pressure it wears off pretty quick . I will get a couple more months out of it but I will have to buy one more later .
 Handy little brush that really does help you get into all the crevices . We have sliding shower doors , and this brush let us get into and between the frame and the top of the tub where the frame sits . Obviously we 've used this for other purposes , too - anyplace we need to get into itty bitty nooks . It really does help and do the job well.My only complaint - and it 's minor - is that the bristles are n't as stiff as I 'd have liked . I can see already that over time , the bristles will become splayed out and `` warped '' due to the pressure applied when scrubbing . But this is a very minor nit , as it 'll probably be a year -LRB- or more -RRB- before the bristles reach this level and the brush needs to be replaced . It 's not like you use this kind of brush every day -LRB- unless you 're a REAL clean freak ... we like clean , but we do n't scrub down nooks and crevices every day ! -RRB- . For the price , a great , handy , quality little brush that has already made our cleaning routine easier . Do n't hesitate to get this if you need to get into tight places .
 It 's a brush , it works very nice , it 's a brush , nice grip buy one and you will see OXO are nice products
 it was really excellent !! i love it . this is what im looking for . now i can enjoy it ! thank you .
 For the price , I would have been happy with a product that was half as good . But the OXO scrub brush , with it 's pretty ergonomic handle , allows me to clean without much of a hassle at all . It 's bristles are also tough and will seemingly hold for a while . A product that very much continues to make me grow fond of the OXO brand !
 I ordered this scrub brush with the intent of using it on sinks and showers . I first used it when I threw my microfiber couch cushions in the laundry and they came out stiff . I used this brush to easily bring back the softness that microfiber is known for.Since then I have used it for sinks , tile , shower , and linoleum . It has worked fabulously each and every time and it is now my go to scrub brush . It is extremely comfortable in my hand , they did a fantastic job with the ergonomics . It is easy to apply gentle or firm pressure based on the situation.If you need a versatile brush that works well and is comfortable in your hand , this is it .
 This thing is great for scrubbing shower stalls - it gets into the corners and is stiff enough to make short work of cleaning . I was impressed .
 What can you really say about a brush ? Well , it 's ergonomics are excellent for one . Most brushes with a single connection point for the handle are very flimsy . This brush is not flimsy at all . The handle/frame are very sturdy . There are multiple layers/kinds of bristles that handle any type of mess . It 's a great brush . Get it . Make your cleaning a tad less miserable .
 Heavy duty , I have bought scrub brushes before for floor spills and none have worked like this . . Tough and great for every day use if you need it
 This little scrub brush works great and fits everyone 's hands GREAT . I had ordered around 20 brushes for a cleaning project and had a ton of people use the brush . It fits everyone 's hand great .
 I hope itbworked for them , as i have no idea whether it even got there , but i pray it was helpful .
 Superb bristles , a great handle , this is a really well done product . Useful for tubs , floors , sinks , whatever . Very much recommended .
 It does get the job done . It is a superior product . I enjoy having oxo products to help with my cleaning .
 I like the fact that you can use the handle to get more leverage . Cleans really well . Just the right size to fit your hand .
 This product is very good , and it is what I like to buy it , and it is a very good deal !
 I rarely review my purchases . Nor did I ever think a scrub brush would make me so excited , but here I am . Reviewing and excited.The bristles seem sturdy and durable -LRB- I 've only owned it for a day - will update in a few months -RRB- . The handle provides a good grip , although I think it might be a bit short for larger hands . I have hands the size of an 8th grader 's -LRB- I 've checked -RRB- , and it was just right for me.The brush did away with crud on my shower tub that I 've been working at for years , as well as mildew and mold on an old shower curtain that I nearly gave up on -LRB- do n't ask me why we kept it . I do n't know -RRB- . These are both things that I must have invested hours of time and energy on over the last five years with middling results , and with the brush I took care of them in less than half an hour.Color me amazed .
 Brushes are very sturdy and great deal ! Ordering more for other uses such as carpet in the cars and tires !
 to hold and is an effective scrub brush . Another item requested by Occupy Sandy for the clean-up . I have one of these myself !
 well design and constructed for easy use at a very fair price . I have n't found a better brush to buy .
 Love the handle , really good control . Not so wild about how stiff it is - just a tad much for the carpet I want to use it on . But hubby says it 'll break in and be ideal .
 It seems silly to review a scrub brush , but this is just an excellent tool . I 've used it to scrub my shower and it takes grime and mildew right out from the tile crevices and I 've scrubbed a few other things with it . So far , it has done everything I 've asked of it , working with little effort compared to other things I 've used to scrub , and it still looks almost new . I &#34; m getting ready to order two more for our home .
 I sort of ca n't believe I 'm leaving a review for a scrub brush , but this is truly a much MUCH better product than the ones I 'd been using before . Previously I 'd thought that any brush would do , and just nabbed one at the CVS or Walgreens . But this brush has made me realize that cleaning could have been easier.I use this to scrub my bathroom sinks , primarily -LRB- with a handy mix of baking soda and cinnamon -RRB- , and it does n't scratch them at all . It also seems to glide over surfaces more effectively , while also giving them a thorough cleaning.Am definitely getting a second one of these for my kitchen sink .
 I have always kept a hefty scrub brush around for I have an old kitty that loves to toss up her dinner occasionally , plus a young puppy that often feels left out and follows suit . Scrub brushes are easy to find and probably never considered here much on Amazon . But trust me when I tell you that not only is this a terrific brush , but it is also very hard to find in stores . The power behind this baby is its contoured plum like handle that sits directly on top . It gives you maximum comfort for your hand while directing the brushes where you want without you getting tired and the brushes just slipping lightly over the stain . The handle and the brushes are of a great quality and and I bought two for different parts of the house . Definitely a vast improvement over the usual handles we all are used to seeing on brushes like this , and at a very fair price here on Amazon . The best , and highly recommended ...
 Seller was efficient and product is excellent , seems like industrial strength ... not one of the kitchen brushes I bought in the past from the local Target that wore out quickly .
 So this is the must-have for cleaning floors ! Our rental home has tile with many grooves/bumps and I was having a hard time getting it clean , with 3 little kids under 5 ! Even getting down and scrubbing with a toothbrush just was n't cutting it ! I bought this to use with a carpet cleaner , and it gets the carpet fibers great too -LRB- along with the cleaner -RRB- ! I also use it on the natural stone in the bathrooms , and it has n't been this clean since moved in ! Never had a scrub brush in my cleaning supplies before , ca n't believe I did without it for all these years ! A Must-Have tool for your home ! Love it !
 I really enjoy cleaning vegetables with this brush . The handle is easy to grip and the entire shape of the brush feels designed to really apply scrubbing action on the vegetables , compared with the more common donut shaped brushes . I use it on all all root vegetables as well as stalk vegetables such as celery as well as cabbages and brussels sprouts . I also use it to clean apples as well . Also like the fact that I can put it into the dishwasher . Will buy this brush again .
 I bought this a couple weeks ago to use to scrub up some stains out of our carpet and it has worked wonderfully . And while the bristles are delicate enough to not destroy a carpet , they are also robust enough to use to scrub a shower , sink or tub - I 've used it for all of these . This is a bit more expensive than other bargain scrub brushes you might find , but the ergonomic grip really is worth it . If you are going to be using this for any extended period of time , your hands and wrist will feel the difference .
 This scrubber works great for scrubbing down the bathroom without scratching the finish . I ca n't use harsh abrasive cleansers on my tub or shower and this does the job without getting my hands dirty in the process .
 OXO has made another great scrub brush here with this one for me ! I love the ergonomical handle that seems to reduce the fatigue that I would often experience when scrubbing with many of my other scrub brushes , especially in the shower - and it protects your knuckles from the banging that often happens with other brushes as well.I really appreciate the fact that this brush has bristles that are stiff enough to clean and scrub the tiles and grout in the bathroom to get them to a nice sparkle , yet soft enough to feel comfortable to use this on my bathroom vanity countertops without fear of scratching . This brush is the perfect size for so many chores both in and out of the house - in the bathroom , the kitchen , the garage , cleaning tile floors , scrubbing outside windows , etc. . . This even works excellent for use when washing the cars at home to make the tires on the cars -LRB- the black rubber part -RRB- come so clean that they look brand new again ; spray on a little Armor-All after and they are showroom ready !
 When it comes to this type of product I always go for the OXO brand first because I have n't bought one yet where I do not like the grip . They , by far , have the most comfortable grips than any other brand I 've tried and this one is no different . I like how small the brush itself is and how easy it is to use it for long periods of time without my hand hurting . I 've been using it regularly for four months now and it is starting to show wear and tear but you know what ? It 's inexpensive and I like it so much , I do n't mind having to buy a new one . This time , I think I 'll get two : -RRB-
 No quality problem with this product . It is cheap but meet every need you want with this brush . I use them for cleanning hard surface . It really works very well . The brush is either not too hard or too soft . And the design is perfect for its function . I would recommend this item to other people looking for brush .
 This is a great compact dust pan and brush . It helps me keep the area around the birdcage free of feathers and seeds . OXO makes great products . Easy to store , easy to use .
 I purchased this to clean the cat litter that spills out of the box . The bristles are very soft , which means you have to be delicate in brushing . At first I did n't like it but soon realized that if they were any stiffer they would sweep the litter everywhere!It 's very small and does n't take up a lot of storage space , plus the round rubber handle is easy to hold.My only suggestion for improveent would be the lip of the dustpan . The edge is not clean and seems to not sit completely flat on the floor . This is n't a problem if you 're using this to sweep up big pieces of debris -LRB- food , etc -RRB- , but little bits of litter and dust can get swept under it .
 You ca n't tell from the picture , but the pan and brush have a hole for hanging the set from a hook/peg . The hole is hidden in the underside of the black handle rubber.Great little unit .
 I purchased this item to clean up small quick messes that my kitten might create -LRB- and he does -RRB- . Just the other day he got his paws on a plant that the wind blew off the window sill . He scratched out the earth all over the floor . The brush sweeps very well and the dustpan has lots of room .
 As a fan of most stuff from Good Grips , we picked up this dustpan & brush mainly because our current dustpan came with a broom so we wanted something a bit more `` handheld . '' All I can say is WOW . The brush bristles are thick yet soft , so it manages to brush every little crumb into the pan . With most dustpans I have used in the past you can brush and brush all you want but you will still get that little line of dirt that stays on the floor next to the pan . Not this one ! The brush and pan together leave little to no remnants of whatever you are sweeping up.We actually have ours in black , which I prefer over the lighter colors because it stays cleaner looking .
 It is so handy - it has a little hole in the back of the handle , so you can hang it somewhere - I hang mine right on my kitchen wall . I use it every day !
 I picked this set up because it was so cute , but as it turns out , it 's been great to have on hand when my toddler tosses her cheerios from the high chair . It 's compact and I like how the whisk fits right into the dustpan . And the price is right , too !
 I bought this during a special sale , and could n't be more pleased . It 's very well made and works wonderfully for those quick little clean-ups around the house .
 Like most OXO products , this is a bit more expensive than other options , but also a bit better quality than other options . I like the rounded end and the way this helps join the brush to the pan . Works well .
 Back when I was a pre-teen in the 1960s , before the emphasis on health , regular market brand toothpaste was chemically too strong for the interior tissues of my mouth . Regular market brand toothpaste lifted a thin layer of skin inside my mouth . This was visible whenever I talked . To avoid embarrassment , I carried a tissue around all day removing the excess skin from my mouth 's interior . Companies began to add more chemicals to their toothpaste which caused me extreme skin irritation both inside and outside of my mouth . As an adult I started a search for a herbal , gentle , and natural toothpaste and tried many brands that failed me . I finally tried Auromere.Auromere was the absolute solution to my problem and I have been using it for many years . Auromere is a healthy alternative to regular toothpaste , gentle on the mouth , pleasant tasting , and a delight to use . I have had fewer cavities since using Auromere . If you are sensitive to the market brands of toothpaste , or just want good tasting toothpaste , then Auromere is probably the ideal product for your teeth . Thank you Auromere .
 Got this to replace a short broom which my boyfriend complained about because he 's tall . At first when I opened the -LRB- huge ! -RRB- box it came in and took it out , the broom looked like it had been used ; however , upon further inspection , it looks like that because of the feathered ends . My only complaint is that when we first used it , it was difficult to get the dirt and grim out of the bristles into the dust pan ; it required lots of extra shaking .
 I have several Siberian Huskies - so shedding is a daily and voluminous occurence . This is the first broom - and I 've tried over 6 - that works to sweep up the dog hair and does n't just send it flying across the room . I 'd never buy another kind again . I 've owned one now for several years and it still looks brand new .
 It nearly killed me to pay $ 20 for a broom but I was looking for something better than the rest so thought I 'd gamble and try the Good Grips since I like their other products . It 's kind of small which suits me because I 'm smallish -LRB- 5 ' - 4 '' -RRB- and I do not have any vast expanses of hard floors to sweep . This one is easy to maneuver around chair legs , under tables , and into corners . It might be uncomfortably small and/or short for tall people or those who have very large areas to clean . I give it four stars because it 's not all that extraordinary except in the looks department . Hopefully it will last forever and if it does then I 'll know I did not waste my money .
 This broom is the best.The bristles are fine enoubgh to pick up the small stuff , most brooms are to course and just snap the dirt away from it . This is my third broom and I would n't buy anything else .
 This is a great broom . The last broom I bought was in 1949 and it was a Fuller . It is still working , tho tattered so is now relagated to the barn ... The Good Grips did come in a huge box but was no trouble . I was not sure about the shape but now that it is here it is a great innovation . Have no fear ... buy it !
 It 's a little spendy for a broom , but it 's comfortable ! As with all OXO stuff , it 's pleasing to the eye and has that soft rubber grip that 's easy on the hands . High quality , ca n't imagine having to buy another broom after this one . Works great !
 I have an older Oxo broom in the same style as the new one I just purchased . The bristles on my original broom are a bit more rigid which I like better . The new broom 's bristles are very flexible and a bit `` springy '' which causes whatever is being swept to scatter out ahead of the broom . The new broom is still better than others on the market today , so I will keep it while I continue looking for one with the old style bristles .
 As with most OXO products , this is a high quality indoor broom . Not everyone will need a higher-end broom , but if that is what you are looking for , this is one to consider .
 I 've got hardwood floors throughout but I needed to get into corners . I already have the OXO dust pan so thought this would do the trick . It did ! The bristles stay clean after use . Also , I want everything , even a broom , to be well designed . All OXO products have a good look but follow the adage `` form follows function '' .
 I 've had several of these over the years . Best tweezers in the world . Except for the last ones I got -- just as somebody else said , these only met at the tip , not down the rest of the slant . Cheap tweezers from the drug store would have been as good . I returned them , but had to remind the seller to refund my money , since it had n't appeared after a few weeks . Not a happy experience .
 I recently tried different brands of tweezers ; I have come to the conclusion that for me Tweezerman has the best performance tweezers . I also recently purchased the Tweezerman Stainless Steel Pointed Slant Tweezers to give it a try , I was excited at first because it pulled out the finest hairs on my face , I have use them every day since I purchased them , the performance of the tweezers diminished over time , they still work , but not as good as when I first bought them . I have to pull multiple times to get the hairs ; they tend to slip from the tweezers . They are still better than , other brands
 Really good for gripping . I highly recommend this tweezers . I will never use another brand . Helps get the hair and the root and is n't very painful .
 I have been using this for over a year and a half and it still works great . The tip is very precise , able to grab very short hair but not so sharp that it would cut or break off the hair -LRB- a problem I had with other tweezers in the past -RRB- .
 got charged for this product-never received it but it was `` returned by customer '' so i only received back the price of the item , not the shipping.as for the product-i already own one of these and i love it-that is why i was trying to buy a spare one for travel .
 There 's really no bells and whistles on this tweezer , it tweezes , as advertised , that 's it . That 's not to say it 's not equally as fine as any other tweezer ... there 's just nothing that sets apart ... but that 's ok , because it 's a tweezer .
 Works great and now I go to salon less for waxing . Gave one to my daughter so she will wont take them !
 Have played around with cheap tweezers for years that only half work . THESE are goodTweezerman Stainless Steel Point Tweezer in Assorted ColorsWent back and bought a second pair .
 I rated this Tweezer 5 stars because it is extremly accurate , sharp when I need it to be at the tip , easy to use , comes with a plastic cover to protect the tip of the tweezer - overall a great product . Nothing bad to say about it it other than I wish it came in different colors ! Buy it and you will not regret it !
 I 'm one of those people who can never bring themselves to fill a sink with water and soap and do dishes . It always seems like too much of a commitment . Especially if you just have a couple of pans to wash . I just want to grab a scrubber and a dish and go at it.Obviously , something with soap built in is a big plus , and I used to use those soap dispensers with a sponge on the end . The problem with those was that the soap would either leak out faster than I want , or not at all . And if you are n't careful with the sponge , it gets all mildewey and nasty . And inevitably the sponge gets nasty from cleaning anything particularly nasty , and also inevitably falls apart at some point , and finding the right replacement sponge head is always a challenge.This brush is PERFECT ! It ROCKS ! You can control exactly how much soap you use , and the brush is great at scrubbing off hardened , baked on stuff , and it never gets dirty at all , no matter how nasty the thing you are cleaning is , because NOTHING sticks to the brush at all . I 've been using the brush for months now and it still looks brand new.I 'm sure that eventually the brush will start to get all bent and mashed , so my biggest fear is that they will stop making this brush , and I 'll have to go back to those inferior sponge ones . So , that is why I 'm writing this review to encourage everyone to buy one of these brushes , so they do n't ever stop making them!You wo n't be disappointed , trust me !
 I 've tried other soap dispensing brushes , they 've all fallen apart -LRB- or , leaked -RRB- within 6 months . I 'm on my second month with this one , and everything on it looks solid as a rock . I 'm hoping to pass the 12 month mark with it and at the moment I 'm expecting to do so .
 I 'm make protein shakes in a personal blender at work , so I needed something convenient for washing a small , fixed-blade blender pitcher and decided to get this brush . I 've had it for 3 months now . I use it at least 3 times a day , and it works great . I 've never had the head fall off , as another person said they have happen in their entry . I decided to also get one for home . The brush aspect -LRB- in contrast to a sponge -RRB- lets me clean beneath the blades of the blender pitcher . I 've never had soap leak out of it or anything else negative .
 This brush lasted me three years . The dispensing gate has now crack and soap gushes out . So I 've bought three more . I figure in 9 years they 'll have improved on it some and I 'll get the new one then . I hate doing dishes without it .
 I agree with the earlier reviewer -- great product design . And features replaceable heads , unlike all other soap-dispensing dish brushes that I 've used previously . For direct access to this product , go here
 great product . Fast shipment . Thank you . Would highly recommend to others . Milk thistle is a life saver . Everyone should take it
 I actually bought this in a store but then could n't find the same one til I found it on Amazon . It was one of the best dish cleaning brushes I 've used -- also works well on pots and pans . I liked it so much that I ordered a second one to have on hand just in case they quit selling this one .
 Have n't put this to much serious use yet , but it 's stiff enough to do a real scrubbing job on tile floors . Now if I can figure out how to put it on a long handle , to avoid stooping !
 Scrubs well , gets into corners , not heavy , wo n't rust , ergonomic design so it 's easy to hold . Effective product for reasonable price .
 I bought this brush several years ago at Whole Foods and it is still going strong in thekitchen I use it to clean pots and pans and the stainless steel sink ... great brushOXO Good Grips Corners and Edge Brush
 Bought this as a kitchen sink brush . At times I need more power than the standard size kitchen brush . A stiff bristle and comfortable handle make quick work of rinsing out large pots , pans or plates . Fits all my glassware . I gave it a four stars because it is difficult to work much enthusiasm for a cleaning instrument .
 Sturdy , easy to use handle , bristles have not broken off . Great for edge cleaning but not over wide surface areas like walls . Yup , it is truly a good corner and edges brush .
 the brush works as advertized as being able to work the corners that are hard to get to with regular brushes I have tried even with the same manufacturer . Great product and I 'm glad I bought two of them , thank you .
 I love these Kitchen Sink Brushes , there Great for doig the Dishes . There so good , that I had purchased approximatley 4 to 6 of these Brushes .
 After getting this brush I thought the overall size of it might be a problem , but proved it was n't for the things I have used it on . One excellent job it does is cleaning a stainless steel sink . The bristles are long and stiffer making the task less tedious and using about half the time and elbow grease of the way I have been doing it . One thing that could be improved is the handle . It should be just a bit smaller around and have finger notches on the bottom for improved handling . That is the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars .
 This brush has a wide rubber grip handle and firm bristles . What makes it a bit unique is its size - at 11.1 '' it is nearly a foot long . You can use it to clean a large area where a smaller brush would make the job tedious , and in some instances to avoid bending as much due to its reach.The bristles are synthetic and fairly heavy gauge . They can be used to clean corrosive acids and alkalis although this was made for use in bathrooms and kitchens . I tested it on the shower floor and it 's perfect for that type of work.The instructions say this brush can be cleaned in the dishwasher . With most brushes , the high heat of a dishwasher would cause bristles to fall out .
 You get what you pay for ... always . You pay a little more at times but you get something that 's worth the investment . This item is well worth the $ $ $ and I would always want others to give me a heads-up when something is worth the purchase -LRB- and the time to review the item -RRB- . I use this cleaning tool to scrub my cutting board . It does the job and keeps it 's shape . The bristles are firm and do a good job of cleaning.OXO Good Grips Corners and Edge Brush
 This is an excellent shower brush . I hang mine from my shower caddy where it 's ready for use.Gets into corners and the bristles are stiff enough to do a really good job .
 This is one of my favorite cleaning brushes . Gives a great cleaning and the handle is long enough where you 're not touching the chemicals if you choose not to wear gloves . Excellent brush .
 This product is very good , and it is what I like to buy it , and it is a very good deal !
 The head , as mentioned , is much larger than the ones i have had in the past - not complaining though , this thing does its j-o-b !
 I use scrub brushes a lot and I 've used a lot of brushes . For around the house , this is my very favorite brush . I keep one outside and one inside . I use the outside brush around 3-5 times a week to scrub out the rubber water bucket in my dog pen and three big cement bird baths we have around the house . Everytime I use it , I am thankful for it . The bristles are firm and tightly bundled , the face of brush is slightly convex -LRB- very efficient for getting into the little crevices a flat face does n't get into so easily -RRB- and the handle length provides great leverage . That brush stays outside too , in the rain and sun , and it has n't lost a bristle in the six months that I 've had it . The inside brush does kitchen duty and is great for that as well as for bathtubs and showers but for me it really comes into its own as a general household utility brush . Floors , carpet , furniture , screens , anywhere yuckiness happens this brush can handle it . You do n't always need a huge brush to get the job done , just one that works really really well . Like this one !
 I couldnt find a brush big enough for our tiled shower that would get the corners and this works great . Cant say enough about it
 good product , as i expected . arrived quickly and not with a bunch of extra packaging . foil seal was secure but easy enough to tear off without any issues
 Lube is lube , right ? But the stuff was a good price , ordering was a breeze , and I got my order quick ! Very pleased !
 LOVE this stuff . It works great for gluing little bows to my babies head . It is safe to use , holds them on well , dries fast and comes right off with water . Best stuff ever . Glad the nurse introduced me to it ... no more karol syrup for me !
 We use this lube for my son 's twice daily dilations and its easy to use and love the convenience of the container .
 This lubricant was recommended by my doctor due to allergies to many other lubes available . It was really thick and sticky , much different than other lubricants available in regular stores . Once you get used to the different texture , it works great for my purposes . I decided to order via the internet rather than search in medical supply stores . Seemed easy enough , right?Amazon is always my first choice to purchase things because of my good luck with the company and its suppliers . I ordered 2 tubes of this lube from Medical Department Stores and was sent a completely different brand of lubricant and only one tube instead of the two for which I originally paid.I contacted the company directly and instead of a response from them regarding their error , a refund , or an exchange , Amazon emailed me regarding a full refund . The problem is , neither company addressed sending me the correct product . I am very disappointed that a simple order was wrong and getting the correct product to me has been disregarded .
 Good lube as far as lubes go . Cleans up well , no odor and safe with toys and/or condoms . Flip top tub does add convince to the product .
 I had read a review about a problem with service from RYMATT WELLNESS LLC , so I was hesitant to order from the company ; however , I encountered no problem whatsoever .
 Product package is very convenient to use . Product itself works well for its intended function . It is the same product as my doctor uses.I am very satisfied with the product .
 This is by far the best lube that you can ever try ... Give it a try , if you have sensitive skin this is the one you want to try , no irritation and is simply awesome ! Buy tons , that 's what I do hahaha : D
 it was well recommended , thanx , i think it goes well with the pratt urethral sounds set i bought , what a fun pair .
 I think that this is an excellent product . I use it with my client who is a paraplegic . It is an excellent choice and is used by physicians in hospitals .
 My wife and I using this all the time . Gell is clear , do n't stain , and all must scent less , little go a long way .
 I did n't learn about Sugilube until I was reading a review on a toy I was considering . Well ... I decided for $ 5.00 what the heck . Awww ... what a difference . I have tried ten different kinds of lubes and each one has been a disappointment . They were either too greasy , to thin , to expensive , something . But this stuff is excellent , for me anyway . It gives all of my toys the slip they need . It washes off easily with no mess . I would have given it ten stars if could . But I can not so ... I purchased 5 more tubesSurgilube Lubricating Jelly , Flip Top Tube , Eachs .
 Used this stuff to make bubble mix , and got bubbles some two to three feet across ! It works great ! Not sure how well it works for its intended purpose .
 When I purchased , the flip top was n't available . However , I ordered anyway to get a feel for the product quality.The quality is fine . I still will go for the flip top next time , though ... more convenient .
 This is the exact item I used after delivery of my baby girl in March.Works fine and the little tub I reused when the finished the round pads inside .
 Used in the hospital after my wife delivered our first child , these Witch Hazel pads were a big relief to my wife to help reduce the swelling in the area where they had to stitch her back up . AmeriMed Direct shipped it and I received the shipment within 2 days of placing the order . I 'm happy with the product , the speed of delivery and the packaging .
 If you have a child or a bear lover yourself you can not help but love this bear ! I bought it for my son for his constant ear infections in hopes he would like it enough to use it for the heat on his ear . Since all other hot water bottles and heating pads would n't pass his inspection . Well not only does he like it for that he likes to sleep with it all the time ! If you take out the hot water bottle he becomes a great floppy stuffed bear that is sooo soft and when the hot water bottle is in it full it is a perfect size for using as a pillow as well.We have had it now for a couple of months and it looks as good as the day we got it ! I will most likely be buying some again soon for gifts as well . Overall one GREAT item !
 I am glad to have purchased this . My skin improves day after day in the skin brightening and spot fading department .
 I have acne and oily combo skin . The products I use to dry out my acne strip the natural oils from my face . This product has been used for three months now . I do not break out from it and my skin really feels great . You have to keep using it for several weeks to allow your face to adjust . I really like derma e products and I just reordered two bottles .
 All I am going to say is
 I 've been taking this product consistently for a long time now . I was very sick back then and so made a lot of positive changes in my life , and taking Green Vibrance regularly was one of those changes . I do n't know if Green Vibrance is the sole reason why my health improved , but it has so many good things in it , I am convinced that it definitely played an important role , which is why I intend to take this product for the rest of my life . I highly recommend it to anyone trying to improve his/her health .
 I 'm 62 years old , my back was hurting me , even though I was undergoing rehab for it.When I take Green Vibrance , mix it with juice , I can sleep through the night , pain free , without taking pain medication.I feel better as well.I most likely will be buying Green Vibrance on Amazon , because it 's a lot cheaper than Fairway.I would recommend Green Vibrance.Don ' t like the taste , mix it with apple juice.Works for me .
 Like many others , I tried Athletic Greens because of Tim Ferris ' book , &#34; The Four Hour Body &#34; . While AG does taste pretty good , the cost and marketing scheme left me underwhelmed . After reading a bunch of reviews , Green Vibrance seemed to be the next best choice , even though it receives low marks for taste . I had been using Fiber On The Go -LRB- Citrus Puhch -RRB- packets as a prebiotic and decided to add one to my Green Vibrance drink . Wow . In a word , the combination tastes awesome . Fiber on the go &#34; is sweetened with natural Stevia extract . It contains no sugar , and no aspartame or other artificial sweetener . As a natural prebiotic , the inulin contained in Fiber On The Go nourishes good bacteria in the digestive tract . &#34;
 Add Green Vibrance to your smoothies everyday ... it is rich in vitamins and antioxidants and will give you a boost of extra energy !! Remember to store it in the freezer after opening !
 It takes like swamp water , but my husband would experiment mixing it with different juices and mixes to see if we could get it to taste better . But I have to say , it has everything you could possible need in a day for vegetables and that made me feel better .
 The other reviews were right ... it tastes like hay . But mixed with a little OJ and you ca n't really taste it . I have to say I feel a lot better after using this for a month , just a general improvement in health .
 I take this product everyday mixed with OJ , and a bit of whey powder for breakfast . For the first time in my life , I am not deficient in any minerals , vitamins . My digestion is great , and I have stamina ! This blend is great , and I really love it !
 I have used many different greens but this one by far has it all . I mixed it with orange juice to make it more palatable or mixed it in a smoothy .
 THIS PRODUCT ROCKS !!!!!! IT KEEPS MY PH BALANCED , GIVES ME A BOOST IN MY ENERGY , SUPPLEMENTS MY DIET , AND KEEPS MY HEALTH IN CHECK !! I DRINK 2 DRINKS DAILY , ,1 DRINK I TAKE IN MY WATER BOTTLE TO THE GYM , 1 BOTTLE TO WORK.I SWEAR BY THIS DRINK ... IF YOU WANT TO FLUSH THE DAY TO DAY TOXICITY FROM YOUR DIET , THIS IS IT !
 So I would first like to say I am one of those selfish A-Holes that never goes back to rate items though I have purchased countless items off amazon . This is my first review btw.I bought the green magic because I was looking into meal supplements . I am a college football player with no time , a huge appetite and a love for school and lifting weights . After 3 weeks of taking the powder faithfully , I noticed I felt a little more energetic and my body responded more from the things I ate . But that wasnt a good enough reason for me to believe this stuff works . Then my girlfriend came down with a bad case of the flu . I decided its time to put this to the test so I exposed myself to my girlfriend in more than a couple ways -LRB- use your imagination -RRB- . She had became really ill after a while , shivers , heat sweats , migraines , fever , etc. . I began feeling a little funny after a few days of being around her but continued my powder . I was waiting for the day I would be like her the 2 days she was deathly ill from the flu -LRB- Dr. Diagnosed flu for the record -RRB- and it never happened . Over a week later I am still fine . I became slightly congested sneezed a few times and felt mucus in my chest but nothing serious.I am sold on this product and will use it until I am in my grave and if I make it to heaven I plan on asking the guards at the peraly gates '' Hey you guys got green vibrance up here or what ? ''
 I was on this product for a long time and felt great - well , I got on a liquid multivitamin and felt I did n't need this product anymore . I got a kidney stone -LRB- If you 've never had one , pray you never do -RRB- , and then I got a cold.So , is this coincidence ?? I think not . I am getting back on and STAYING on this product . The taste really is n't that bad - but even if you think it is , it 's better than being in the hospital is n't it ?? I 've tried other green products that hide behind `` propietary blends '' so you do n't know what you 're getting , and really , nothing has come close to green vibrance.I 'm just mad at myself for being so stupid as to getting off this product when it was working so well for me . You know the old saying , `` if it ai n't broke , do n't try to fix it `` So , unless you have a PERFECT diet , never ever eat junk or fast food , and drink only highly purified water and lots of it , you need this stuff.And if you have stomach issues , like I do , this product will be a godsend to you.I know there are some people who will knock this product because of the taste , but to be honest - I have a VERY sensitive stomach , and I just mix this in cranberry juice , and I have no issues . It 's hard to believe there are people out there who are even more sensitive to taste than I am , but I guess there are.And I 've tried other green drinks , and believe me , NONE of them taste like chocolate milkshakes.I would even go so far as to say that if you could only afford one product , this would be it as it has so many things that are good for your body .
 I bought this product after seeing it on a talk show and reading the rave reviews . I really wanted something to cleanse my intestines after being pregnant . While pregnant , I was constantly constipated and never really watched what I ate ... from burgers and fries , to chocolate and cookies and l loved all things fried . Regardless , my twin boys are healthy and came out at 5lbs each . Anyway , I 've been using this product for about 1.5 months and its working , I think . The directions say to use a heaping scoop full each day , which I did for the first month and I was going to the bathroom once or twice a day , then I stared going 3x a day . My butt hurt from all that going , so I reduced it to a level scoop which sent me to the bathroom the same amount of times , sometimes even 4x a day . So , I reduced it to 1/2 a scoop , which seems to be working better for me ... going twice sometimesAs for the taste , yes , it tastes horrible . I took it with OJ -LRB- 8oz & 1 heaping scoop -RRB- oh man it does taste like the bottom of a pond ... not like I tasted the bottom of one before . But what seemed to work best is 8ozs of a berry juice -LRB- try Juicy Juice -RRB- and a 1/2 scoop ... it masks the taste better . I must say ... it 's amazing how much waste is in my body . I really feel the difference , I 'm never bloated or constipated by darn I fart a lot ...
 Rosie O'Donnell mentioned this product on Dr. Oz , so I had to try it . I 've used it now for about six months , and I feel great ! Between this product , Rhasberry Ketone , green tea , CLA , flaxseed supplements and sunflower seeds -LRB- saltless -RRB- - 3 teaspoons , no more than that as they become fattening after that , I feel wonderful and even though I 'm 54 , I run circles around the younger agents at the major airline I work for ! I 'd recommend this to any one who wants to live a healthy livestyle -LRB- I do n't even work out -RRB- and have energy ! I like it best mixed in Silk Mango and Strawberry or Banana fruit drink that you can buy from Wal-Mart and have even started putting it in my coffee when I run out of that product ! I know my insides are thanking me and I 've lost over 16 lbs ! -LRB- I 'd hit 158 lbs for my 5 ' 10 '' frame and I could n't seem to lose any weight . I finally got down to 145 and seemed to plateau , however , this morning I weighed 142 ! - something I have n't done since high school ! -RRB- I 'm also tickled to be able to buy a two-month 's supply for $ 50 because the one-month supply I 've been buying from a health food store for $ 50 was getting to be a little harder to purchase each month - so I was tickled to purchase it online , shipping , tax and all for the same amount of money , only double the amount of product ! And it arrived within days ! Amazon - you 're absolutely terrific ! Ginger in Texas
 When I began taking this I was way over weight n I had a normal workout routine , i was getting frustrated a bit cause I was feeling drained n not in the mood to complete my weekly workouts , so I started looking for some kind of booster n something that would benefit my health so I came across this b product n so far I have came a long way , i have great energy during and after workouts n my body does n't feel stressed anymore.i feel the drive to get it done , now I do take other supplements as well but this helped dramatically.I 've lost 48lbs in 9 weeks and I 'm continuing to strive for more , does n't taste bad at all taking consideration that I have taken other greens in the past but this is the best ... try it , its awesome , by the way this is the first review I have ever took the time to complete ... eric g texas
 I do n't consider myself a health nut , but I do like to take supplements that I know will increase my energy and well being . Like most smart shoppers , I was a bit skeptical because let 's admit it , as a supplement this stuff is pretty pricey . It 's almost a dollar a day . The big question is , is it worth it ? You bet it is ! I take one scoop every morning with 6 ounces of water and I definitely notice a difference in my energy levels , my hair , my skin and even a film on my lower teeth is now gone ! I encourage everybody to take the supplement ! It does n't taste too bad either . I take it with water straight up , but I 've heard of many people mixing it in orange juice and other beverages.I fully investigated the ingredients and nutritional profile before I purchased this product . It 's a very high-quality product with only the best ingredients . It 's a great way to get more nutrition and greens in your diet .
 I bought this after seeing it on Dr Oz . Since I am not good about getting enough veggies in my diet , I feel this is a good alternative . I put it in my morning protein shake and at first the taste was different , but edible . Now I do n't even notice it . Sometimes I even throw in a banana . I would recommend this product . Price is also good compared to other sites
 This Really does taste like Grass and makes me feel like some kind of farm animal everytime I drink it , But reading the nutritional label . This is a really great supplement for everyone 's general health
 I 've been using this product for over a year . In the beginning , I drank it with water and it tasted like grass . I have since discovered mixing it in with fruit smoothies and , to me , that 's the only way to go . You can barely taste it . Your smoothie might be brown or green but it tastes so much better . I feel like it does help with my energy levels and I do not get sick ... not even colds . Also , one of the negative reviews always seems to pop up about the iron content issue . This does not seem to be an issue any longer . I 'm receiving version 10.3 and it has 3.74 grams of iron in it . I highly recommend this green drink .
 This product is excellent for the immune system . My favorite way to ingestis by way of a organic smoothie . Rice milk , banana , granola and sometimes blueberriesall organic . Keeps a person young and vibrant . 66 years old and still riding a bicyclealthough a wee bit slower than usual . Got to keep it up no matter what .
 I put Green Vibrance in my smoothies which I have 3-4 times a week . I really think it makes a difference . I could n't possibly get this kind of nutrition from my food . I feel like I have more energy , sleep better and I 'm rarely tired . I chase 3 young children around , work full time , run/workout , and I 'm never sick . I recommend Green Vibrance to everyone I know .
 After trying a couple of servings of a greens powder I picked up at on a whim and having great results I decided to make a greens supplement a regular part of my diet . I researched all the ones listed on here on Amazon , and a two others provided by the `` General '' health food store . After reading all the reviews , and trying four of these supplements over the last 60 days , I have decided that Vibrant Health 's Green Vibrance is the winner by a mile.Heath claims are accurate ! - Unbelievably my heart arrhythmia has subsided ! Maybe due to Green Vibrance providing trace nutrients I had not been getting . - Felt happier with better outlook . Sharper at work with better memory , attention , and accuracy . - Arthritis pain subsiding . My arthritis sometimes hurts so badly at night that it keeps me awake . I have had a lot less pain since I started taking the Green Vibrance and I may add the Joint Health and see if it gets even better . - Sleep really well ! I have really come to appreciate how valuable a good night 's sleep is to my health and wellbeing . I drink my serving of Green Vibrance and take 4 gel caps of fish oil and a 3mg Melatonin and I sleep like a baby . I realized something had changed drastically when I woke up and realized I had slept the whole night through without interruption ! A miracle ! Now I often wake rested and ready to go even before my alarm goes off . - Lots of energy during the day . I was reaching a point where I was REALLY tired in the late afternoon and was truly struggling to get through the rest of the day . After 60 days of taking this I have more energy than I have had in a long time . I exercise at lunchtime . I am getting more things done at home and at work.Some other things to note . - CAUTION !!!! I had read the reviewer who cautioned that this supplement has a lot of iron . I need a lot of iron so that is fine with me , but the `` version '' I got also has 1000 IU of vitamin D per serving . Vitamin D in large doses can be toxic and I had planned on taking this twice a day until I felt really healthy again . Please be cautious and read the ingredients carefully ! One of the reasons I chose this supplement over others was the very detailed listing of ingredients and nutrient levels so I was clear on exactly what I was consuming . Many of these greens powders manufacturers wanted me to be happy with listing `` xxxx grams of a proprietary greens mixture '' . Sorry not good enough ! I want to know EXACTLY what you are selling me . I was especially impressed that Vibrant Health even tells me how many billions of each pro-biotic strain are included in each serving -LRB- I keep getting a picture of some scientist looking through a microscope and counting each one , Ha ha ha -RRB- . - THE TASTE - ok yes , it tastes like you blended some grass and dirt together , but I really like that there is no artificial crap in there to make it taste better . For awhile I added it to 1 cup milk , 4 large frozen strawberries , 2 raw eggs and some stevia in the blender as my breakfast and it 's delicious ! Even my 8 year old picky eater said it tasted good after he got over the fact that Mommy 's ' strawberry smoothie was greenish-gray . Now I just mix it with cup of orange juice and cup water and use it to wash down my pills before bed . Tastes fine that way . -LRB- For those of you who said it almost made you vomit , you should try a spoonful of cod liver oil ! Eweewwie ! I wanted to wash my tongue off with dish detergent after one spoonful , and it was even the orange flavored ! -RRB- In summary , this stuff is amazing and I really think it may have saved me . I now have it in automatic ship every 60 days and it only costs $ 38 that way . Only $ 19/month for all those benefits is terrific ! Thank you SO much Vibrant Health !
 I absolutely love this product ! If you check out my other reviews you will see I do n't rave about everything . I use one scoop with 4 strawberries , a few blueberries , 2 table spoons of yogurt , 4 baby carrots , a small piece of celery , and a cup of water each morning . This mixture tastes delicious like a milk shake , keeps me full until lunch time -LRB- which allowed me to lose 5 stubborn pounds -RRB- , and gives me so much energy I am able to go without coffee . I have tried making this drink without the Green Vibrance and my energy level is just not the same . This is also the 4th green drink I have tried and no other compares . This is now a staple for me .
 I love this product ... my skin and my hair have improved in texture and appearance . This product gives me great energy and I no longer drink caffeine for a boost of energy . Also ... since I started using this product I have lost the craving for cigarettes . This product is great !
 I have felt great after continued use . My Dr. said I needed more greens in my diet . And this is how i get them tho be heart healthy . I mix mine with 1 yogurt and 1 banana . It 's awsome . I have noticed a lot more energy in the morning .
 I love this stuff ! I give it to my kids in the morning mixed with a little orange juice and they all drink it ! It makes me feel better that they 're getting lots of vitamins they need when I struggle to get the daily veggies into them . I 'll even make berry smoothies with it and once they get past the green look , they 're fine . I really do think it helps them behave better , and not crave so much junk since their body is getting what it needs .
 I have been using this product for about a week , less then a week actually.Amazing.My energy is better , I feel more upbeat , less physically exhausted . I feel like my recollection is even getting better ... I 'm more regular , my body is detoxing , this stuff is just amazing ! I 'm even less anxious , I used to have panic attacks and little OCD things ... but they are basically gone ! Though that much I 'm not sure if that is due to the green vibrance or the fish oil I started taking about a week and a half ago , or maybe them working together . I cant wait to see how I feel after a month on it , or more ! This stuff is fantastic , I 've been recommending it to everyone I know , though mostly they go `` ewww I 'm not drinking that ! '' hahaI 'm never going without my Green Vibrance again!It does taste horrible , I mix it with grape juice or cranberry juice and it is n't as bad . My friend who takes it suggests apple juice , though I 've never tried it . I do alot of supplements/herbs so I 'm used to drinking yucky stuff for my health , it does n't really bother me . I just drink it down , and then have something good to drink . I mean , your talking 4-8 oz of juice with the green vibrance , its not that bad , not like you need to mix it into a 2 liter.This stuff is magic!The only problem is it needs to be frozen or refrigerated after you open it , and the container is big , so its hard to fit it in there if your fridge/freezer is usually full .
 I was diagnosed with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome about a year ago through a heart rate variability test and blood work . The blood test results showed a low white blood cell count and high AST/ALT levels . Ever since I began a daily regiment of Green Vibrance , my WBC count and liver enzyme levels have improved incrementally . Furthermore , nothing else has changed in my daily routine besides the addition of Green Vibrance to my diet . The taste is truly awful , but this should not be recognized as food , rather , it should be considered medication .
 I began taking Green Vibrance after my third child was born and my husband was deployed overseas for 6 months . I needed something in my life that would be in balance so why not my health ?! I have to say yes , the taste is nasty , but I found the right mix for me ... I like to mix it with vanilla rice milk ... and my children call it horse food since that 's what it smells like , but once the right blend was found it is n't too bad . The bottom line is that while my husband was away I not once became sick , not even with the sniffles and I have n't been since he has been home for 6 months either . I am so thankful I saw this product in my Amazon search !
 Arrived earlier than expected and love this stuff ! First time buying and Im glad i did . . great in smoothies or juice ... best in Mango juice so far . Some add this to their yogurt . Worth it to get it on amazon for cheaper than in the natural food stores !
 I do n't know , but I 'm really feeling great since I started taking Green Vibrance . To me , it 's worth the money . Amazon had the best price.BobSteelton Pa. .
 Green Vibrance is great for supplementing greens intake ... it is easily dissolved into water which makes it easy to use daily . There is an intense green food taste which is much stronger than wheatgrass . It is best to mix this with something other than water unless you enjoy the taste .
 Vibrant Health Green Vibrance is a great product , specially if you are not eating your veggies every day . This way you get a large quantity of well-being in a scoopful . Can highly recommend it .
 Great if you 're like most ca n't get your daily intake ... Vibrant Health Green Vibrance Family Size Power - 60 Day Supply , 25.4-Ounce ... I Juice ever day and add this in I like to juice cantaloupe and blueberries ... or Apple and grapes ! The taste his better hidden in the Apple grape ! Pricey but Organic Veggies are n't cheap either !
 I have tried a few different greens and this is has become my go-to favourite.It has a multi-vitamin component in it , which makes it have added value . I take this pretty much every morning I 'm at work and it gives me a nice boost of energy before my morning coffee.The taste
 My wife and I both started taking this stuff about 14 days ago . We both have more energy , sleep better , all around feel better . I have nasty allergies and my eyes would hurt all day long . I was an eye drop addict . After taking this stuff , I use my eye drops once a day . Got ta be the green stuff right ?
 I love this product . I put a scoop into my proten shake every morning . Great Price on Amazon . I skipped about 2 months of use and could tell a great difference in my energy level and balance .
 Green Vibrance is great . I have looked long and hard fora natural supplement to suit my body and life style.This is it !!
 Five stars for the Amazon price ... they sell the 30 day supply at a local health food place near me for the same price , so this price for 60 days just ca n't be beat ... I do n't mind the taste , just mix it with a half glass of juice and another half water . I feel good taking it . I do n't eat as much vegetables as I should , so this is a good supplement for me.R
 I AM TRYING GREEN VIBRANCE FOR THE FIRST TIME . I WILL SAY RIGHT NOW THAT THE TEXTURE AND TASTE OF THE POWDER IS PRETTY GOOD . I USUALLY SHAKE IT UP GOOD AND DRINK IT RIGHT AWAY IN A GLASS OF ORANGE JUICE . I HAVE NOT USED IT LONG ENOUGH TO TELL ANY DIFFERANCE IN THE WAY I FEEL . I AM SURE IT JUST TAKES TIME FOR THE BODY TO GET USED TO IT . I WAS PLEASED WITH THE NUMBER AND COMBINATIONS OF NUTRIENTS LISTED ON THE LABEL . I WILL PROBABLY STAY ON IT AT LEAST 2 MORE MONTHS BEFORE I MAKE ANY REAL HEALTH CLAIMS BUT I WILL KEEP IN TOUCH WITH WRITTEN REVIEWS .
 I take a great many supplements , which makes it hard to tell just how effective any given item is , but the Green Vibrance seems to help with regularity among other things.The quantity provided is very generous . The bottle says 60 day supply , using one heaping scoop per day , but I tend to get closer to 90 days out of a jar.While the directions say to mix it with water , the result is very unpleasant tasting . I mix it with a zero-sugar-added cranberry juice , and it is much more enjoyable . It does require frequent stirring to keep the parts that do n't dissolve mixed in , and there is often a significant amount of residue left on the inside and bottom of the glass .
 Vibrant Health Green Vibrance Family Size Power - 60 Day Supply , 25.4-OunceI FOUND THIS PRODUCT TO GIVE ME ALL THE ENERGY I NEED . IT CONTAINS SO MANY VITAMINS AND NUTRIENTS . IT IS SO NATURAL . THE DAYS THAT I CA N'T GET ENOUGH GREENS . iT IS A BIG HELP AND ENERGIZER .
 I 'VE BEEN USING THESE GREENS FOR SEVERAL MONTHS NOW AND BUY THEM ONLY THROUGH AMAZON . THE PRICE IS THE BEST I 'VE FOUND.I 'VE HAD THIS PRODUCT MUSCLE TESTED -LRB- KINESIOLOGY -RRB- TO SEE IF GOOD FOR MY BODY , IT TESTS A 10 OUT OF 10 ! MAKES ME FEEL ENERGIZED , HELPS CREATE ALKALINITY AND GIVES ME THE GREENS I 'M NEEDING SO MUCH , HARD TO ACTUALLY CONSUME THE NEEDED DOSE OF VEGIES , FRUIT , PROBIOTICS , ETC THAT ARE GOOD FOR ME ON A DAILY BASIS.SO HERE IT IS IN ONE BIG SCOOP ! ALL INGREDIENTS ARE LISTED , THATS IMPORTANT FOR ME .
 This is the first supplement that my husband says has really made a noticable difference in how he feels . We love that it is organic and we can be sure we are not getting more chemicals .
 Thank you for your quick shipment and excellent product at a great price . My husband and I use it virtually every day .
 Excellent product . Good quality . Since my husband started to take this , over 4 months ago , he 's noticed quite a difference on how he feels . He mixes it with 100 % fruit juice and has adapted to the taste . Which is n't all that hard to do . This was a reorder and if it does n't get too expensive , I certainly plan on continuing to reordering . Thanks for a great transaction , also .
 I 've been taking half a scoop -LRB- see why , below -RRB- each day for a couple weeks now and I think I do see an increase in energy . Also , my fingernails seem to be stronger and growing faster , interestingly enough.My main reason for posting this review is for folks like me who do n't like the taste of Green Vibrance . I 've been doing the following and it is working like a CHARM :1 -RRB- Fill shot glass 80 % full with cold water2 -RRB- Mix in half a scoop of Green Vibrance -LRB- any more , and it wo n't really dissolve . -RRB- 3 -RRB- Pinch nose , take shot4 -RRB- While still pinching nose , begin to chew on a Lifesaver or other candy5 -RRB- Un-pinch nose , and voila ! You taste only candy!I guess I could do two shots to get the full one-scoop dose , but so far I seem to be getting results with only half , so I 'm not going to fix what is n't broken .
 Good product but in my opinion too expensive for what you get . Now Foods has a Phytofood that is comparable but A LOT LESS MONEY FOR MORE PRODUCT .
 I recently was diagnosed with colon cancer . After surgery I had to take 30 radiation treatments . I was exhausted , so I went to a healthfood store seeking advice . I was told about Green Vibrance . I decided to try a packet . I did notice a difference in my energy level . I went back to the store and purchased the largest jar they had . I took it through my treatments and it helped a lot . Since treatments I would forget to take it once in a while and would feel tired . I now take it daily and can tell you it positively works . I have since stopped an expensive fruit and vegetable capsule I 'd taken for years and switched totally to Green Vibrance . I 'm sold on it . Thank you Green Vibrance !
 I am a physician and recommend this to all my patients - I take care of people with musculoskeletal pain -LRB- arthritis , backs , knees etc -RRB- and 3 different women 's rugby teams and recommend this for its immunity boosting effects and antiinflammatory properties - gives you a great energy boost in midafternoon as well . I also recommend it with Joint Vibrance - great stuff .
 I have tried numerous other `` green food '' powders over the last couple of years -LRB- more on that in a minute -RRB- , and finally settled on Green Vibrance as the highest quality and overall best among all those I tried.It has 3.5 grams per serving of actual `` green foods '' , which is more than many other green products . It also has many other important herbs and various nutrients , and all in significant enough doses and potentcy to actually work . This is also rich in probiotics and prebiotics , which are also vitally important . Best of all , I actually DO get an energy boost from this product , and notice other signs that it is working , including smoother skin , improved mood , and simply `` feeling better '' . Some of the others I tried : Greens + - This is another good `` green food '' product , and if Green Vibrance was n't available , I would go with this one . Very similar to Green Vibrance , but in my opinion Green Vibrance edges Greens + out slightly.Green Magma - This product is high-quality as well , but does n't have quite as many nutrients as Green Vibrance or Greens + . Earth 's Promise by Enzymatic Therapy - Pretty good product , but like Green Magma , it does n't have nearly as many nutrients as Green Vibrance or Greens + . Garden of Life `` Perfect Food '' - Has more greens , but their products should be avoided at all cost . They are way over-priced , and the founder has one of those mail-order `` Doctorate '' degrees . -LRB- His first book is a real crack-up too , with parts of his biography that do n't add up . -RRB- In fact , The Amazing Randy -LRB- a famous skeptic here in the U.S. -RRB- has totally exposed the founder of this company . Do a Google search and you 'll find it . Basically , I would n't trust ANYTHING this company does or makes.Go buy some Green Vibrance , try it for a couple weeks , and you 'll be sold !
 I must admit , even with the 100 + , mostly glowing reviews , I was sceptical when I bought this . I thought that adding this stuff to my diet would have , at best , a negligible impact on my health . I 've never been so glad to be wrong.First off , let me address the energy boost . Now , reading the reviews , I saw plenty of people claiming that this gave them energy , but when I looked up Green Vibrance ' ingredient list I saw that it contained green tea extract . So of course , I thought that the energy boost was from caffeine and nothing else . However , I 'm pretty sure I can tell when I 'm on caffeine . I never drank soda or coffee as a child so I 'm very sensitive to it , and as far as I can tell the energy boost does n't come from caffeine . This product does indeed make me feel energized but it 's a clean , non-stimulating kind of energy , if that makes any sense . It lasts all day too . Simply put , I 'm 25 now , but when I consume this , I feel like I have the energy I did in my late teens.Second , I did n't think that adding it to my daily diet would have an impact on my health because I 'm already sort of a health nut . I exercise regularly and have a diet that consists almost entirely of whole grains , veggies , fruits , legumes , and lean meat . Except for the weird stuff in it like milk thistle extract , I did n't think it would contain anything that I 'm not already getting plenty of ! But my hair and skin are more moist , I 'm sleeping about thirty minutes less a night , and I even feel as if I can think a little more clearly.Now , everything that I 've written can still be chalked up to the placebo effect . However , there 's one more thing it 's done for me that can not be attributed to placebo , the reason I 'll be buying Green Vibrance for the conceivable future . I 've been dealing with chronic dry , red eyes and joint pain since my early teens , and nothing I 've tried , and I 've tried EVERYTHING , has been able to change that . I 've spent a considerable amount of money on internists and rheumatologists throughout my adult life , and none of them have ever been able to find anything wrong with me . I 'd resigned myself to putting in some Visine and popping some Ibuprofen whenever my symptoms flared up , but honest to God , a few days of Green Vibrance has cleared those problems right up . I wish I knew what was in this stuff that could have such an effect on me , and I know it is n't the Vitamin D either because I get plenty of sunlight when I 'm out running ! What I do know is that I 'm completely sold on this product.If , after reading all of this , you 're still sceptical like I was , try a month 's supply and see how it makes you feel . I can almost guarantee that you wo n't regret it .
 I will add to the chorus of positive reviews of this product . It is absolutely incredible and is , essentially , a pharmaceutical grade phyto-nutrient/herbal/vitamin / mineral supplement that works as advertised . I am an internist -LRB- MD -RRB- who happens to believe in nutritional supplementation and the positive effects of `` alternative '' measures to combat everyday ills -- i.e. common colds , body and joint aches , skin ailments , etc. . However , I am also very skeptical about the true benefit of many supplements . I find it amusing that most `` alternative practitioners '' bemoan the fact that most MD 's are pharmaceutical pushers who are lapdogs for the drug companies while the `` practitioners '' preaching this are trying to sell something -LRB- to line their pockets -RRB- ... but I digress . I was suffering from lack of energy , poor mental clarity and had multiple aches and pains like many people have . On a recommendation of a colleague , I tried Vibrant Health Green Vibrance -- of course , after a bit of research . Wow ! This is no placebo effect . Its careful balance of ingredients worked to improve my energy , mood and sense of well-being . I highly recommend it both from an anecdotal perspective -LRB- mine -RRB- and from a medical perspective . I will begin recommending it to patients . One word of caution . . in people undergoing chemotherapy who are neutropenic -LRB- i.e. extremely low white blood cell count -- under 1000 -RRB- the pro-biotics can potentially be harmful -LRB- i.e. even the good bacteria can be bad under these condtions -RRB- . On the flipside , if you are taking antibiotics -LRB- and are not neutropenic -RRB- then I would highly recommend taking this because it is a good way to protect colon health and prevent Clostridium Difficile -LRB- `` C diff . '' -RRB- colitis . Take care and take this supplement . You will not regret it !
 So I 've been smoking since I was 13 , which is about 8 years now . For my whole life I always had no energy , no attention span , no mental clarity , etc. . I started taking this a little over a year ago . I kept smoking while I was taking it.Let me tell you right now , this is what you have been looking for . I got a .73 GPA in high school , and was failing out of college . With this , all of a sudden I could understand everything in my textbooks . I was shocked . I began reading everything I could get my hands on . I was waking up at 6 am every morning on time for class , jumping out of bed full of energy . I began doing 1 mile jogs every morning . I got straight A 's and a B for the first time in my life . The mental clarity and physical energy this brought even allowed me to comprehend emotional issues I was n't confronting . I was STILL SMOKING and eating crap during this time.Now I do n't smoke , eat all organic , and drink this every morning . Vibrant Health , you have no idea how thankful I am to you people for making this . If I get rich once I 'm out of college I will gladly donate to your company . Everyone NEEDS to know about this.Here 's my morning shake :1 scoop green vibrance1/2 banana1 tbsp fish oil/cod liver oil -LRB- carlson 's or norwegian naturals -RRB- 1 scoop hemp or whey protein1 cup apple or grape juice
 i buy this for my ninety year old grandmother who refuses to get a computer . well she looks 60 is at the gym doing step aerobics three days a week . yoga at home at least five days a week . drives her car . cleans the house . she swears by it 's positive effects . who am i to question it . go grandma
 I tried this product while hurriedly on my way out of a `` mom and pop '' healthfood store in Princeton in 1994 . A busy executive and single mom with a lot on her `` to do '' list and mind , I ` humored ' the girl at the doors handing out little cups of green liquid that -LRB- especially at the time -RRB- brought thoughts of `` Jim Jones '' to mind.Within 30 minutes of hurling down the little green cup of what I considered `` slime '' I noticed a profound change in my mental status and energy levels ... so much so that upon completion of my errands , I drove 40 minutes back to the store to investigate the ingredients of the green slime . I was overwhelmed by the list of greens and probiotics but much more so by the way I responded . I took a deep breath upon looking at the price and purchased my first jar.Sixteen years later , I 'm still recommending it to any/every one I know . Throughout the 16 years I have called it my `` Fountain of Youth '' but no doubt it made up for known enzyme and autoimmune deficiencies and more . I have had it independently -LRB- kinesiology -RRB- `` muscle tested '' where the practitioner said , `` I do n't know what this is but your body clearly needs it more than anything else I tested . '' The point here is that I was simply validating to have a 3rd party tell me what I already knew . I also suspect that along the way , the company changed the formulation from the original which made it less powerful - I noticed a change but could not forsake it.So ... 16 years later I no longer NEED GV - I suspect that the probiotics overcame a systemic yeast infection of decades from chronic sinusitis , antibiotics and prendisone.What I do know is that I can HEARTILY RECOMMEND AT LEAST A TRIAL of this wonderful product to anyone with allergies , asthma , immune or GI dysfunction who wants to enjoy vibrant health .
 This stuff is really potent . It 's truly the best Green Powder I 've found to date.You can pay less out there for other seemingly similar powders , but , no joke , do yourself a favor and buy this instead.It 's worth way more than the regular stuff out there in potency value alone . You get what you pay for.I wrote this review in the spirit of saving you some time by avoiding the trial and error approach.Just at least try this first.You 'll be amazed at the new found energy and alertness you experience , and say goodbye to colds as long as you 're on this stuff.It really kicks your immune system up a notch or two . It 's like having a force field against bugs and sniffles , especially if you have kids.You know how easy it is pass a cold back and forth from your kids . Say goodbye to that as long as you 're on this stuff.I truly could n't recommend this stuff any more highly . Just order it and see for your self.Sincerely , Jason Bunner
 I am a gym fanatic and I do n't believe in taking a bunch of chemical crap ... good ole protein and smart eating . This goes in my protein shake every morning . There is a slight `` veggie '' taste to my strawberry shake but it still is tasty . Highly recommend this product . I have tried others and they taste waaaay worse and do n't have half the stuff that this has in it .
 Though I am not a nutrition expert I can say that I have been testing and trying several green mixes over the past years . I use green Vibrance now for more than three years and everyone I recommended this one is more than happy . All ingredients make absolute sense and I can feel the benefits that are mentioned all over . A great addition to the daily food intake in my opinion . well the less yummy taste I overcome buy drinking it with orange juice .
 It 's a green drink ... It 's going to be grassy , but this one is a very fine powder and it incorporates very well in juice , which helps a lot . Much finer than I have found before . I use Blender Bottle by Sundesa , Hand Blender , Sports Bottle , Blue , 20 oz. , quick and easy .
 I have been taking Green Vibrance for years . I mix it w / a little water and about 4 oz of Gatoraid and have a tsp of fruit flavored fish oil -LRB- yum - : ~ -RRB- before exersizing in the AM . I used to have some muscle/joint pain , which I do n't really have anymore , and I 'm pretty darn healthy . I definately recommend this product . Drink up !
 I think I have done this before . But I ca n't say enough good things about this product . I have had digestive problems most of my adult life and since using Green Vibrance - we call it `` green stuff '' in our house - I feel better than I have in years . It is expensive , in my humble opinion , but well worth . It tastes terrible . If it did n't work so well , I would look for something else .
 I have several stomach issues
 My husband and I have both used this product for about a year . We both just feel better when we take it daily . I feel more `` tuned up '' and have better energy . My husband has better color , energy and sleep . I told my brother about it and he has had similar results.Take it daily , if you take it once in a while you do n't get the same long term results . When I ran out and did n't have any for two weeks I could really notice the difference . That is what has sold me on the product . It did make a real change in our health . We are very happy with this product !
 My wife and I have been using this product for over a year . It 's excellent . I have never been able to find a super food that addresses both the immune system and digestive system along with other systems of the body . The fact that just about every ingredient is organically based is also a strong selling point.We juice every morning and add Green Vibrance to the mix for an added kick . It 's a great way to start the day . Much better than coffee.Highly recommended .
 I have serious GERD and am on multiple medications . Since adding Vibrant Green to my daily regimen , my GERD symptoms are more under control and I really notice the difference if I miss a day .
 I bought Green Vibrence from you because I thought I was saving money . So you people jack up the price , and try to get me to buy more . If you offer It to me again , at lest lower the price . I would think about buying more . I spent over $ 800.00 in less than a year on the stuff , and you think Im going to buy more , for more money ? I bought that much so I dont have to hassel with buying it often . My cabenet is full .
 Does this taste great ? Definitely not . Aesthetically pleasing ? Even more unpleasent to look at than how it tastes . Is it worth it ? 100 % yes!The health benefits of this product are exquisite . Reading the label might create a placebo effect of feeling healthier , but that in itself would make me purchase the product . It creates an energy boost a short while after drinking and left my body feeling much closer to homeostasis the next morning . For those who have taste buds of steel , there 's no reason to not take this product at least once a day by just mixing it with a glass of water . However , for those picky eaters who are either taste sensitive , or just now making the transition to a healthier life style , here 's a few suggestions that have worked for me . -LRB- aka , a fellow picky eater -RRB- I also have Vibrant Health 's Rainbow Vibrance , and this is a much more pleasent taste . I consider it a natural fruit punch taste , as do many others who have purchased it . I take a scoop of green vibrance and rainbow vibrance together , and either add 8 oz of apple juice , 8 oz of water with a crystal light packet -LRB- the fruit punch flavor -RRB- , 8 oz of a light lemonade -LRB- the one I purcased is only 15 calories -RRB- or 8 oz of orange juice . Any one of these , or any combination of several of these , SHOULD be able to appease the taste buds and cancel out the taste of the green vibrance.Also , I 'd like to note that I use a small personal blender -LRB- there 's one on Amazon for 15 dollars -RRB- to mix all my shakes . This should prevent clumping in the green vibrance . Warning , it will turn your shakes green!Best of luck !
 I 've included Green Vibrance in my diet for over 10 years . It provides all the greens PLUS -LRB- just read the label to see all the other good-for-you ingredients are in there -RRB- . I mostly put it in breakfast smoothies , sprinkle it on greek yoghurt , or sometimes just mix it in a glass of water -LRB- it 's not about the taste here , just the benefit , tastes like you 'd think powdered greens would -RRB- .
 I stayed away from this for awhile because of the price but Im glad I finally made the purchase . It has a lot of ingredients , and my PH levels are better since using this .
 Vibrant Health Green Vibrance is a great vitamin ! Instead of taking vitamin pills everyday Green Vibrance does the trick . Also , you get your vitamins with vegetables in a liquid form . I still eat my vegetables but with this you have a double wammy !
 I stay healthy and this product may or may not be a factor . I like to think so or I would not be using it.BK
 I love Green Vibrance . I 'm an acupuncturist and I have tried several green drinks . Most of them taste like grass and is very hard to mix . I feel a burst of energy after I drink this , I also add some protein mix and black strap molosses with distilled water . I recomend green vibrance to all my patients , and they love it as well . Good price at Amazon . . I get the 60 day supply . .
 I am extremely satisfied with the product . My energy level has increased and I will consider purchasing another bottle in the near future . .
 This is a great product that gives you energy and the essential minerals and vitamins . Aftery trying diffrent brands i can honestly say this one is my favorite .
 Getting my greens has never been easier . Gives me energy for a good part of the day and I feel healthy because I 'm having my greens .
 Green Vibrance is a great supplement to a healthy lifestyle . It helps with digestive issues and adds a large variety of nutrients . The taste is less than desirable but its easy to mix and shoot quickly . Great product
 I 've been taking Green Vibrance every morning for the last 5 years upon my naturopathic doctor 's recommendation . I suffered with seasonal allergies -LRB- both spring pollen and summer ragweed -RRB- for over 20 years . Often I would end up with a case of bronchitis because of it . I started taking GV in the spring of '05 and have n't had seasonal allergies since ! It must do wonders for the immune system and detoxifying the body in general .
 Love this product . Mix with juice and it goes down pretty well.Perfect for the veggie avoiders !
 $ 100 is the normal price ? My subscription price last month was only $ 41.90 and this month has jumped an ASTRONOMICAL $ 7.31 ! That is an increase of over 17 % . They say the normal price is $ 100 ?????? Come on !
 It taste like a frogs ass but it lives up to the hype my face is clear and I have more energy
 I 've only tried this product and one other brand 's product once , so i 'm not exactly an expert . However , I can tell you this product is drinkable . The flavor , while not yummy by any definition , is not offensive . It tastes like grass or -LRB- if you 've ever tried it -RRB- alfalfa . The mixture was a bit gritty -LRB- after shaking it with 8-10 oz of water -RRB- but not unpalatable . The other brand that I tried was much grittier , so I would recommend this one to the brave souls interested in powdered green foods . Also , keep in mind i initially tried it with a FruitWater -LRB- basically plain water with just a hint of lime flavor and sugar -RRB- . When i mixed it with pomegranate juice the flavor was barely noticeable , though the grit remained .
 I have tried several `` Super Green Food '' products , but I feel this is one of the very best for the money
 This product is amazing my mom who is 59 takes this product and she is essentials off her acid reflux medication completely . I love this product for many reasons overall health is the main thing a great way to get your greens it balances out your ph in a big way
 I have been using Green Vibrance for over a month now and absolutely love it ! Since I never purchased this for an `` energy boost '' I am puzzled by all the posts regarding that or the lack of . That really is not it 's primary purpose!Anyway , as some said - the taste is pretty awful , but then most of them are . I make my own green smoothies at home , and actually love the taste . This stuff is different though , so it takes some time to find the best way to drink it . My doctor recommended it to me , and he said he drinks it with half a packet of the individual Crystal Light peach teas . I tried that and it was more tolerable , but not great . So one morning -LRB- I 'll probably gross someone out here ... -RRB- while fixing my pre-gym chocolate protein shake , I thought `` what the heck ? '' and added a scoop of Green Vibrance . The chocolate flavor almost complete drowned out the grassy taste of it and it is now my `` go to '' breakfast shake ! I think the taste that stands out to me is the alfalfa grass , as I have always found that flavor to be YUCK.Regardless , it is great stuff and I will continue to purchase !
 The taste of Green Vibrance is far superior to the other major green powder that I had been using . Also I like the fact that they detail the ingredients and amount of each in the product . Also you can actually read the label . The other drink I was using had print so small you could barely read it with a magnifying glass and they did not detail the ingredients other than listing the ingredients -LRB- but without precise measurements of each -RRB- . I will stick with Green Vibrance from now on .
 I decided to give this a try after I used a 500g bottle of the Vitamineral Green -LRB- VG -RRB- . I could n't afford to take 2 tablespoons of VG . Green Vibrance is more affordable , while not as fine a powder as VG , but seems to do the trick . I can take 2 tablespoons of this stuff , which I think balances out the filler that it has.It tastes better than VG as well -LRB- more earthy than swampy -RRB- .
 I have used this product for about 2 years in my smoothy every morning . It is a great product . It is one of the few supplements I have tried that really make a difference .
 I try to use daily . but when I do use this product it makes my days better . I work a lot of late night and early mornings so this keeps me going through the days . this product also helps me to eat less since it is filled with so many vitamins I was probably missing in my diet
 I drink this product with orange juice in my bottle blender twice a day . I feel much more energetic and in less pain as I am gradually weaned off steroids for acerbated asthma.The drink has also helped me sleep and improved my skin and hair .
 In today 's fast paced world , we can sometimes neglect to take care of ourselves as well as we should . I use Green Vibrance to supplement my diet . I love this product . The ingredients in it seem very healthy , kinda like those vegetables I have n't got around to eating . When I take Green Vibrance , I really feel like I 'm taking care of myself , that 's a good feeling.Protip
 Vibrant Health Green Vibrance is an excellent product , priced nicely -LRB- compare it to the overpriced Athletic Greens -RRB- , and with full disclosure label -LRB- no proprietary blend nonsense -RRB- . I 've been taking it for weeks now , and past the first day `` not so good '' taste -LRB- before i stored it in the freezer -RRB- i got accustomed to it and actually enjoy the taste now . When i run out i will definitely buy some more , as i do feel like taking it has improved -LRB- and still is improving -RRB- my health and energy levels . I love it ! : -RRB-
 Want health ?!!? The price that you can get this stuff for through Amazon.com is unreal . I paid $ 56 and some change with shipping for a 2 month supply . This is the cream of the crop when it comes to nutrition . At Whole Foods you spend close to $ 100 with tax.Don ' t wait another day ! GET IT ! YEAH BABY !! Chaddy Chad ; - -RRB-
 My job at T-mobile requires me to be alert all day . I find this product to be helpful , especially since I do n't always eat right
 Since taking I have lost weight , felt better , had more energy . I 've done the 30 supplements a day thing . Turns out that Green Vibrance and a probiotic were all I REALLY needed . If I miss it , I notice .
 Great Product . I use it everyday and love it . Thanks for the product being on time .
 Love this powder.Gave me more energy !! . I mixed it with V8 juice and a little pickle juice and it was yummy !!
 I have never taken any supplements before OTHER than my multi-vitamin . I just got mine in today so not enough time for a review yet so there will def be an update in a few weeks ! I would like to take a BIG stick and smack all the whiny reviews/folks about complaining about the taste !!! REALLY ? Sounds like a kid crying over eating veggies lol anyways , I guess some taste buds ca n't hack it . This does NOT taste like mud or dirt or like licking a pond ! I can taste a hint of seaweed and it reminds me of broken down vitamins . ACTUALLY Biting into a multivitamin will taste much worse . The taste kind of reminds me of the smell of a farm hahaha IDK if that makes sense . It is very tolerable to me , I tasted it on it 's own and I mixed it with OJ in a shot glass so I could down it alot faster and it is NOT bad at all ! I have eaten foods from all around so I guess I broke my taste buds in . My son barely turned 4 and i gave him 1/4 of a tablespoon mixed in a shot glass with OJ and he drank the whole thing ! Will update in a few weeks , it 's only been 30 min since I drank it and I feel much better but IDK if my mind is playing tricks on me = P
 Just received my order and it is the 12.0 version . Although I have just opened my order , I 'm happy and confident that I made a smart purchase for my health . Before ordering , I picked up a smaller supply from my local healthfood store to test it and as a comparison to what I was previously using . I used to take Vitamineral Green as my daily nutrition supplement but had to stop because of cost and a change in my employment situation . I can honestly say that I feel confident of getting the same benefit from this AND getting a two month supply for less than the cost of a one month supply of VM .
 I bought this product looking for a good supplement to provide my body with the vitamins and minerals I do n't tend to get enough of each day , or ever > this has been great and it tastes good too . I recommend mixing it with orange juice and stirring it up . It blends great and I notice my belly is not as bloated and I am able to use teh restroom on a regular basis . My body is happier and so am I.
 I learned of this product through a video by David Wilcock and I decided to give it a try . I 've been on medication to keep me awake throughout the day due a ` medical mistake ' years ago . With this I feel better and I stay awake with a lower dose of the medication . ** All if this was done with doctor supervision ** Consult YOUR doctor first !
 I will continue to use this product because I can feel the difference from when I do n't use it . Great ingredients .
 There 's so many green-powders out there - hard to know which one to try . Good value ; nice flavor and consistency , blends well . Recommended .
 I like the way it feels and I keep the container in the freezer , as suggested . I 've been an Amazon subscribe & save user of this for over a year . However , about halfway through -LRB- on multiple tubs -RRB- it gets a progressively worse taste and not nearly as fresh at the beginning . I 'm suspecting that the tub itself is not very good for in the freezer and need to put in a different storage container . Anyone else have same experiences or storage suggestions ?
 My nutritionist suggested Green Vibrance , and to be honest , I was skeptical . I 've had `` green drinks '' before , and they smelled and tasted the same
 This supplement product is wonderfull , the list of ingredient is endlessly amazing and the taste is not bad at all , the more liquid you mix it with the less you taste it .
 Nothing like it . Just keep it comming . However I only need l 60 day supply every 60 days now I am recieving a 60 day supply every 30 days .
 I 've been using this product for about 6 months and really LOVE it ! I mix it with a low cal vanilla shake and it tastes really good , however , it 's not too bad by itself -LRB- just very green tasting -RRB- . This product gives me more energy and seems to help keep me `` regular '' as well . The price for this item is around $ 90 in most health food stores so buying it on Amazon is the way to go .
 Like all green supplements , it does n't taste fantastic , but this one is palatable . I prefer to take a shot of it and chase it with something . If you put it in a shake , you will taste it . You may or may not like it . The taste is somewhat akin to nori -LRB- or laver , if you 've had it -RRB- .
 This stuff is wonderful ! I feel like it 's perfect for Americans who for the most part have acidic diets . I have not gotten sick at all since I have taken this . I think it 's been almost a year now . I notice on the days I miss taking it I feel more anxious , and have less energy , and tend to not be as happy . When your body is happy that makes you happy . I really believe that we are what we eat . I highly recommend this product . I recommend , however , even if this is a food and not really a vitamin , to still start out with a small amount because people can have bad reactions to anything . This is a wonderful supplement ! Thanks Green Vibrance !
 be sure to buy the 10.3 version which is the newest product versus their 10.1 version - read the label - I called the comapny and they told me this is the newest formula - they did not say it was better but they did n't say it was n't ! The Amazon price is a huge savings vs the on-line or health food store price -- does 1/2 the price mean anything ?
 I definitely feel great after my morning `` Vibrance '' ... but sometimes I have a hard time getting the last little sip down ... it is gritty . My husband makes fun of me though , and he has no problem with it , so I guess everyone would n't agree with me on that one :-RRB- Overall ... great product and definitely worth a little grit to have all the benifits !!
 I 've been on a health kick lately , just trying to focus eating better and healthier . I came across this product here on Amazon and it had such great reviews so I ordered it . It 's great ! Yes , it may not taste like candy or anything , but it 's really not bad . I make my green smoothies every morning for breakfast and lunch - 2 scoops of Green Vibrance powder , 2 scoops of Whey protein powder , 2 cups of unsweetened almond milk , 1 scoop of fiber powder , and 2 cups of frozen fruit . Mix it all up in my awesome Ninja blender -LRB- It makes the best smoothies !!! -RRB- , and I have 2 of my meals for the day . I 've been doing this for 2 weeks now and I have felt so much better . I 've really been more energized . Actually , a couple of people have commented to me about how much more energy I have . For a while there , I was feeling fatigued all the time . And as a side note , I have lost weight doing this , too , which is great ! It 's nice knowing that I 'm getting more vitamins and minerals that my body needs .
 Every household should have a jar of this product in the kitchen and everyone really ought to have a dose each day ... even if someone has a great diet of veggies and fruits . We can not get enough greens as they are wonderfully detoxifying .
 I heard of this product from a friend and tried it . Its taste is n't bad and Amazon has the best price I could find . Hope this vender stays on Amazon and keeps the great price for this product . My sister tried it also and said it helps with her energy levels throughout the day .
 This is good stuff . I add this to my glass of apple juice every day . And since I have recently begun a vegetarian lifestyle , it will be a great benefit to me . After opening tho , it is best to keep it stored in the freezer . That 's what I do , , , , , :-RRB- lol Good Buy !!!!
 I have been taking this product for about a year and I love it - it mixes well with whey protein and fruit and does not have that grassy taste that some green powders have . Great ingredients , great price and excellent service !
 After reading other reviews that different vendors had different versions I decided to order from Amazon and I received the 10.3 version -LRB- same as the one at wholefoods -RRB- . I am really active and notice how much more I sweat during workouts while taking this product I also notice a major difference in how my skin looks . The taste is pretty grassy but I do not mind it .
 Such a great price for such a great product!Can ' t buy it this cheap anywhere else.And it arrive so quickly . Highly reccomend this vendor .
 These greens are an excellent way to supplement your diet and improve your health . The price is much better than any I have found anywhere . I take these everyday and will for the rest on my life !
 This product has so many benefits to it ! I am currently using it to help keep my nutrition in check as I am dealing with lymes disease . You mix the green powder with 4-6oz of a non carb drink . To be honest , it is n't very tasty ! It tastes ` green ' that 's for sure ! If they had this in a pill form , it would be a lot easier to want to take . I mix it with orange juice and drink it quickly ! The benefits outweigh the taste though : -RRB-
 So much of your daily needs . I add it to low calorie gatorade and smoothies . I can really tell the difference when I do n't have it daily . The taste gets more tolerable over time .
 I have been using this product for almost 6 months now & can definitely tell a difference . I highly recommend it !
 Product was easy to take and did not taste bad . It does not look good but very easy to take and very little after taste . I would tell anyone who does not eat green veggie to try this . It is really a good source for getting the green veggie you need with out eating so much .
 This review is a copy of my review of the Kilo size GV but I wanted to rewrite it for those who may only want to buy it in the smaller size.I was VERY leery about trying this product , BUT , to my surprise , it is the best tasting drink on the market . I truly thought it would have a `` green aftertaste '' and I was wrong , it is just a `` delicious '' taste.I mix mine with either 8 oz of pineapple juice or orange juice -LRB- or a 1/2 and 1/2 combo , add 1/2 scoop of ON Platinum Hydrowhey or ON Gold Standard Whey Strawberry flavor , and a scoop of Vibrant Health 's Rainbow Superfood . Each shake costs me less than $ 2.40 to make . IMHO , MUCH cheaper and better for you than any other shake on the market!It is so good , that I will occasionally have another shake in the afternoon . Yes , it is a bit pricey , but compared to other products , this is far superior in quality . Amazon does have the BEST prices and if it is purchased in the bulk size , you get a better deal.I also believe that Vibrant Health 's policy of letting the consumer know EXACTLY what is in each scoop of powder is terrific . God only knows what is in the `` proprietary '' blend of my former shake ! So , I would try it and buy the small size first , then if you like , buy in bulk , because it will be cheaper!Enjoy !
 I use this product every morning with a glass of juice . Makes me feel great and I 'm getting my veggies . I 'd suggest to give it a try .
 Big difference in the way I feel and my overall wellness goals ! People have commented that I look more healthy ! This is easy to take and mix in and it works !
 Does it do anything for me ? I really do not know . But I add it to my protein shake for some additional nutritional value . I 'm 55 and not particularly active but feel pretty good and I 'm not sick or obese and have not gotten a cold in a while . I guess that 's something ! Ya got ta eat , this seems like a good choice in a shake .
 You do n't buy this stuff to enjoy sipping it . On the instructions is recommends adding to your favorite beverage . I would n't ruin something you like by associating it with the taste of this stuff . Just toss in a blender with a few ounces of water and chug it down with your nose closed while having a strong chaser at the ready . Does what you want it too ... keeps you regular and energetic .
 I start the day with a smoothie using vibrant green . The concentrated greens together with vanilla soy milk , and frozen berries packs a powerful nutritious punch . I just love it and look forward to it every morning .
 Green vibrance has been a major factor in my recovering from pneumonia . About a year ago I came out of the Hospital and was treated with antibiotic for 8 days and nights . My immune system was bad and I needed to recover . I started taking the green vibrance and I did start to feel better quickly . The Doctor said to keep drinking it if I am feeling good on it . I have been on it for eight months now . Tip
 I 've been using Athletic Greens for over a year . I got sick of being on their autoshipment program because either I found myself stockpiling the stuff -LRB- because I had gone out of town a couple of times and stopped using it -RRB- or I would run out -LRB- because their shipping department takes a week to get it to you -RRB- . I wanted to find an Athletic Greens alternative so after finding this product on Amazon , I decided to give it a go . I 've been using the stuff for about a month now and it 's great!I can tell you that it 's more drinkable than Athletic Greens . I mix it in Orange Juice every morning . I notice the mornings when I skip my Vibrant Health drink , I feel it in lack of energy and overall well-being . This stuff really works.Now I do n't have to worry about paying an arm and a leg for Athletic Greens -LRB- which costs MORE for a 30-day supply than a 60-day supply of Vibrant Health Greens does -RRB- while being stuck on some auto shipment program just to drink a nasty shake every morning . I am sticking with this product because I can order it when I want , it tastes much better , it 's much less expensive , and it gives me more energy .
 If you are a tea-person , you will like it because it tastes just like green tea . It 's good and you should try it .
 I have two doctors who recommended that I dring a Green Vegetabel drink every day . I have Celiacs . As a result , I do n't digest and absorb nutrients as I should . With this vegetable dring I get many nutrients in a form that can bypass the digestive system and go straight into my blood stream . My problem was , I am deathly allergic to BEETS . And , almost all the vegetable drinks add beets . I have ended up in the emergency room as a result of ingesting one of them . `` Vitality Super Greens '' do not contain beets . What a blessing to find this wonderful product . I also need lots of probiotics . I make kefir from fresh raw milk and I know it has many probiotics , as does all ferminted foods . This is one of the things that first attracted me to Vitality Super Greens , the vegetables are ferminted . I do n't want to ever be without it .
 I ordered this because I do n't always plan aheaad enough to have a daily salad and large servings of vegetables with each meal . I have tried it in smoothies , as well as mixed with a small serving of orange juice . The taste is `` green '' but not bad - I can barely taste it in a smoothie with a banana and different fruits . My toddler even drank some of it !! The container says it is best stored in the freezer , so that is what I do , and I have one serving daily . I have noticed that I have more energy when I drink it , and what excites me the most is that combined with other steps -LRB- including cooking with water more ofen - steamed food instead of high-heat methods -RRB- , my skin texture and overall vibrance has improved . A LOT . I will continue to use this product , well worth the price .
 This is loaded with nutrition per serving but the taste is not all that great . Ca n't have it all , I suppose . Instead of suffering through 16 or more ounces of this mixed in water , I usually just pitch a scoop full of the powder on the back of my tongue and wash it down with water . Same benefits , faster and more enjoyable , at least for me it is .
 I thought about juicing . But , this is so much more convenient . It would be very hard and maybe even more expensive to juice so many fruits and veggies every day , along with adding probiotics . This powder covers it all . I take it on the road with me too . The taste is also fine mixed in a smoothie . I feel like I 'm staying super healthy this way . I just bought the all greens version -LRB- dogs ca n't eat grapes , etc. -RRB- for my elderly dog . He is a cancer survivor and has weak kidneys . So , I think this will help him too . Now , I do n't need to worry about making him fresh veggies every day either . He lapped it up , mixed in with his goats milk yogurt and dog food .
 I wanted to update my review . I could not stop taking the product because it cost too much money . After a month of taking it I got used to the taste . Now it does not bother me and I feel better since taking it . The joke around the office is we call it Soylent Green.Old Review : I am not a wimp . I have been drinking unsweetened/unflavored protein powder for years . This stuff makes me gag though . It tastes like cucumber juice . Very gritty . I do feel more energetic when I drink it however .
 I bought this product based on all the other great reviews , Green Vibrance is definitely no joke . Much improved mental and physical health , happiness and contentment are much easier to come by . Will be buying every month for my lifetime , Thank you Vibrant Health !
 THIS PRODUCT IS INCREDIBLE . I LOVE IT . I HAVE BEEN USING IT FOR YEARS . I AM THANKFUL TO HAVE FOUND IT ON AMAZON.COM FOR A MUCH MORE inexpensive PRICE THAN WERE I WAS PURCHASING IT BEFORE . THANK YOU AMAZON FOR SELLING SUCH AN AMAZING PRODUCT .
 Great price , fabulous ingredients . Store in the freezer and use everyday . I mix 1 scoop VHGB with a frozen banana , 1 scoop of organic chocolate powder and 8 oz almond milk . I feel better , I eat better throughout the day and have more energy !
 GV was recommended to me by my nutritionist and I have n't looked back since then . It 's a natutal energy boost before or after the gym
 I used to spend $ 70 to by this product in the store . In my opinion it was worth the extra money , because it is the best powdered Greens available . Being able to get it from Amazon for much less is a fantastic bonus !
 Our entire family has been using this product for well over a year and we love it . It definitely does n't taste good , but we just mix it with flavored powders -LRB- like Crystal Light -RRB- and then it becomes tolerable . It truly does boost your immune system . I had one cold in the last 12 months and it only lasted a few days . If you 're a family on the go and you do n't always get your full daily recommended dose of fruits and vegetables , this is the ideal way to get your daily dose . It also has a ton of other beneficial nutrients . My husband is a health nut and does all the research for me , and so far , this product is worth every penny . Do your research and you 'll come back to this product : -RRB-
 Brought this product based on the good review . Took it for a week and got really bad constipation . Did a search and found one person reported the same effect . I know that Spirulina , one the ingredient in green vibrant can causes constipation . I will continue to take this product since I know it 's good for my system but not on a daily basis -LRB- 3 times a week ... Mon , Wed , Fri -RRB- .
 I got rid of my Multi-Vitamin as soon as I tried Green Vibrance . I 've tried several multi-vitamins without feeling any noticeable difference . But Green Vibrance just makes me feel great!There 's research out there from multiple sources that show capsule multi-vitamins just are n't absorbed completely . Also , most of the store-brands contain artificially created versions of the different vitamins , the hazards of which range from poor absorption , not being used correctly by the body , or being possibly harmful . Go to the Vibrant Health website and you 'll find the vast list of ingredients in this are mostly all natural or organic superfoods . Why is this important , you ask ? ... Ever think we were designed to eat food and not pills , and that 's where we should get our nutrients ? ... hmm.And to top it all off this comes with a good dose of probiotics , good bacteria that can really help almost any digestive problem.I tried it with water at first , and it mixes ok -- kind of clumpy like whey protein . I wound up blending it with a little fruit and veggies , coconut milk , eggs , and whey protein for a great breakfast shake.Try it , you 'll love it !
 I 've been taking green vibrance for a little over 60 days now consistently and I can tell you I see benefits . I am 25 and work out periodically . My wife particularly likes to mix it with coconut milk or almond milk , both are great . I man up and mix mine with water . Purified water . This stuff definitely gives you energy and not energy like what caffeine does . It helps your skin and hair , your joints and it also makes you feel good inside . Regardless or not if its `` psychological '' it 's still a good feeling - especially internally . I like to take it in the morning after I work out . All and All , I continue to see myself using this product as long as its developed . I even got my friend taking it including his whole family who are some seriously skeptical southerners . Lowered by friends ' dad 's blood pressure almost 20 % which has always been an issue for him . Definitely recommended - at least try it 30 days and you 'll see why .
 Since I started drinking Green Vibrance I definitely have more energy . My skin and hair look better and I am more `` regular . `` It does n't taste very good , but I put it in a fruit smoothie and it 's not so bad at all.I like this stuff !!
 I 've been using Green Vibrance for 5 years . I mix it with ground flax seed and water for a good start to the day . In my late 50 's but feel half my age -- my wife says I act like a child . I exercise and eat right , but Green Vibrance is a big part of my success .
 Greens Vibrance is a green super food that helps balance acid in your system and does it at 30 to 60 calories each morning . God Bless !
 I have been using this for about six months ; it ` sa great product ; tried many greens but thisseems to give me energy for all day . I mixit with ground flax seed to get even morebenefits for my body so that I can perform atmaximum and have sufficient energy . It seems tohave everything you need for overall health .
 I 've been using this product for around 3 years . I did n't use it for the 9 months I was pregnant because I was n't sure if it was safe for pregnant women , but it probably would 've help with the lack of energy I experienced . :\ I always drink it the first thing in the morning . I used to make a smootie with it , but now I make a quick shake , as I do n't have the time in the morning like I did before , with a little one . My shake consist of this powder , yogurt , oj , milk , chia seeds , cinnamon , and agave nectar . I put it all in a container with two ice cube ... shake , and that 's my morning energy boost . I love it . I ca n't say I feel a boost of energy , but I feel good . Not tired in the morning at all ... and very regular . : -RRB-
 I have been a fan of Green Vibrance for years now . It keeps my blood sugar stable and makes me less hungry . The nutrients provided satisfy my hunger cravings and revive my energy . I use this early in the morning , before my work out . I also keep some at the office to use when I need a boost before my massage work . It goes without saying that Green Vibrance is a much more beneficial boost than caffeine or sugar.Green Vibrance by Vibrant Health - 24.34 Ounces -LRB- 60 day supply -RRB-
 Update/Edit
 This is a product with which I am already familiar . The delivery to my home was the great benefit .
 Extemely fast delivery and great price ! Green Vibrance was a gift for someone who is very satisfied with this product .
 I 'm very aware of my health . I have Rheumatoid arthritis , blood pressure and cholesterol problems . I hate taking medicines and so I try very hard to eat healthy , exercise and do what my Doctor says . After reading a wide variety of web reviews I bought the 15 package box of Green Vibrance By Vibrant Health . The taste is well - awful ! But than I guess what do you expect with something that 's all natural and healthy . I followed my 15 pack box with the big 60 day supple , again all from here on Amazon . I figured I 'd give it a chance and for those who hate the taste I 'd say `` cowboy up '' and be an adult about it . For me the solution is to mix with Low Sodium V8 and add a few shots of Tabasco ! It goes down pretty good than if you take a deep breath just chug it.I went to doctor for all my blood work on Monday of this week , I 'd been taking it daily now for over a month . The numbers that came back were stunning ! Everything is within the normal range ! My doctor told me that what ever I 'm doing , just keep doing it ! I have more energy and I feel totally great ! Yeah , tastes bad - learn to love it ! Health is more important than taste in my life . I 'm 64 years old and feel like I 'm 20 . This has my highest recommendation ! I know we 're all different and results for each of us will be different but I 've found my elixir of youth ! Even my wife has mentioned to me how much energy and spirt I have . I plan on buying this for the rest of my life which should be about 46 more years : -RRB-
 We had been using All Day Energy Greens from the Institute for Vibrant Living before we compared ingredients to Green Vibrance . Green Vibrance is not as sweet but I feel it has had a positive change in replacing good bacteria in the intestines and helps to push waste through . I have noticed increased energy levels and just an all around sense of well being . Because I like mine sweeter , I mix mine with four to eight ounces of juice in the morning . My husband also drinks this but mixes his with water . Some people may find it hard to drink the `` gritty-ness '' of green drinks but I do n't think it is too bad . Flavor wise , this is pretty mild . I have actually found myself craving it more than once a day . This drink helps to alkalize my body and helps eliminate my acid reflux symptoms like my esophagial spasms . If you have never had a green drink , I would start with a smaller container to see if you even like it .
 I have used Green Vibrance for several years now and have to say I am very healthy for 59 . I have alot of energy and feel great.I was reading the reviews and noticed one that only had one star due to the Iron content he found in version 10.1 and below . As he stated they keep changing the formula . I always assumed it was for the better . And still think that is true.His complaint was that in the 10.1 version the Iron content is very high and the newer version is lower . I have been on the automatic delivery of this product from amazon and the current jar of Green vibrance I have open and am using is the 10.1 version . He is correct the amount of iron in this version is 16.4 mg or 87 % I have 2 other jars from amazon that are the 10.3 version and the Iron content is much less it is 3.72 mg or 20.8 % . This is a huge difference.After learning about this from the review , I am not happy when I think about how long I have been ingesting a huge amount of Iron . The other issue I have is the soy lecithin . I used to take soy lecithin by itself and stopped due to the added estrogen and the bad information about soy even though it is non GMO . I would like to see them remove this ingredient.Out side of those 2 issues , I have not come across any other green drink that has as much in it as Green Vibrance . It eliminates having to take a fist full of vimimins and herbs.I have been taking this product since 2006 . People say I look like I am in my 40 's and I will be 60 in a few months . I am not over weight , I eat organically . I wake up in the morning and this is the first thing I do , mix my Green Vibrance with a glass of water and drink it like tea . I know it says to take after eating but I like it better first thing . It empties me out in the morning that way.I am gald to see they fixed the iron issue . I would hate to have to give up this product . If I get another 10.1 jar it will go back , so far the last 2 deliveries have been the newer version . In my oppinon this is by far the best green drink on the market . I will pay closer attention to what is in it . But overall I believe it is very helpful to my health .
 This is a great product , and we have tried many similar products . This is the easiest to mix & gives the most energy & mental clarity , and for the longest sustained period of time . I tell everyone I know about it . I give people free samples & then they get hooked & give up caffiene ! I carry a serving with me in a small Tupperware container in my purse wherever I go , in case I 'm particularly busy & would enjoy a nice pick me up . -LRB- I usually wind up giving it to someone complaining about being tired & stressed out ! -RRB- I give it to all my employees & achieve a far superior , not only work performance , but also attitude & quality of temperment . ABSOLUTELY NO comparison to caffeine -LRB- jitters , cranky mood swings ... Who needs it ! Yuk ! -RRB- Caffeine just makes you more tired later by stressing your adreanal glands ! We mix this Green Vibrance with a product call Ruby Reds which can be be found at www.rubyreds.com , which is a product of equal quality , only based in fruits . Yummy ! Great combo ! This is a great phytonutrient one-two punch that is actually GOOD for you ! Get yours today & find out just how lousy you have been feeling & just how easy & simple it is to immediately feel GREAT !
 I read someplace that the Queen of England uses this stuff and even has it given to her pets and horses . Well , if the Queen can hang in there as long as she has with this stuff , it 's good enough for me . Really , I love the good health feeling I get from this - shiny hair , bright eyes - no , not a cold wet nose , but just plain old vibrant health . I do n't mess around with fancy shakes , but just mix a scoop into a half cup of water , stir it up and chug . If I have to thrash around in the kitchen making some special drink , it just ai n't gon na happen . This way , I get all the benefits with no fuss , no muss . Also with all the pesticides and waste water on our produce fields , I think it 's wise to look for safe , healthy alternatives .
 My husband and I have been taking Green Vibrance for several years now . We have found that this product is one of the best superfoods out there . It contains many important items and all in one powder ! For us , it seems to keep us more alkaline and we stay healthy throughout the year , very little illness . It does not replace a healthy diet for sure , but it adds alot without having to take many other items . As a homeopathic practitioner , I have used it with several of my clients , especially if they are debilitated till they can get their diets on track . Works great ! Most want to continue taking it . Love this product .
 I 'm told by my nutritionist that if you do only one thing for your health , do this ! This is an awesome immune system boost . I 've been using it for a couple of years and rarely get sick . This has all the sea vegetables and probiotics you need . And it is NOT disgusting tasting . I put a packet of EmergenC and my scoop of Green Vibrance with some water and drink it fast so the effervescence from the EmergenC is still there and it 's a really tasty morning drink . Helps with movements also -- if you know what I mean ... ; - -RRB-
 The review that states to stay away from this product due to the iron content is incorrect . If you read the comments people wrote replying to this review you will see some people did some research and there was a misprint on one version of this product and it has been corrected . The Iron content is 3.74 or 20 % , which is what I received . It 's a bummer this review is in such a substantial place , I would hate for it to deter people from buying such a wonderful product .
 Now I know the title is hardly a ringing endorsement , but its true . I noticed that a common theme with this product seemed to be the nasty taste . I was intregued by the idea that a bunch of health food nuts could be so turned off by the flavor of a superfood that it would dissuade them from buying it . Some of this was from the Athletic Greens site , however , a competitor for this category who sells the same basic product for almost 3x the money . So I want to see how this stuff tastes , and to supplement my diet with it for a breakfast item . I decided to maximize the gross out taste element by mixing it with filtered water , not fresh juice . To my surprise it is not disgusting . It 's no party in my mouth , as the kids say , but it is far from offensive . Additionally , it does pack a ton of food based nutrients into a small dose . Vitamins , `` nutrient dense plant concentrates '' by the barrel full , antioxidants , probiotics , and a lot more food based things that should prove to be very good for me . I am impressed with the product , and amazed that anyone would refuse to endorse it on the basis of taste .
 I heard about this product on the DR.OZ , show , and decided to try it out . I did some research on the internet and found that Amazon had the most reasonable price . I have been using the product for a short time and find that I seem to have more energy .
 Still new to this product but I feel energized and more focused after taking it . Hoping the good feelings persist .
 Another highly recommended product by my sister and health store . Amazon had it for $ 30 less !!! Do n't really know how much of a difference I feel on the day to day , but it has every vitamin needed for daily nutrition and along with other good health habits , I feel confident this product is well worth the cost .
 I bought this for my husband and he says he has lots more energy . The taste is a little hard to take but orange juice helps . If it was not for the taste , I would give it 5 stars . I am on chemo , and with so many things interfering with chemo , my doctor asked me not to take anything until after my treatments . As soon as they are over in July , I will be using this product also .
 The taste is not that great , so if you 're looking for something that tastes good this may not be it . As far as quality , this id fantastic !
 This stuff is amazing !!! I started with the Rainbow Vibrance , trying to ease myself into it , and after a week , I noticed that I had more energy , so I ordered the Green Vibrance . After a week on the two , I started exercising , getting up at 6 or 7 am to do it , and believe me , I am a sleepyhead . I have so much energy with this , it is so noticeable , that when you do n't take it , you feel so draggy . Also , I have horrible cramps , and my cycle was almost pleasant . I love this green stuff , and the taste is n't bad at all . I eat vegetables on a regular basis , plus , I drink mine over a period of 30 minutes and I savor the taste.Update
 This is a great product , Ive been using it for years . There are lots of green foods , probiotics and vitamins . I mix mine with a little appke juice and drink first thing in the morning . It doesnt not have a bad flavor when mixed with appke juice . I also keep mine in the freezer for freshness .
 Did n't expect it to be delicious , but man , really have to chug this as quickly as possible . I 've found that if you use warm water it dissolves a bit easier and becomes less gritty.I use this as a breakfast supplement in the morning because I have a hard time finding the time and money to invest in cooking myself proper meals with vegetables . I 've found that I stay sated until around lunchtime without having to snack . After about a week of daily dosing , I 've found that I have a great deal more energy in the mornings , and muscle recovery time from training for my 5k has been lessened . Going to buy another tub when I run out .
 This is the best price that I have seen for this product ! The shipping was fast , showed up ahead of schedule . I have been taking this product for years and can honestly say that it does make you feel better .
 Green Vibrance is now a staple in my diet ! I ca n't say enough about how great this product is !
 I just starting using this item about 5 days ago . I have n't noticed much on increased energy level , but I am starting to feel better in general . I was surprised that it is not gritty - I mix it was some unfiltered apple juice and drink it . It does have a slight odor , but it tastes just fine . The color is not too appetizing either . It tastes much better tho than things I have used in the past in an attempt to get the same nutrition . I have already recommended it to a co-worker and she is going to try it .
 Excellent product , I actually feel my energized . Thanks for the quick delivery . Nice doing business with you , will be doing more .
 A great product to increase your energy & help build your immune system at the same time ...
 I 've been using green vibrance now for 3 years and it 's kept me feeling healthier than ever . I rarely get sick and I feel good knowing that I 'm taking all the stuff that helps to build a strong immune system with tons of cancer-fighting agents . I mix it up with an emergen-c packet along with some liquid vitamins , and protein powder in a little juice and it 's delicious . You can also ad some frozen fruit and it 's like a berry milkshake . In my opinion , it 's an an essential part of anyone 's diet !
 Product had been out of stock , but I was notified in a timely manner , and accepted the delay . It came within the expected timeframe .
 I 'm gon na say right off the taste to me is horrible !!! o have not enough courage to drink with water ... yet . I use grape juice to her it down . I have been slacking off even though I purchased the big canister . good price here too . if you want to get your veggies in drink this stuff you ca n't go wrongI will drink some today and get back on point . I have noticed when you have vitamins in your system you do n't crave s lot of crap !
 It is hard for me to even believe but since I have been taking this once per day my craving have dropped to non existent . I have not had chocolate or sweets of any kind in a month . I do n't even think of sweets . My energy level is MUCH better and I have started back working out every day . You will not regret this purchase plus it is a great price compared to the box stores .
 I started using Green Vibrance a few months ago to aid digestion . I started a diet of `` greens , beans and proteins '' and wanted to reduce the side effects of eating beans . I 've also had problems digesting dairy products and wondered if probiotics could help ... It did ! I started utilizing one TBSP of Green Vibrance each day and all of my digestion issues were eliminated . Now , I use it 1-2 times per week and get the same result . This suppliment tastes like fresh clipped grass , so I 've found that it works best added to either orange or tomato juice .
 I am taking this stuff on the advice of a friend . I like the idea of getting more greens in my diet -- I just add it to my morning smoothies . It really does not taste that bad !
 The just keep improving it , I will be puchasing this again . This product really works for me and has become part of my regular diet .
 This product is great . I placed my order on a Monday and received it on a Tuesday . If you ca n't stand the taste of the drink alone mix it with a sweet juice . I love this stuff . Great buy .
 This is by far is the best that money can buy . I mixed frozen papaya and frozen strawberries and then throw in a banana and bang . I have my morning breakfast in my togo large plastic tupperware . I really love the stuff . I wish I could get a deal for bragging about it . Because I will be a lifetime buyer .
 This was recommend to me though a friend and I am very happy he did ... So far this is the only supplement to give a descent energy boost . . I will be buying more .
 I wake up with my frozen papaya and my green vibrance in a blender with chia seeds and flax oil and coconut oilBlended all up with any kind of juice I have and it is yummy . Sometimes I add honey . I have just been doing it for over a week and love it . I lost weight and feel great . I will see what happens after a month . I ordered three since my girlfriend Xiomara has been taken it for a while and told me about it . Everyone should be on this since we do n't eat right as it is . Just hope they do n't bring up the price .
 If u dont get a good amount of greens & or probotics in your diet this product is for u.
 I am still waiting to see just how well it works . Have only used it for a little over a onth , but have already ordered more . I have gotten used to the taste , but not the looks of this product.I blend it with V-fusion juice and a little lemon and lots of ice . I think I may have become ddicted to it . Just hope it works , and that I really am getting all the veggies and fruits I need in one large glass of green stuff !!!!
 i take this every morning or afternoon with emergen c and it keeps me from getting sick . -LRB- doesnt work on my allergies though -RRB- i havent had a cold in i cant remember . great price on amazon for this 60 day supply .
 The only negative thing I have is it taste horrible for the first few days especially with water but then it gets better . And if mixed with v8 then its fine
 I 've been using Green Vibrance with my family for a couple of years now and it is so energizing and feels so good in our bodies . It helps me be sure that we 're getting enough real nourishment into us . I prepare it as a smoothie with apple juice , a banana and some ice . Even the kids drink it right up !
 SUPER fast shipping ... this stuff is great!You feel better , have more energy ... I recommend this to everyone !
 Green Vibrance is an excellent product . I have been taking it about a year and have not had a cold or flu throughout this season . I have introduced the product to family members and they say that their digestion problems have gotten better since taking the product . I 've tried mixing it with different juices . Although I do n't usually care for the taste of apple juice , apple juice is definitely the best for the green powder . I would say that grape juice is the second best juice to use with it .
 Would recomend this product to everyone.Seamed to energize me after approx a couple weeks use . More energy , stamina etc
 We always take Green Vibrance first thing in the morning . It 's full of vitamins , cleans you out and increases one 's energy level . I recommend this drink to anyone looking to stay healthy.pepper
 Recieved my product promptly & was very pleased with it . I 've also recommended it to others , they 've tried it and have made purchases as well . Great source of everything you need for healthy living !
 Having been a `` health-nut '' since I was 15 years old -LRB- I am 51 now -RRB- and having tried a lot of products , I must say that this one is on the very top of my list.Like other reviewers have said , I too have not caught any flu or colds since starting my daily scoop of Green Vibrance.It not only seems to make my immunity stronger , it also has improved the appearance of my skin and hair.I put my scoop into my daily protein drink that has so many other ingredients , that the taste is not an issue with me.This is some powerful nutrition.I also agree with other reviewers that this stuff makes you very regular and that means that toxins do not stay in your body for very long.The concentrated powerful nutrients are worth ever penny.And by ordering it from Amazon , I saved about 30 dollars compared buying it at Whole Foods.Very impressing stuff , I just ordered my second 25.4 oz canister.Love it , love it , love it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 It works okay . Provides a little boost of energy in the morning and may slowly be affecting my digestive track . I have n't been full blown sick since I started taking it . I did get a little sick but then I got over it . Overall I 'd recommend the product but at almost $ 60 for a two month supply I 'd say only buy it if you 're serious about taking using it .
 I love this product ! I mix it in with applejuice or put it in a smoothie . I 've been using it for a couple of months now and I feel stronger , have more energy and my IBS is gone ! It is rather expensive but definitely worth it .
 I heard about Green Vibrance through one of my favorite bloggers . Since I am trying to cut back on processed foods and ingredients , I made sure I did plenty of research on this product . FINALLY , I decided to purchase it . I drank my drink every morning just to see what happened . In the first 3 days , my skin went from average to glowing . Usually my skin looks this way when I 'm jogging and eating a VERY balanced diet . As time went on , I noticed my nails were getting longer as well as my eyelashes ... and my hair got sooooo much thicker ! I 'm not sure about my energy levels because I get up and get going pretty well on my own , but it definitely has n't hampered it . I can only say to try this product for yourself . I was n't looking for a miracle product , but I was looking for something nutritious and as GREEN as possible . I was juicing prior to Green Vibrance , and still do occasionally , but this is quicker -LRB- and cheaper -RRB- and it has been a great buy for me . I just ordered another 60-day supply this morning and decided to write my review before exiting Amazon . Being able to see as many results in a short amount of time is definitely a reason for me to keep buying !
 I 've tried every vitamin and green food out there and this has by far the most effect for me . I 've recommended it to so many people I ca n't count and EVERY SINGLE ONE is still taking it , despite the dollar per day cost . All report more energy and mental clarity . Some report clearer skin , lower blood pressure & other antioxidant benefits . Before taking this I was on daily alpha lipoic acid , green tea , grape seed , CoQ10 , and a daily multi but I ditched them all for this & see more positive results with less cash out the door . Highly recommended .
 i put a scoop in a 1/4 cup of yogurt w / a dash of honey - great way to start your day .
 This is truly an amazing product . I have bought four of these so far and take a scoop everyday along with my fiance . It has helped balance her hormones and because of that cleared up acne . A lot of people do not realize that this is a high Alkaline product making it very good at balancing the bodies PH. I highly recommend those who are not sure to buy this once and take it everyday . You will not regret it .
 I have been using Green Vibrance for about six years . I first started taking Greens plus which is also a very good Green superfood , but I was introduced to Green Vibrance by a local health food clerk ... she was taking it and highly recommend it to all of her family and friends . I feel a lot better when I take Green Vibrance , it gives me lots of energy and my skin has a glow ... I think it actually makes me look younger . I usually buy the larger Green Vibrance , which is a better deal . I purchased two -LRB- 60 Day supply -RRB- from Amazon at a great price for $ 41.59 . I recently purchase Rainbow Vibrance and I mix a small scoop with the Green Vibrance for added nutrition . I take it with a little water mixed with my favorite juice ... usually cranberry juice or apple juice . It does not taste bad to me when I only mix it with water , because I know I am doing something positive for my health . I will continue to take Green Vibrance as long as they make it . You can not beat the price from Amazon.com . If you want to take a very good Green superfood , I would highly recommend Green Vibrance ... it is a great product ... give it a try !
 I have been taking Green Vibrance for about 60 days now . I must tell you that after 30 days my arthritis in my leg was gone and I recently went to the doctor after having low white blood cells . My test results were great . My WBC count went from 3.0 to 4.5 . I am recommending this product to everyone .
 I was very happy with purchasing my product from Vibrant Health through Amazon . There were not any hidden fees , no shipping charges and item arrived ahead of time . I will definitely purchase from Vibrant Health through Amazon again . In the store the item costs almost $ 30 more .
 I have been taking this product for almost 2 months . I was diagnose with diabetes and felt very tired . To my amazement I notice after taking green vibrance , more energy , happier mood , and more alert . I recommend this product to anyone who wants ENERGY in a very safe way ! Believe me your life will change with this product !! Thank God I found it !
 Since taking green vibrance I have an energy that I have n't felt in years . If you can get past the taste -LRB- I hold my nose -RRB- , it seems to balance what is in my body . I have n't been sick since I have started taking it and I am around sniffling , sneezing kids all day long . It is well worth it .
 I 've been using this product in my breakfast smoothies with bananas , strawberries , juice and protein for about 6 months and I am very satisfied . As someone who juices fruits and veggies , Green Vibrance is very convenient for the daily routine . I recently started a new job that to my surprise required 12-15 hour days for the last 4 weeks and my energy levels have been amazing . At the end of the day , I marvel at how good I feel .
 I have been using Green Vibrance for almost 5 years now . It gives you an extra serving of `` greens '' as well as several immune boosting benefits . I used to get sick farely regularly ... over the last 5 years , since I started Green Vibrance , I have only been sick a handful of times ! Unfortunately the product has become more expensive ; however , Amazon offers the best price !
 This is a fantastic product . The delivery from amazon and the price were wonderful . I highly recommend this product for your everyday health and stamina !
 I have been using Emerald Balance which has Stevia added as a sweetener . It was great if you were making a smoothie but much too sweet if mixed with juices . I like this Green Vibrance because I can sweeten it if I want . It does n't end up too sweet when mixed in a smoothie with a sweet fruit like a banana.I am not sure why the directions says `` Best taken 30-45 minutes after eating . '' This is a product that seems to be taken in the a.m. mixed with juice or in a smoothie . Actually it would to be good to drink BEFORE eating as an appetite suppressant . Could it upset your stomach ? Otherwise , this has ALL the green stuff , and then some you could ever want .
 Great product with loads of nutirients for the price . It does not taste very good mixed with water , but it is way better mixed with your favorite juice . Since taking this product , I have had great energy and many people hve commented on how good my skin looks .
 This product is fantastic , I purchase it regularly and am completely satisfied with the results I receive each and every time that I order this great stuff .
 Great super foods selection . I bought it originally at The Vitamin Shoppe and it worked very good for me . It does n't taste great but it does n't taste that bad at all . I just put it in some water and that is it . You 'll see results right away , you feel better and your digestive system will thank you .
 I read the reviewed before purchasing this product and everybody was saying positive things about and since my husband and I need to add a supplement to our diet and workout program we decided to purchase it . We have been using it for about two weeks as directed and we have seen small changes mainly with digestion . As of now we do n't feel any energy boosts . We usually take in the morning and it is fulfilling and it does keep us full for a while .
 I have only been taking the Vibrant Health for a short time . I will be watching for results to see if I will continue to use it . I am impressed that is gluten free and has an abundance of vitamins , herbs , and minerals .
 I love this product ! I have 1/4 tablespoon with a splash of mango juice in a bottle of water and I love the taste . Normally , I wake up several times during the night . Since I 've been drinking this -LRB- for a week -RRB- , I only wake up one time - and a few nights I did n't wake up at all .
 Just to clear up the false claim that the product had too much iron . Now the version 10.3 has the TYPO corrected.I have only used this a few times so far , but its perfect . Just a scoop a day in my water , juice , or protein smoothie and Im good to go . No strong offsetting taste or smell . Its very fresh smelling , and nice.Also if you mix a scoop in a food like blended greens or a salad dressing you can eat it as a food chew -RRB- , and its lovely.I also mix a small amount in my dogs food daily . She loves it dry from my hand also.This stuff is a winner babySoon I 'm going to make home made protein bars , and mix in a few scoops.Organic almond butter , organic dates , organic hemp seeds , organic coconut oil , green vibranceProper Care & StorageGreen Vibrance contains more friendly , healthful probiotics than any other superfood . ******* Please store Green Vibrance in your freezer ******* -LRB- best -RRB- or refrigerator -LRB- good -RRB- after opening .
 This product is wonderful . It 's all food-based , with a large range of ingredients that is designed to support various body systems . It also contains probiotics . I feel better and everyone I know who 's tried it says the same thing .
 I use this product on a daily basis and absolutely love it ! Green Vibrance helps supplement my diet in all the right ways .
 I have used this product for years . The price was right . It was shipped promply and was as advertised . I will continue to Be a customer .
 Vibrant Health is a very good product and this is a great price . It came right away . I hope to buy again .
 First time trying product . Mixes reasonably well for a green powder and ok if you put it in juice . Could n't handle it in water .
 The product came on time and in execellent condition . Thank you for providing great service , and I will be sure to purchase again !
 I have been supplementing with this product for years . I 'm a clinical RN , specializing in pain/symptom management and end of life care with Hospice . I recommend this product many times to my patients with life limiting illnesses . please note , this is not a '' magic cure '' by no means , however , when a colon cancer patient in pronounced pain and irregular bowel pattern calls me literally weeping to say his pain has subsided and he just had his 3rd bowel movement that day -LRB- previously 2 BM 's per week if fortunate -RRB- or the Crohn 's patient who is able to finally have a sabbatical from chronic diarrrhea , or the Stroke patient in a lethargic state for months who was fed this through his PEG tube for two days then awoke I must admit this product works . If I had the time I could document dozens of testimonials such as these . I have shared this with many in the health care field , Physicians , Surgeons and clinicians who now use and recommend this product with positive results , not just digestive related , but for autoimmune boost , anemia , energy and mental clarity .
 I have tried many supplements over the years , and now that I 'm a bit more educated about how the body assimilates vitamins , I no longer take vitamins per-se because I believe them to be worthless and a waste of money , possibly even harmful.Green Vibrance has an all natural easily absorbed full spectrum of vitamins and minerals that are all in good amounts and proportions . It even has herbs , phytonutrients , and trace minerals.I add green vibrance to my power shake in the morning , and after a several week break from it , I could tell a HUGE difference when I started taking it again . I felt less tired and run down , and my brain seemed to work much better.The taste is not great , a bit grassy , but adding it to a shake with some stevia does the trick . It 's also great as a post-workout recharger . It has low carbs , about 5.9 grams , and so there 's no sugar glut involved.I found it MUCH cheaper on Amazon than anywhere else , and certainly at least a 30 % savings than I would have paid at Wild Oats.If a product claims you go through a ` healing crisis ' and so expect to feel terrible or possibly have some kind of rash , irritability , nausea , headaches etc. . . BEWARE ! Those symptoms can be allergic reactions or heavy metal poisoning.A product should make you FEEL BETTER , or it is not helpful.I have experienced no problems with Green Vibrance , and would recommend it wholeheartedly .
 First off , I 'm a person who 's very much into health products . Through-out the course of my lifetime , I 've juiced -LRB- fresh vegetables , fresh fruits -RRB- with a juicer . I 've drank liqufied
 After having my third child I was readmitted to the hospital and was in septic shock . My heart and kidneys were very close to shutting down as I had a strep A infection in my blood . It took me 6 days in the hospital and 10 days after discharge on a regimen of three different antibiotics to clear the infection . My body was ravaged by child birth , the infection and the enormous amount of antibiotics . For 11 months after my discharge I had no energy and was unable to care for and do things with my children . It was a very depressing time for me as all I ever wanted to do was be a mom . After taking green vibrance a couple of times I felt like my old self and as I continued taking it I felt better than I have ever felt . I had energy and an enthusiasm for life !!! I still take green vibrance today and swear by it . Stop reading and order NOW !!! You wo n't regret it .
 Green Vibrance originated when the founders of Vibrant Health declared jihad on all plant-kind . In the aftermath of their war against the flora of Planet Earth , they disposed of the millions of slain vegetables by creating a company to sell a wonderful drink made of rainbows , sunshine , and their slain foe
 Well as the users of green drinks are aware that the taste of green drinks ca n't be like a fruit smoothy , but its manageable . I like the variety of greens in this green drink and mostly they are organic . after you drink it , you can feel energy boost if you are senstive to your energy levels.I use this for cleansing too when i am on just fruit and vege diet for a week and results are good . So go for it and try out , i would say .
 that 's what an associate at my local Sprout 's told me when she recommended the product to me for the first time . I had read about green foods and was very confused and she was very helpful . I almost choked on the price I paid for the product once I checked on Amazon , but her help in selecting a product was well worth it based on the reviews . I 'm on-again off-again about sticking with any vitamin program , so this seems to be working for me . The list of ingredients goes the whole way around the rather fat container . As for the taste , I started out mixing it with juice and it was n't bad , but let 's face it , it 's not a drink you 'll want to sip and savor . I do n't even bother with the juice anymore , just half a glass of water , a heaping scoop of the powder , stir briskly , down the hatch and be done with it !! I 'm old . I 've been taking the stuff for about two months and I 'm still old , but I have seen an improvement in the `` crepey-ness '' -LRB- not , creepy-ness -RRB- of my skin , less dry . That 's a good thing . I 'm still not able to leap tall buildings and the x-ray vision has n't kicked in , but I 'll have a wait and see attitude ... 2/2/2012 -- I 'm a believer ! Hey , my fingernails are growing and are stronger , Yay !! May be my imagination , but I do feel a little more `` get-up and go '' . So , I 'm going to continue with this drink and I even add a tablespoon of Chia seed to my daily `` green cocktail '' ...
 I recomend this product to everyone that wants to have a strong imune system and detox the body ! It 's great ! Since I started taking green vibrance I had NO cold , flu , sore throat , etc. I feel great and energetic !!!!
 I decided to wait until after 60 days before reviewing this product , as I wanted to give the product time to ` work ' . The main question I 'm sure you 're wondering is
 I really love this stuff . Its great im 52 and have a very active job . I also like to walk or run after work this stuff gives me the energy to get it done.I plan on drinking this twice a day for the rest of my life . The probiotics are great .
 I heard about this on Dr. Oz by Rosie O'Donnell . I had been using other `` greens-to-go '' type products as a way to get extra greens in my diet . I put it in my smoothie each morning and it 's delicious . I would recommend this product to others and feel it 's a good value .
 I am not a fan of green veggies , but realize they are important to health and well being . I searched for supplements and decided to go with this one based on the user reviews . I feel much better and have more energy now ! I 'm pretty much a skeptic so I was shocked at the difference ! The taste is not that bad . I mix it with 4 ounces of oj and 2 ounces of water . It is n't a sipping drink so knock it back in a two or three swallows ! I 'll definitely keep buying .
 After reading the reviews I was afraid of what GV would taste like . I decided I was going to take a quick shot . I mixed 1 scoop along with 4 ounces of Cold water and 1 tablespoon of apple cider vinegar ... To My surprise it didnt taste as horrible as I imagined . . It was totally easy to drink . I used a shaker bottle to mix it up fast.Yes it does smell like a fresh mowed lawn but the taste is easily doable.Amazon shipped the Item Super fast !! I have just started taking the stuff , so I cant comment on Energy or a miraculous life change , but I wanted to give quick feedback . I will let you all know if it changes my life lol
 Green Vibrance has become our family favorite to start the day for several reasons . Medical experts tell us that we need to reduce the acidity in our diets and increase the alkaline levels , a factor in improving general health . Selected greens in GV not only raise the alkaline pH levels , but add energy . Our family has taken one additional step with GV . We 've come up with `` the green drink recipe '' that offers a pleasing taste , and adds more protein and fiber .
 You will be hooked for the rest of your life . Why do n't everyone know about this amazing product . Well , I tried to help save a lot of people and they just would n't listen . I said please buy this before you buy anything else .
 I 've been taking Green Vibrance for a little over a week now and noticing a difference in my energy so far , no longer crave my usual two shots of espresso in the morning.I mix in a scoop with my usual morning smoothie that consists of frozen blueberries , frozen strawberries , some blueberry kefir , probiotic stony farms strawberry yogurt and almond milk . Do n't notice a bad taste at all !
 I actually purchased this for my 2 dogs who both have terminal illnesses . It seems to have greatly improved their quality of life .
 Green Vibrance comes highly recommended , and your price was way lower than any others I found online or in health/vitamin stores . Also , the shipment arrived very quickly after I placed my order . Thank you very much .
 Yes , it is expensive , but look at all the organic ingredients you are getting ! What I like about this product is that it tastes like blended green juice and all the ingredients are listed out . The owner of the company actually grantees it , and you are able to see the ingredient list and a full transparent disclosure with no proprietary secrecy . I just wish they would have something that would define what every ingredient is good for . I mix it with water or some juice .
 This powder supplement is the best available on the market . If you drink a scoop full of this in water everyday you will not ever need to take any other kind of vitamins . This is far better than vitamins because it 's real food with superfood 's also and your body can use all of it 's nutrition . It 's everything the body needs .
 I searched for a product of this type for some time . I finally decided on Green Vibrance after reading reviews from Amazon . I could not be more happy with my purchase . This is an excellent product , I have tons of energy , and it tastes great with apple juice !
 I 've been taking green vibrance for 3 years and i swear by it . The taste is acceptable i 've had worse but the benifits far out weigh the taste . The reason i started taking Green Vibrance was for the probiotic 's and the greens and i have not been disappointed . When i am off Green Vibrance for a while i notice the difference , i am sluggish , i loose my regularity . When i am on it i am regular as clock work an feel great . Maintaining colon health is very important to me , i have tried many products and Green Vibrance is at the top of my list highly recomended / / tz
 Vibrant Health - Green Vibrance , 22.43 oz powderI have been using this powder pretty much daily for awhile now - at least a year . All I can say is that I notice a difference within a few days if I stop taking it . I 'm using Green Vibrance as my main source of supplementation and save money by no longer purchasing vitamins the way I formerly did . -LRB- I have come to the conclusion that vitamins in pill or capsle form do n't get processed anyway . -RRB- My only complaint is that this powder is rather nasty tasting and can be hard to get down without some sort of sweetener . It can be a little difficult finding a beverage to use with it if you are trying , like I am , to stay away from juice . Yet , the benefits of this product far outweigh this inconvenience . I use Green Vibrance with powdered vitamin C . This combination seems to be , for me at least , a good boost for the immune system .
 This is overall a good product . It is basically organic with some exceptions . It would be nice if it could be all organic.The taste is not so good and you have to use it in juice or it tastes like lawn mowing chips
 I 've enjoyed this product for some years and believe it is one of the best products for giving you energy , keeping your immune system , and helping you stay young . Do n't go a day without it ! - Dr. Lisa Love , Beyond the Secret
 This was recommended to me by two friends who are very in tune to their health . It is great in orange juice and helps me keep healthy so far this spring .
 My wife and I started taking this product last year . I have yet to get sick or have a cold the entire time . I recommend this product to anyone looking for a great diet supplement . It 's worth the effort and the price .
 I feel like this product gives me more energy than I had before . I put it in orange juice every morning .
 Pros : I quit taking my multivitamin because this covers basically everything it had . I quit taking my probiotic supplements because this covers everything they had , and then some ! And , I quit taking my high dose vitamin D supplement , as well as various other supplements , because this covers them too.It definitely gives you energy , both short-term -LRB- immediately after swallowing it -RRB- and long-term -LRB- I do n't get as tired -RRB- . It helps with regular bowel movements and is good for constipation . It does n't taste as bad as I thought , it 's actually more bearable than my protein shakes , and tastes just fine in orange juice.All in all , this will actually save me a lot of money , and I know it 's covering way more bases than I was before even with a bunch of my individual supplements . Ca n't go wrong with that 4 page nutrition ingredient list ! : -RRB- Cons : Allergies . Speaking of that 4 page ingredient list ... I had a slight allergic reaction the first few times I took it . I 'm rarely allergic to anything , but it 's not that surprising that I did have slight flushing and itchiness considering the amount of unique ingredients in it , many of which I 'm sure I 've never ingested before . I slightly lowered my dosage and it does n't do that anymore.Probiotics
 I 'm 34 and have had acne for 20 years . I 've been taking Green Vibrance for a couple of months . I stopped drinking coffee two weeks ago and continued with Green Vibrance daily . I 'm happy to report that the acne has cleared up remarkably well . My energy levels are top notch even without the coffee .
 Product is power packed full of nutrients . The smoothies I make are filling and I actually save money over time because I am eating less . I drink the Rainbow Vibrance in the morning , and then drink this in the afternoon . I will be adding Miracle Reds in the evening -LRB- comes as a 3 month supply -RRB- , but that has n't arrived yet.Okay , so this stuff tastes as bad as many of the reviewers say it does . So ... what to do ? Well , I like chocolate . I blend this powder with almond milk , a few almonds , organic raw cocoa powder , raw antioxidant honey , a bit ' o kelp -LRB- a tiny bit , mind you -RRB- , and organic vanilla extract . YUMMY !! -LRB- if you are willing to pretend the aftertaste does n't really happen , hehehe -RRB- . Seriously , this ends up being a solidly rich and healthy chocolate afternoon meal substitute . And , you spent less money than you would have if you had packed a lunch for the two months straight that this stuff will last ... my two cents .
 I 've been using it for years and I 've never felt better . i notice a difference in energy levels when I do n't take it . If I am getting a cold or flu , i double the dosage and get better twice as quickly . Highly recommend it !
 I love Green Vibrance - I have a serving every morning in my -LRB- kale -RRB- smoothie and it makes me feel great . I have nothing to compare this to , but my roommate and I both use this powder and love it .
 I think it would be impossible to consume ALL the fine healthy ingredients in this product on a daily basis any other way !!
 A friend referred this product to me and I really do feel consistently good after taking this for a couple of weeks . I had been fighting a cold for weeks and it just went away after I started taking this . I think it definitely helped as I have been fighting the symptoms from developing for a while . But overall , I really do feel better , consistently energetic and just a wellness that I have not had !
 Since I started taking this product 4 years ago , I have not been sick , not even a cold . I take it religiously every morning when I first get up , there is no doubt that it works . This is the best multiple vitamin you can take , and it works .
 Green Vibrance is the most comprehensive powder you can find . It 's got everything in it ! I mix it in my smoothie with emergen-c , protein powder , yogurt and blueberries , and I 've got myself a nutritient-packed power drink to start my day . I recommend it to anyone that cares about maintaining a healthy body . Yay ! Go Green !!
 I have taken numerous antibiotics and deal with Candida . As a result , I have yeast infections . I add this product to my daily protein drink after working out . It keeps the yeasty beasties away .
 Green vibrance is an excellent product and I would recommend it to anyone who needs an extra boost of energy or some extra nutrition that their diet may be lacking , which probably includes everyone . Furthermore , I think this is the best deal on the internet for green vibrance .
 I 've been drinking Green Vibrance for years now . I LOVE IT and it 's the number one food supplement I will not live without . I used to suffer from frequent UTI 's and since drinking this regularly I 've NEVER had another UTI again . I 've tried many different `` green drinks '' and this one is the best tasting and has the best organic products than any other . Trust me - this one tastes the best ! Sometimes when I do n't feel well and am fatigued I will drink a glass and HONESTLY feel great right away . This supplement is amazing .
 This product has a terrible taste but the health results have been amazing . My sinus drainage has stopped , my cough has stopped , my sleep has improved , I feel better , everything seems to be working better . I can highly recommend this product . I believe it will improve your immune system , as I always have a cold in winter , but since taking this stuff daily , I have not had a sniffle . It helps to take it dissolved in cold apple juice . But take it daily for thirty days and you will be very pleased at how your health improves .
 This is an amazing product ! I have been using it now for 2 years and it has never failed me . Energy and great for your blood , the probiotics are excellent for your gut flora -LRB- to keep the probiotics alive it must be refrigerated once the product is opened -RRB- One way to tolerate the taste ... 1 banana , ice cubes , 1 pk stevia , and silk soy vanilla milk and blend it well in your blender . It will keep you satisfied and is a great pick me up . You will notice a big improvement in the way you feel . GIVE IT A TRY !!
 I love Green Vibrance , but the taste leaves a lot to be desired -LRB- although no worse than any other green drink -RRB- . I 've tried it in a number of concoctions and , hands down , putting a scoop in a big glass of O.J. is the way to go ; it makes it taste -LRB- dare I say -RRB- good ! After drinking it in the morning , I find that my energy has improved slightly and I like knowing that I 've filled those nutritional gaps that would otherwise stay empty if I depended on food alone .
 I was never the vitamin taking type . When I decided to do the research on vitamins , I was overhwelmed . Luckily , I came across the reviews for Green Vibrance . I 've been taking it for almost a year now and the results are like night and day . My family was the first to notice my that I was more energetic , then my hair and skin looked better . I 'm 54 years old , but , I swear I feel 15 - 20 years younger ! This product works and I 've recommended it to everyone I love ! Tastes best with apple juice or another sweet juice ... TRY IT : P
 Bought this for my elderly mother and myself . Been using this for several months now and she feels great and loves drinking this once a day.I think I wrote a review on this several months ago but just wanted to let others know that there is a new version out . Version 12.0 . I had just reordered our supply and just tonight noticed that the version on the bottle was newer and well to me the taste is better and looks more greener . It seems to mix much better as well.I loved version 10.3 but this 12.0 seems much nicer . I have n't looked on what the difference is yet but came on Amazon to look at the front advertised page to check out what at least in the picture of it shows and it still shows as being vrs 10.3 so perhaps they are shipping the newer ones out now but picture has yet to be updated ? Anyways I would highly recommend getting the newer version.EDIT
 LOVE Green Vibrance!First off I have an autoimmune condition that makes my joints swell . I have been on a light dose of a drug called Plaquenil for about 4 years now . On top of this I am a long time sufferer of recurrent UTI 's . I do everything to prevent them yet I am always plagued . I use scent free soap , pee after sex , take a cranberry supplement , eat tons of yogurt , drink tons of water , the doctor has even prescribed a prophylactic antibiotic to take after sex . Which by the way I hate doing because it seems a little extreme . Anyway all this pill popping is just ... its really exhausting.SO ... . My husband comes back from a trip to whole foods with this Green Vibrance ... Looks , smells , and tastes . . funky ... but with OJ its tolerable if not good ... And what do you know ?????? OMG The UTI 's Stop ! JOY JOY JOY ! One scoop every morning with some OJ ... Not only is it really good for you and packed with vitamins ... . I no longer get UTI 's Thank you Green Vibrance ! I will ALWAYS have a jar of this in my fridge ! THANK YOU !
 So I 'm pretty new to going `` green '' ;-RRB- and have been trying a couple different green drink products . I consider this the professional grade compared to the others because others worked ok , but nothing like this brand . It took me a while to get used to the taste , but honestly it magically became more of just a neutral taste and I now I actually crave it . I keep a nalgene bottle full of it everywhere I go and I feel more engeritic throughout the day drinking it . I will warn you , you will get a lot of attention from people at work asking why you 're drinking what they call `` pond water '' which leads to a great conversation on the healthy benefits of greens . I am in no way a vegetarian or vegan , not saying that 's bad , just normal guy trying to live a longer more enjoyable life with the people I love . A + product , I definitely recommend it .
 I have been using Green Vibrance for over 7 years now . I have been a natural health practitioner for 12 years and I fell in love with this product as soon as I was introduced to it . I have n't felt better , stronger , healthier or more wise with any other consumable product . I know it sounds hoaky to say but it is the way I feel about it . The amount of healthy vitamins , herbs , and additives in this product are astounding . I joke with friends suggesting that I feel like a super hero when I drink my fresh juice smoothies addiing this powder to them . As a meal replacement or a supplement to a smaller meal I feel full , satisfied and physically well as I consciously ingest probiotics , amino acids , spirulina and gobs more amazing ingredients . I 'm sure I sound over the top and ridiculous over my love for this product . However I really am grateful Vibrant Health continues to be consistent with value and integrity in the production of Green Vibrance Powder . I have never felt more confident in a healthcare product I consume on a regular basis . My nails are truly stronger , my hair seems healthier and thicker , I feel I also have a stronger constitution to defend communicable diseases and feel generally well over all . I typically blend this powder in my freshly juiced fruits , although I use commercially produced organic juices which are also just as good , and drink with my breakfast in replace of a meal or often over my morning cereal . Initially it is a little odd to be drinking something so green and people less committed to natural health find that to be too much . The way I prepare it as a smoothie the flavors of the powder blend nicely and are pleasantly palatable . In complete honesty if someone is just transitioning to a green supplement powder they may want to try this product in tablet form . However the shift is fairly easy to make . Well , I guess I just ca n't say enough good over this product and I highly recommend it .
 I am a very healthy person as it is . I exercise regularly and adhere to a very strict diet . I purchased Green Vibrance hoping to enhance my overall health and was also hoping for a little extra energy as well . After I finished my first 30 day supply of it , I had n't really noticed any changes in my health or my energy level . Since the stuff was so expensive , I decided not to repurchase it . A few days later , I noticed that my endurance in the gym had dropped and my overall mood throughout the day was terrible . Since Green Vibrance was the only thing that I had changed , I decided to order another tub and immediately started feeling better once I began taking it again . Just to be sure this was n't a fluke , I had this tested another time that I ran out of product before I could reorder and felt the same decline in mood and endurance until it arrived to me . This stuff wo n't magically make you into a ball of energy or instantly make you healthy , but over time this product will contribute positively to your health and mood . I will continue to be a loyal customer , it is worth the money .
 I have taken other greens but this one seems to make my energy last all day and it mixes very good with other things like whey protein .
 To get the old $ 58 price I need to subscribe now ? Terrible idea . Love the product but wo n't go for this price gauge .
 This stuff is expensive , but well worth the money . I rave to all my family and friends about it and they say they are interested in it . I recently purchased some for my Dad ... . I have a feeling he will like it as well .
 Love the product and especially the price . At the local organic stores here it would be at least 20 dollars more .
 Green Vibrance is a product I have been using regularly for years , and i was happy to find this source which offers the product at the lowest price I could find and in convenient autoship . Before each shipment I receive an email and opportunity to cancel the order , which allows me time to check my stock . And I do love the free shipping .
 Great product . Arrived intact and in a timely manner . Green whole food supplements are a great source especially for those of us who do not get enough in out diet .
 A very healthful additive to ones daily intake of supplements my cardiolgist was extremely happy to see this in my list of daily intake
 This stuff is great . I mix it with juice at times and at times just with water . The effects are immediate and the energy is lasting . I mix a glass in the morning and at lunch .
 I have been buying GV for at least 11/2 years and have not seen GV at such a low price .
 His review of Nature 's Secret is telling
 Best stuff ever !! I should get some of this stuff for free for all the people i 've gotten to start purchasing it .
 I was pleasantly surprised and at the same time pleased to see Green Vibrance , a product that I have been using for quite some time , being featured on such a great show . Rosie Odonell , swears by its benefits , and even had Dr. Oz drink a Green Vibrance shake on his show with her . It was cute to see them do the hand embrace thing as they drank the shake together . I will continue to use it , and I loved the feature .
 i have been drinking it for 2 years - at first the taste is funky but mix it with cranberry or orange juice and it is ok - after awhile you wont even flinch at the taste and can even mix with water in a pinch . after all this time i can tell u that my gastrointestinal tract feels so much better -LRB- but be warned - when u first start dont leave the bathroom area for about an hour ; i would walk our dogs in the morning after drinking it in the beginning and find myself running home -RRB- ; at some point during the first few months u find yourself craving it as a beginning to your day - i work in healthcare and am exposed to lots of infections and can tell u that this is an excellent product - i have been the butt of many jokes by friends and family , and yet i still continue my daily regiment of drinking it - 5 stars
 First of all the Bad . The taste , which i do n't mind actually , is like eating your lawn ground up , no pain no gain right ? I actually prefer the taste than knowing i 'm downing more sugar or artificial sweeteners which i do n't need . This thing is high in fiber , and will make you regular , but not an emergency run to the bathroom . It will also make you lose weight . I assume this is from the fiber , and detox effects of having so much good stuff in your body . The miracle . I have had this weird foot fungus forever on my foot , and the only thing i have changed recently is adding this to my diet , and it 's getting better !!! I just noticed it the other day . I have been on the product for two weeks at this point and can already tell its working . Everyone around me at work is sick . EVERYBODY . I have n't even caught a hint of a sniffle . I hope they do n't ever get rid of this product or change it in any way . I do n't know if I could find something like this elsewhere . I can verify that it does give you a slight energy boost also . If you can stay away from fast food , soda , and drink this every day you will probably be doing more than 98 percent of American 's out there for your health . Make it your sacred three food rules . I have .
 Edited , added note a year or two later :1 -2 times a day , I add 2 TBLS of Bragg Apple Cider Vinegar to a small can of pineapple juice , some cubes of ice and blend it in a blender -LRB- on `` ice crusher '' . -RRB- Frothy , refreashing and Delicious!I also always add a scoop of Green Vibrance ; the above ingrediants make Green Vibrance tasty . Anyway , love the above recipe !!! And love the energy and clarity it seems to give me !!! original post
 A little back history about myself . I am a 80 's born asian male . All throughout my years in high school my face was smooth as a babies butt ! I had no issues with acne until I started college . I then slowly started breaking out with acne . These were some of the worst years of my life . My acne was beyond bad at one stage , my face was literally purple and red from the massive breakouts and scars . I was socially mortified ! Not to mention I have tried numerous -LRB- name your beauty product -RRB- products in attempts to fix my face . It would help temporarily but still I would have sporadic breakouts.Fast forward to June 2011 I am still having seldom breakouts even at this age ! My buddy introduces me to green vibrance . He mixed a cup of cranberry juice with a scoop of green vibrance powder . The taste was n't to bad . . -LRB- I actually enjoy drinking this every morning now . -RRB- He was telling me how there were so many nutritious greens and how healthy it was . I was sold and purchased my own tub on amazon and have been taking it religiously every morning -LRB- 30 mins -RRB- after breakfast.I am writing this August 10th 2011 . I and everyone I know has noticed that my face has cleared up significantly in the two months I have taken green vibrance . So apparently I had some internal digestive issues which was causing my breakouts . I believe green vibrance has ` fixed ' me ! I have n't been this clear since , I ca n't even remember !! I am thrilled to share my story ! Cheers to Green Vibrance!Update August 29th 2012 : I am pleased to report that I no longer have breakouts . I began taking green vibrance daily starting from June 2011 till December 2011 . I am still taking scoops of this at seldom , not daily like before . I feel great and face looks wonderful . I wish I had found out about green vibrance earlier in my life .
 My husband and I are in our mid-50s and have been enjoying a morning `` smoothie '' using Green Vibrance for over 2 years now . I can not recommend this product enough ! I have n't had a cold , flu , etc since we started this regimen . We are regular , energetic ... healthy !
 I work out every morning at 5:30 and spend my entire day working in construction . With the dogs and busy schedule I barely slept . I had tried numerous multivitamins from all brands . After trying Green Vibrance for about a month I feel like i have a nuclear reactor inside my chest . The energy I have for work and play is up tenfold . Great product
 I am a very healthy and very active woman in her later 30 's . In addition to a full time , stressful corporate job , I also play the role of Mom to my 3 kids -LRB- all under the age of 5 -RRB- . So , yes , I am VERY busy and often very tired . Eating well and getting lots of good exercise is key to maintaining my energy levels but I have discovered that a daily dose of Green Vibrance is essential to my daily regimen . Raw foodists know first hand the benefits of eating green , but the rest of us quickly dismiss this important food group and point the finger at other areas to justify their low energy . No folks ... its the GREEN . Green Vibrance tips the scale on many competitor brands with loads of probiotics and organic ingredients . I have not found another similar product that has given me the same results . -LRB- the taste is not so great , but I mix my dose in a 6 oz glass of juice and shoot it quickly , and then chase it with 2 oz of plain juice OR I incorporate into a smoothie -RRB-
 This is the best super food out there . I do n't get all these people complaining about the taste . All you need to do is mix with OJ and it 's fine . After a week , you 'll get used to the taste . I like using a banana , oj , and a scoop of Trader Joe 's frozen plain yogurt . THis literally makes my hair grow faster and my nails and it just makes me feel better ALL day . I no longer crave a nap -LRB- I 'm 40 -RRB- around 3pm . The 15 travel packets are good to use if you travel a lot . Buy this stuff now !
 I used to smoke a pack a day , Ive never done well in school because of attention and energy issues , and I rarely ever exercised , I never really understood how everyone else did so well . I started taking this stuff once a day , or every other day . Three years later Ive been riding about 10-15 miles a day , and up to 50 miles in one day on my road bike , I can run about 9-10 miles , I have not smoked a single puff in over two years , and Ive been making solid straight A 's and almost have my batchelors , going for a masters or higher . I literally feel like a completely new , better person . Careful coming off of it though , it can make you itchy . You are what you eat folks , plain and simple.Ps . Ive tried other cheaper superfoods , to save money , none of them work like green vibrance .
 I was a bit overwhelmed by the selection of this sort of product but I 'm very , very happy with my choice . I drink it with pineapple juice once a day and the taste is no barrier to all the goodness inside . I held my nose the first few times but after a week I started craving it , and now I 'm hooked . Being gluten free with a sensitive stomach I find that whenever I eat something that does n't agree with me 2 glasses of this sorts me out faster than anything else . I 'm trying to get my senior-aged father to drink it ! No miracle for my sinus/allergies but I 'm not disappointed .
 My wife and I have been taking this every day for the last 2 weeks . I think our skin looks better . We sleep better . We are a little less moody and seem to handle stress better . It will keep you regular . It tastes awful . My wife chugs it in juice . I choose not to . I sprinkle it over a mashed banana and add some honey to the concoction . Overall , for us , this is a safe supplement that gives us enough of a positive effect that we will continue to buy it and take it . I think it beats taking a multivitamin by a long shot . It is a good mental `` carrot '' too . I 'll think of eating something unhealthy and then I think but if I ate that my Green Vibrance would n't work as well and I 'm paying for that . Yeah . It does that too . I 'd recommend it to most people though yes it is a shotgun approach . I just think it is funny when I 'm listening to the herb guy on the radio do his show and he 'll start talking about something and I 'll look at my wife and say hey is n't that in that stuff we are taking ? More than half the time it is .
 Good supplement . We noticed more energy and overall better health feeling . Lost some weight and noticed the usual afternoon slump has gone away .
 I am 61 years old and have been taking green super-foods for over 20 years . I started out with a product called Exsula Iridesca -LRB- excellent but expensive -RRB- . I have tried numerous others -LRB- the 2nd best for me was Boku Super-food -RRB- that were good as well . Green Vibrance has been overall the best for me . Green super-foods have detoxed my liver and has given me the nutrition my body needs and filled the nutritional voids from eating even a healthy diet.If you are not used to green super-foods the taste may seem terrible at best . I suggest mixing it in cranberry or other strong juice to start . If you are into green smoothies as I am you can put it into the green smoothie -LRB- or other smoothie -RRB- . It will however change the taste , but the nutrition you get from this supplement will be worth it.The price Amazon has for this product -LRB- go for the autoship-you can change your mind later -RRB- is an excellent price .
 I feel better about myself when I take this product . My skin feels tighter and more resilient and hair seems shinier . I also like the fact that it 's good for the body . On the other hand , it tastes like grass on it 's own . To drink it , I mix it with a small glass of juice and `` down '' the whole thing . Taste wise , I prefer Amazing Grass Superfood but would buy either depending on which one i on sale .
 Green Vibrance is the best ever ... and they are constantly improving this product . . therefore each time you purchase this it is better than before ... Thank You
 I put this in a smoothie every morning with berries and bananas . Very good and I feel the difference !
 I 've had intestinal issues since I was 9 years old . Modified many times and they are getting worse . This stuff is making life bearable .
 This stuff is fantastic . I eat a lot of greens in my daily diet , but it can be hard to stuff pounds of greens in during a busy schedule . This give me the added benefit of what is good for me in a fast and easy drink . I mix it with orange juice or apple juice and I actually think it taste great now . I crave it when I have n't had my daily dose .
 I drink this stuff every day mixed with a little juice or metamucil or nothing . It tastes OK . The health benefits are worth it . Have used it for over a year ... have n't been sick and have felt great and full of energy .
 I love this product ! It was recommended to me by my personal vegan trainer . She loves it ! She does n't put anything in her body unless it 's organic ! I was diagnosed with bladder cancer on August 8th . I changed my entire program and went from eating meat to totally vegan and only drinking green drinks . I have been using this product and making smoothies with it for 2 months and I have lost 30 pounds ! On Sept 24th after a biopsy was taken I found out that I am cancer free ! Thanks be to God !!! : -RRB- Some of you might find the taste not as good as others . If that is the case , try my favorite recipes that will most certainly turn heads at your next party or event.In a blender :1 scoop of Green Vibrance , 1 batch of Organic Kale , 1 dash of Stevia , 1 dash of Sea Salt , 2 Organic Lemons -LRB- peeled -RRB- , 2 Organic Green Apples , 1 thumb size chunk of Ginger root -LRB- peeled -RRB- , slight dash of Cayenne Pepper , Mountain Spring Water or best Aqua Hydrate 9pH water , blend - serves 6 . Absolutely delicious ! You will thank me later . : -RRB- Breakfast recipe :1 scoop of Green Vibrance , 1/2 cup of Unsweetened Flax Milk , 1/2 cup of Unsweetened Coconut Milk , 1 baby Coconut water & meat -LRB- Use hatchet to get the coconut open -RRB- , 1/2 cup of Unsweetened Almond Milk , 1 Chunk of Aloe Vera Leaf , 3 Tablespoons of
 After reading reviews of this product , I decided to purchase it - although I ended up buying it at the grocery store . I definitely notice a boost in my energy level a short while after drinking it . I mix it with 8 oz . of cold water and I admit the appearance is alarming - it 's dark green and looks thick . Also it smells very ... green . However , I do n't find the flavor as off-putting as , say , wheatgrass juice . I just chug it down and make sure I have some water nearby to chase it - although like I said , I do n't mind the taste . This morning I mixed it with a tsp . of Maca powder and it seemed it made the taste more mild . Could be my imagination , maybe I 'm just used to it now . Anyway , I know this stuff is expensive but it has so much going for it as far as healthy ingredients and nutrients that I will definitely order more through Amazon in the future . I keep mine in my freezer because that 's what it recommends as being the optimal storage area due to the probiotics .
 I am overweight and had a complete lack of energy to make it through the day . I first got wind of this product from the 4 hour diet wanting you to buy athletic greens which is a competing product and twice the price . I combine Green Vibrance , Rainbow Vibrance and Muscle Milk Lite to make a shake every morning for breakfast . I have more energy and feel 100 % better . I highly recommend this product . I will never stop taking this product as long as I am alive . I truely feel so much better .
 I take a little less than a scoopful before a cardio workout and it gives me a big energy boost . Since I take the recommended amount stated on the package , the large container lasts me quite a while . Some people complain about the taste but just mix it with a beverage . I frankly do n't care about the taste , only about the result . I highly recommend this stuff .
 I 'm 50 years old and a RN I have been taking Vibrant Green for 2 weeks but I 'm in love with the results so far . It is expensive but the benefits out weighs the cost . My husband and I switched to a plant based diet to see if it would help with his migraines that came on suddenly and was not controlled with medication . We later switches to juicing . I travel a lot and my husband would not juice despite the fact that it made him feel better so I started juicing and freezing the juice during my trips which worked for him but was time consuming for me . I was talking to my pastor 's wife about juicing and the whole story about traveling . She recommended Vibrant Green and blessed us with a 25 oz . we started taking and my husband has not had a migraine and the both of us has had so much energy . After my trips I usually sleep the next day until 12 pm well actually I sleep like that on any off day and sometimes more well this morning I 'm up washed several loads of clothes , cleaned up the house etc and its not 12 yet . I love this products and love this type of natural energy . Does not feel over stimulated and no ups and downs of energy level .
 I was scared to try this , expecially with all the choices out there , but this powder tastes good and has made a huge difference in my energy levels and health . I have been using it daily for 4 weeks and I am addicted . My mornings now feel weird without it . My skin is better , lashes longer , and nails stronger - and those are just the obvious physical differences . If you are worried , try the small version and see how it goes ! My interest in this started after reading Revive by Dr. Frank Lipman . Check it out if you are interested!I usually combine it with almond milk , agave , and frozen fruits - and sometimes half of an avocado . I have tried it with juice and/or rice milk - I find almod milk to taste better and conveniently have less calories -LRB- the unsweetened version -RRB- .
 This product was first recommended to me by a physician friend about 15 years ago . I have been taking it ever since . I feel good when I take it . I am a very health conscious person and I take a variety of supplements ; this is my favorite -LRB- although omega 3 's are also very important -RRB- . There are many greens products on the market ; check the ingredient labels and you will see that Green Vibrance is the best . No , it wo n't cure your every health problem . No , it ca n't replace a healthy diet . Yes , it is a darn good supplement .
 Of all various green powders , that I have tried , this one is by far the best one , it has given me a lot of energy and an overall good feeling of wellbeing . This summer while visiting family , my sister asked `` what are you on '' ... well the only different thing in my daily consumtion was Green Vibrance , so I am truly sold by taking this product , and it makes me very happy to have this added to my daily routine . I 'm thrilled !
 I took this to my sports nutritionist and he said it was a good green supplement . Do n't forget to refrigerate after opening .
 My fingernails are growing , instead of breaking ! But you could have warned a person that this stuff tastes like GRASS ! Ugh ... but the benefits outweigh the taste . And its easy to cover it up with a little orange_pineapple juice . Overall ... great product ... i feel sassy again .
 I have used this product for years . It is amazing ! I have more energy , clarity of thoughts , and general over all well being . It also seems to help my hair grow faster . There are so many good foods in this product ; more then any other of the greens I have ever tried . I know I do n't want to be without it . Wish I had stock in the company because I have turned on so many people to this product now ...
 Fantastic product . I use 1-2 + times/day . Great to mix with coconut water and drink before bed ... ESPECIALLY after a night of drinking . Makes the next morning much easier .
 Highly recommend this product . I was introduced to it by a friend who was recommended its use to help boost immunity and blood cell content . I have used this product daily for the past 5 years . I have improved my immunity against sinus infections and general sickness , my bowels are regulated , and have more consistent energy through out the day . No more afternoon lulls , feeling so much better and as a result more active .
 I strive to eat two salads a day . I 'm lucky if I eat one . And while I do not eat processed foods , it is very , very easy for me to fall into a habit of eating the same things day after day after day.I got this to cover the bases on eating/not eating vegetables . I also like how many probiotics it has in it.It is very easy to drink . There 's barely any taste , and what 's there at all is a faintly sweet -LRB- very faint -RRB- grassy taste . I have tried other ground up superfood drinks in the past and did n't stick with them , mostly because I kind of dreaded drinking them . This does n't bother me.If I could have any complaint about Green Vibrance , it is that it needs to be kept in the refrigerator or , even better , in the freezer after it 's opened . That 's not a problem 95 % of the time , but when I 'm traveling , it 's a pain . The company does offer this in packets , but the cost of each serving in the packets is MUCH higher than the cost from these larger tubs.Eh - I 'll still be using it ... I 'll just end up spending a bit more money . It 's worth it .
 This Green Vibrance is our supper every other Thursday night ! It 's our health spa night with this light delicious supper.I use pineapple juice , orange juice , frozen banana , yogurt , ground flax seed and a couple of scoops of the Vibrance powder to make a delicious and nutritious drink for my husband and me . I put all in the blender and add crushed ice to get the thickness we like . This and saltines with hummus or peanut butter is our meal ... very satisfying and filling . We have used this product for 15 + years . It is an easy meal , can be varied with different fruit -LRB- peaches this summer time of year -RRB- . Amazon has a great price on the Green Vibrance Family Size Power - 60 Day Supply and as always , on time delivery .
 Ugh , I could smack myself for paying 2x the price and money IS an object . So for me to -LRB- up until now !!! -RRB- shell out a Ben Franklin for a container of powder-it is amazing . I used to be a regular juicer , but that involved hunting down quality organic produce , using a special wash , use plenty of the produce for decent amount of juice and then clean up the God-awful mess . With Green Vibrance , all the fuss is taken out and even more high impact special greens are involved . I mix it into almond or coconut milk with a sugar free protein powder -LRB- I like chocolate-Prograde carries a trustworthy product -RRB- . It tastes great and covers the nutritional bases . An all around winner since trying to eat right with what is available is time-consuming AND expensive .
 I wanted to get away from taking isolated vitamins and minerals so I now take Green Vibrance 45 minutes after breakfast each day . A couple sales people at Super Supplements recommended it over other brands , telling me that although there are less expensive alternatives , Green Vibrance uses high quality ingredients without cheap fillers to reduce the cost . And at $ 50 for a 2 month supply , it 's a great deal through Amazon . I still take fish oil , CoQ10 , and vitamin D along with a good diet so I feel I 'm pretty well covered health wise .
 I noticed more energy within a week of taking it . After two weeks my body was on a regular schedule -LRB- no need to go into details -RRB- . After three weeks I noticed my nails growing fast and strong-including my hair . I just felt great all over . While everyone was getting sick with colds , I never got sick . I felt mentally and physically balanced . Then I ran out and was running low on funds and stopped cold turkey . I started feeling sluggish and completely out of wack ! I did n't think it was because I was missing the Green vibrance . I chucked it to being stressed out at work . Once I stepped back and thought about it , it clicked . I 'm now back on the band wagon and feeling fresh ! I will be honest it taste like crap and it took awhile for me to figure out how to make it work . The secret is bananas ! Ok , fine ... you need to make a smoothie with strawberries or other berries , yogurt and at least half of a banana and its sooo yummy . Ive tried it with no banana and it was just yucky . Hope this helps some of you ! Enjoy ! Oh , they also sell this at Super Supplement Stores for a good price .
 Great product.everything they say it is.better than any probiotic I have used.i do wish they added kelp to this.The taste and texture is not pleasing but I treat it like medicine and get it over with.Works best with warm water , best for mixing and easier for your body to assimilate product .
 I have used for 3 weeks now and still notice a difference in my energy everyday . I no longer have that 2:30 feeling . I am sure it is doing more for me that I ever will know .
 My whole family has been using this product for 3 months . I believe that this has helped us all stay healthy through the flu season and is also helping to regulate my weight . Fantastic product from a fantastic company .
 Great product have been using for about 4 years now , one scoop in protein shake , and a wonderful day I have .
 I have been using pretty consistently for a few weeks now , but there seemed to be quite a bit of hype with this product that I am not sure of . How long does it take to make a huge difference ? I mix one scoop with a banana , other fruit , almond milk , and ice . Really does n't taste too bad that way . I would just like to see a difference before I try to reorder it .
 Great price for a 60 day supply , and it mixes well with V8 fruit drinks , apple juice , but make sure you mix it in a shaker bottle to fully saturate it.It looks nasty and tastes a bit grassy , but is VERY boosting and healthy!I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I have been using Green Vibrance for a couple of years now and just recently started purchasing it from Amazon . Since I have been using it I have not been sick to any serious degree . I was exposed to someone with a cold for a couple of hours and had to use the same keyboard . I only had some slight sniffles with a very mild headache afterwards . This year I was exposed to someone with a bad case of the flu and my body responded only with some slight weakness and I was a little more tired than usual . I drank lots of water and got plenty of sleep and only had those systems for a few days.If you are not used to green drinks , the taste and consistency might be a bit off-putting . Stay with it and you will be rewarded .
 After trying a couple of other `` Greens '' formulas , I came back to Vibrant Health . Its ingredients are the most well-rounded , it tastes fairly decent -LRB- for greens -RRB- and the price on Amazon is hands-down the best .
 I do wish this were made with organic greens , but the taste is n't bad -LRB- if you 're tolerant of super-healthy-tasting food -RRB- and it 's packed with nutrient-dense veggies .
 I would buy this powder again !!!!! Good product . You have to be realistic ... that taste can be tricky , but I have tasted worse .
 I love this stuff . I mix Rainbow Vibrance with Field of Greens and Green Vibrance with a glass of strong flavored juice daily .
 Although a little on the bland side -LRB- what would you expect from greens -RRB- I do like the taste when mixed with OJ or carrott juice . Ca n't say I feel any difference , but it 's good to know that I 'm getting my veggies and fruits .
 Considering cost , value AND effectiveness ... Green Vibrance is the category leader in phytonutrients . I must admit though , it does n't give me the same `` spark '' that GofL RAW Meal used to . I just could n't afford the RAW Meal expense anymore . Maybe I need to give Green Vibrance a little more time , but I am pleased with it and will definitely purchase again .
 This 60 day supply is a good deal here and I 've tried quite a few . I take it 30-45 minutes after eating once a day and know that I 've consumed a very nutrient dense green super food . It does cause some bloating and I have n't figured out the resolve for that yet . This is my last stop for green superfood so I 'll continue to reorder at this great price .
 I use it in power protein shakes and also in my fresh juicing . No bad after taste , also compared it with other products and it wins hands down .
 Green Vibrance has kept me healthy and regular even with a recent surgery and while taking narcotics . I take this everyday and will forever !
 This is an excellent product and extremely reasonably priced . Brand names of very similar products cost $ 60 for 1/2 the quantity of this one . A friend at work turned me on to using Amazon to purchase and it 's an excellent value . I love drinking this every morning . The amount of ingredients and nutrients is phenomenal and it gives me a lot of energy . I try in many ways to be very healthy and this is such a great additional to my lifestyle . I tell all my friends they need to drink it !
 I 'll try Now Phytofood at some point , but Green Vibrance is really great for joint health . It tastes bad but is drinkable mixed in water . I 'd imagine with juice it 's ok . It mixes pretty easily .
 One of the best products on the market ! Blend it in a smoothie and get all the benefits of probiotics plus all the other necessary nutrients needed .
 I 'm on my second jar of Green Vibrance , and I really like it . My son recommended it after I had heart surgery , as an aid to my recovery . I think it helped a lot . It has a very well thought out balance of nutrients .
 The product of greens you choose to use is your choice as there are many out there . I have tried several others and have my whole family using Green Vibrance . Everyone in the family agrees it makes you feel so much better during the day . At a health food store a salesman advised me that `` if I took no other vitamins I should consider a glass of greens a day . Most of the health books I have read support this concept . the list of ingredients and vitamins in Green Vibrance is endless . It seems a little expensive , but then again whats your health worth ?
 I discovered this product in a supplements shop and I have been using it ever since , for going on 2 years now . It 's not easy to find off the shelf , but that is not an issue when you can get it through Amazon . I now recommend it to all my friends and family . With lupus-type joint pain , I find that I can get instant relief that lasts for hours and with regular use -LRB- and combined with health-conscious food choices -RRB- , this product actually improves the condition . I had a bad left elbow for months . Docs and chiros could n't help . Stopain made all the difference . The pain dimished with regular use and within weeks , it was gone . My adult son has started using it for chronic back pain and he is amazed , as well.It does have a strong smell of menthol when first applied , but I do n't care since it eliminates my aches and pains .
 I have used this product for years.I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and the doctor also had it.I found this spray after going through all the other pills that did n't work . I found much relief in this spray . I can get more sleep at night when I spray before bed on my joints . It smells like peppermint but that dissapates and you get relief.It 's a little cold going on but theat goes away.It 's worth a try ! I keep a supply of this.It 's very hard to find in stores and I think Amazon has the best prices for the bigger bottle . I ordered my last one through the hospital pharmacy who had never heard of it.I let the clerk try it and she said her wrist did n't hurt like before.So I give this product a big thumbs up !
 While I was researching Stopain on Amazon I checked the addresses from where the products would be coming from . I chose the supplier closest to my home so I would recieve my product faster . My product did arrive quickly and in great shape . I was impressed with the service and delivery I received .
 not sure why but this stuff truely gets to the root of the pain . i have fibro and have tried over 20 topical sprays and creams from amazon alone . . i buy this at my local walgreens and altho it doesnt last as long as i wish it would it really takes away that terrible achey feeling and FAST . i just ordered 6 bottles from another source because they offered a volume discount and since my condition will likely never go away i want to make sure i ALWAYS have this product on hand . so grateful for it , i use it daily - i have one in each room of the house and in the car !!!!
 This product is wonderful for temporary short-term pain relief , just spray and rub . If you are suffering for an extended period of time then you should see a medical professional .
 This product works very quickly for me . I can not bend and the spray bottle is a big help to me .
 I bought this product years ago for a sore back but soon discovered that it is great to stop itching . I have pruritis -LRB- severe itching -RRB- and this product provides immediate relief .
 I purchased this for an an elderly friend who has used this product for years . She has never complained of any problems with the quality and the same holds true for this order from Amazon .
 So far , of all the products I 've tried , I have to say that this is the best . Easy to use , quick acting , and relatively long lasting . The price is right , too . The only down side is the strong smell when spraying it on . Boy , the whole house will know it 's being used ! But , it stops the throbbing it my legs , so I 'll always have it near by .
 Es un exelente producto para aliviar dolores musculares y artriticos el producto llego en el tiempo previsto y llego muy bien
 This stuff is amazing ! I played professional sports and always kept a bottle of this in my bag.I do n't use stuff that is toxic to my body , only natural products . So , I had my naturopath test it to see if it was a good , pure product -LRB- no unnecessary garbage in it -RRB- and it rated almost 100 % pure . He now uses it in his practice . Easy to use and very effective . I always keep a bottle on hand . Great for aching muscles or joints . Just like the bottle says ... non-greasy and fast-acting !
 I 'm 5 '10 in height tall lady and weigh 286 pounds use to be 303 pounds two weeks ago . I been using this product over 6 months and just now ordered 2 more bottles -LRB- yes writing review from phone -RRB- . I work in retail and dumb polices exist where you must stand 7 hours even if you can do a task sitting and your hidden in the back they like you to stand I get a 30min lunch aka sit down and ten min break sit down and when your pain is extreme that 's not enough . I limp in pain my feet feel stiff my ankle joints I can hear my bone pop and yesterday after work had to crawl to bathroom . I have to go now so will be spraying more on after review . I even have to sit on the way home ... no car and bus was long wait . I walk slower then everyone at work pain so great . I spray several sprays a day just to walk . This stuff is a God send . Other obese people walk better then me because their ankles do n't go in nor are they flat footed . I 'm not living and end up staying in bed on days off . I used two other pain relief such as mentholatum pain relief I popped pills and tried
 I love and depend on this product . I stocked up for my move overseas . I weakness has always been orthopedic/rheumatoid , suffering shoulder pain , neck pain , knee pain , and the aftermath of Achilles tendonitis and broken bones in my foot . I 've tried everything , and this is the only product that gives me relief -- and because it 's topical , you avoid all the side effects of pain killers . Those who complain that it does n't last long enough obviously are not chronic pain sufferers . First of all -- you can reapply it . Second -- anything that brings real relief is 5 STARS !! Do n't waste your money on Tiger Balm or any of the other stuff out there . This is the gold standard .
 If you can get past the smell , this is a great product ! No , it does n't smell bad , really , but if you do n't aim it carefully it will make your eyes water . Excellent for all kinds of aches and pains and you do n't get any greasy stuff all over your hands ; you just spray it on ! We always have it on hand and use it often .
 I 'm very satisfied with Stopain . It was recommended to me and I was doubtful if it would really take the pain away , but it does !
 Both my husband and myself have used this product for the last few years and would n't be without it . It is wonderful for pain from arthritis and sore muscles . I use it every night . So glad I can get it from Amazon as it is hard to find at the drugstores .
 I bought it for a friend , so I can not personally assure you that it works . However , my friend likes it .
 This is the best large pill box available . I take a lot of meds 4 times a day . it took four year to wear out the first one . I 'm on the second one now . Nothing better .
 New improved version of their pill chest.The clear plastic is helpful ; old version was opaque.The box frame is streamlined -LRB- compartments are same large size -RRB- and will be easier to pack . The older version was a lot bulkier.BUT ... handle with care.I tend to be rough on things and this needs to be handled gently.Using a lid to pull out a day case from the frame can tear off the lid.Instead , use the hole in back to pop it out easily.Amid the praise , complaints here are about those lids coming offand they can if you use the lids to -LRB- as one reviewer complained -RRB- `` lift the individual trays out . '' Instead , use the hole in back.That is what it is designed for !
 We bought these for both my husband and myself . The compartments are large , as is the print . What I love most is being able to remove one days worth and put it in my purse for the day . It is very convenient for those days I am running errands . You will love it !
 Easy to use ; convenient if you want to line up a whole week but only want to set out one day at a time . Rather large in the tray -LRB- it would n't fit in our drawer -RRB- .
 I recently switched to this type of pill organizer because the clear compartments are even easier to see through than the others in my old pill organizer which had a shade of blue . This is a very good pill organizer that comes in quite handy . I have to take six types of prescription medications daily -LRB- thank goodness that 's down from seven prescription strength medicines a day -RRB- ; and especially at bedtime when I 'm tired , believe it or not I sometimes actually forget if I 've taken my bedtime pills ! This is extremely important for me because I can not run the risk of taking a double dose of medicine at bedtime ; an accidental double overdose of my meds would be quite dangerous . This product allows me to place all of my pills in their individual compartments within the organizer so I wo n't forget to take any of them during the day!Although some people are concerned that more than one pill compartment can open too easily when you only want to open just one compartment , that rarely happens to me especially because I leave it lying flat on my night table or bathroom vanity ; therefore I never really have to open any one section with so much effort that other compartments would also open and have pills flying out every which way!So far , thank goodness , I still do n't need to use the noontime and the evening pill containers ; but if I ever did they would be a great help to me . I 'm sure that people who need to take medicine or vitamins at these times of the day will find these containers quite useful . You can also remove a daily case for when you 're having a busy day and ca n't get back home until the evening ; that way you wo n't miss any dosages of the pills you need to take . The daily cases are also labeled , one for each day of the week.There is one possible negative that I want to caution you about ; it 's definitely worth mentioning . Some people have to take more than one large pill and/or vitamin at the same time of the day . If this is true in your case , you may want a pill organizer with larger individual compartments than there are in this product . Look at the measurements for the individual compartments -LRB- they 're right above on this webpage -RRB- to determine if the size of the compartments will be large enough for you.Overall , I highly recommend this pill organizer/dispenser/planner for anyone who wants a safe , reliable way to store up to a week 's worth of medicine and/or vitamins . In addition , people can use this to remind themselves of whether or not they took their medicine ; and that 's extremely important .
 Great organizer ... . especially beneficial for the elderly , takes the confusion out of medicine taking . I fill this organizer once a week for both my elderly parents . All they have to do is take the days tray out and place at the their place at the table ... . no excuse for missed medication . I actually have two for each of them . That way if something comes up that I ca n't get there the regular day to fill they have a reserve all ready to go ! Of course , to avoid confusion as to which belongs to whom I have clear for my mother and green ones for my father . A must for anyone on several medications .
 This is a great pill organizer for those that have lots -LRB- LOTS -RRB- of pills while some of them large . Seems to be good quality .
 I think that for all the medicines that I take this pill box was a must for me .
 My dad takes 14 medications a day . Some of them more than once a day and he has several large pills . In order to keep his medicine organized on a weekly basis , this larger pill case was necessary .
 I take a lot of prescription drugs and this item is perfect for arranging my daily doses . It is hare to believe that people can keep up with what to take next and what has been taken without a container such as this . Thanks for the opportunity to find one .
 I found that the product was as it is advertised , provides convenience in taking multiple medicines .
 As of 2009 , after 4 years of testing , I continue to prefer the LARGE Medi-Chest . Nothing has broken on any of the 5 units and the removable daily case is great for making day trips or going out hunting , fishing , canoing , or golfing.These have met the test ! They still snap shut tightly and no compartments have lost their tops due to stress fatigue from opening and closing them.Just as importantly , I can carry my plethora of cardiac , kidney , prostate and arthritis medications in one daily container when I go golfing , fishing , hunting or canoing . If a compartment does just happen to open , it sure beats trying to pick up a week 's worth of meds from the golf course and put them back in the right compartments ! 2009 UPDATE
 This is the right size , markings are very readable , everything fits and snaps closed well . No problems . It is big enough to keep all my pills , and I can remove one tray to put in my purse for the day . The pills do n't fall out because the tops snap tight .
 Well made ! I bought 3 total and am able to prepare my meds in advance and to safely carry them in my purse .
 Ii love it - it works well for me . It allows me to set up my meds for an entire weeo
 If you 're taking a lot of pills like me , then these large Amex Medi Chest pill containers are the way to go . The compartments are large and easy to work with . And I love that each day 's worth of pills can be removed so you only have just the 1 day 's compartment to deal with , instead of having to handle the entire week 's container all at once . Everything is clearly marked in nice bold black ink and is easy to read , even without glasses . I bought 5 of these and prep a whole month in advance at a time . The price was right , so I 'd rather do that tedious chore monthly instead of weekly . They appear to be durable too , so I expect them to last me a good while . Would definitely buy again . Good Luck !!
 product was good quality and worked great . However , I found it more of a pain in general to use so i quit using it within a week
 As of 2007 , after 2 years of testing , I now prefer the large Medi-Chest . Nothing has broken on any of the 5 units and the removable daily case is great for making day trips or going out hunting , fishing canoing , or golfing.These have met the test ! They still snap shut tightly and no compartments have lost their tops due to stress fatigue from opening and closing them.Just as importantly , I can carry my plethora of cardiac , kidney , prostate and arthritis medications in one daily container when I go golfing , fishing , hunting or canoeing . If a compartment does just happen to open , it sure beats trying to pick up a week 's worth of meds from the golf course and put them back in the right compartments !
 I have been using this medicine chest for 7 or 8 years . I take a plethora of vitamins and supplements , including the big pills like fish oil . I have never had a problem with all my pills fitting . There is a smaller version of this product , which also has removable sections , and my pills would not fit in that one.Each morning , I pull that day 's section and take it to work with me . After a number of years , I noticed that some of the `` doors '' on my original chest did n't click closed and hold as securely as they did -- sometimes a door would pop open and spill in my purse -- not a big deal to scoop up 4 or 5 pills . Nevertheless , I purchased another . If I am traveling , I take out the days I do n't need and leave the rest in the tray , then put the entire tray in a ziplock bag.I found the advantage to having 2 units was that I did n't have to fill as often -LRB- which I hate to do -- not a big deal to most people , just one of those chores I do n't like doing -RRB- . I 've considered purchasing a 3rd and probably will at some point.I can not find this exact product anywhere but on Amazon . I purchased my original years ago in a drugstore , probably Rite-Aid , but have never found it since . I LOVE the convenience .
 I have had a smaller product in the same style , and it was frustrating and time consuming to fill them because to fit my perscription drugs and nutritional supplements into the small spaces required they each be placed in a particular order . I had just told a friend i needed the same style in a larger size when i found these in a web search . They are large enough to fit my fish oil capsules , vitamins , and other supplements without forcing them . Last night i did 6 weeks worth of medications in 2/3 the time it used to take me.So far the section covers are sturdy , but i have only used the chests for a few weeks . The covers open on the opposite side of the smaller one , so i am having to relearn opening them , and the edge for lifting the covers would be easier on my arthritic hands if it were a little wider . I purchased two chests from Amazon and found the same product labeled for my HMO in the HMO pharmacy for 1/2 the price , so i bought four more .
 The size is perfect for all my meds and supplements , I love the way they fit into the tray , perfect because I travel alot , however I think sometimes they tend to open on their own . My preference would be that they open on the opposite side but that 's because all the others I own open on the right side and I am continually trying to open like all my other pill boxes .
 Since I was interested in sorting out my own medication for a month I purchased four of the Apex Medicine chests . I found them to be sizable , I take a lot of big meds , and relatively sturdy if you use some care.The best part was the price . In order to find anything comparable in a store , you would have to spend at least $ 20 .
 Large , easy-to-open and easy-to-see compartments . We like the option of being able to remove a complete days ' meds from the larger box and taking it with us when we 're out and about . Seems to be of sturdy plastic that will last a while . Good organizer and good price .
 I take a lot of vitamins / supplements during the week , and use this to keep track . Works great , and I love the fact that each day 's pack is removable so I do n't have to take the entire thing with me to work . Lid hinges seem a little flimsy but I have n't had any problems with them so far .
 I take a lot of vitamins . I have several of these . They 're pretty convenient , and have lasted a reasonable amount of time . Some hinges are wearing here and there , but that 's to be expected .
 Needed the large size for my husbands meds . This is the only one I have found that all his pills will fit into . He has several large pills he has to take during the day and this works perfect .
 The lid could close a little more tightly . At times it opens when moving it around spilling the meds . But other than that , its simply brillliant
 Originally , I ordered a medicine chest that was too small for my needs . When I let them know , they found the perfect one for me . It is exactly like the one that I purchased many years ago and I have been looking for additional ones for years . I like to fill a month 's supply of medicine and vitamin supplements at a time , since filling the containers is one of my least favorite jobs . Thanks again for working with me .
 The large Apex Medi Chest is terrific for managing my vitamin and mineral needs . The individual bins are large enough for several big tablets . Good product at a fair price . : - -RRB-
 I have used the smaller version of this product for a number of years but my pills have overtaken it 's ability to hold them all and I still need it when I 'm away from home and I still am on the go a great deal . This box has worked great from the minute I filled it . It 's still small enough to not take up a great deal of space in my purse or luggage . Most of the time the seal is very good . I do have occasions when it does open in my purse but I assume it 's my lack of closing tightly rather than the unit . It 's wonderful that I can remove one day 's supply and carry it with me as I as most often go on day trips . I recommend to any one that has to take so many blooming pills !!
 If you take many medications at different times of the day this is an ideal storage and reminder container . Plus the daily snap out container is great to take with you when you go out for the day .
 Just got this and I love it ! I take a lot of large vitamins and it fits it all . Showed my mom and she wants one too . This makes it easier to know when to get new vitamins too . Love that the days can pop out , makes travel a lot simpler .
 I take a multitude of daily supplements and could n't find a great way to keep myself organized . This product is great ! I sort everything on the weekend for the entire week and throw it in my work bag . Each day 's container comes out individually so if I 'm traveling , etc I can throw that day 's in my purse and have all my supplements with me . I definitely recommend this !
 I have used these for vitamins for several years and have not worn them out yet . Bought extras because we tend to lose a few days because we carry them around in our pockets . Just the right size for me .
 This is perfect for those of us who have to take medicine more than once a day . It is particularly helpful when traveling so you do n't have to carry all of those bottles with you . If you must take them , at least make it as easy on yourself as possible .
 I 've used these things for years -LRB- like 10 or 12 -RRB- and finally wore out individual hinges . I was thrilled to find them here and immediately bought 2 more - I do mds & supplements 2 weeks at a time .
 I 've purchased this for years . The nutritional information speaks for itself . I use them when I do n't have time to make a meal , after a workout , etc. . Great product .
 These are just like the ones I buy at the store just cheaper . They came in 3 packs times 4 .
 I have bought these at the local target for several years and like them . The subscribe and save price with Amazon was a great deal . I do not like a very strong scent , so these are perfect for me and my family . They seem mild and not overpowering .
 it has nice scent that lasts . however , my first choice will always be the `` fresh linen '' scent -LSB- it was out of stock when I made this purchase . still waiting for it !
 I 'm glad I can still find refills for all my plug-ins ! Even the maker wo n't admit to discontinuing the line but blames retailers . Prices are so high when you can find these at all , so I buy them in bulk .
 searched everywhere but to no avail ; finally found them online ! they come in a box of 12 triplepaks , which is great ! the lavender & vanilla scent are pleasing and smell like someone baking on a spring day ! fresh & yummy !
 Such a beautiful smell . Everyone that walks into my home says it smells so good in here.Makes it homey .
 Nice price and good product as I have a lot of these plugins in my rental units . I wish they came out with more scents that are clean but not floral or fruity .
 These are very difficult to find - I imagine they are being discontinued . So I wanted to stock up while I could . Material came when expected , price was competitive and I am very happy with this purchase .
 I love these mops for my hardwood floors . They do n't scratch , pick up dust like magnets , and the mop heads are machine washable and dryable . They are very easy to change and I keep a spare mop head to put on while I 'm washing the other . They last for a long time and O'Cedar has been in business for years , so they 'll be selling these refills for a long time.I also use these for walls and ceiling crown moldings .
 Love this for cleaning hard-wood floors . Stirs up much less dust than broom sweeping . Lots cheaper than mops -LRB- Swiffer -RRB- with the disposable cover that you have to replace each time.Does a great job of gathering the dust bunnies and pet hair . Works well on steps . Shake outside after each use . Our previous refill lasted more than 10 years.Keeps our floors shiny without scratching .
 Service was slower than expected , but the item is just what I was looking for . I use this item regularly and find OCedar 's to be the best .
 The size and double compartment along with the stand , make this the perfect pill storage system . If one is conscientious , it is almost impossible to make mistakes!The only suggestion for improvement would be to devise a way for containers to stay open and lay flat ... of course , I am not sure how !!! With that said , based on poor experiences with other med dispenser trays , I definitely recommend this one . Just take your time filling and stacking them back in the tray!All the best , Jay
 This is the perfect med pack for me . I love that I can divide up my doses at the beginning of the week . Then each day , I can just grab the correct pod and stick it in my purse . The plastic is a good thick quality , and is slightly see through , to all you to see if you 've missed a dose . Each pod is big enough to hold several pills . I take a big vitamin pill and several smaller pills and they fit quite nicely in each pod , even with the divider . The lids do not open seperately though . There is no chance of doses getting mixed up while the pod is closed . However , I had difficulty opening these sometimes . Once the lid is open , both am and pm doses are exposed . So be careful not to spill your pills everywhere and get them mixed up .
 The pill boxes are well designed and the only complaint is that the boxes do n't snap into the stand but just rest there in slots . Not too big of a deal but snapping into place would have been better for me . At the same time it may have been a pain if it snapped into place too securely so maybe its just me . All in all a great purchase.UPDATE 7/18/12
 I have n't posted a lot of reviews on Amazon , but I thought this product deserved one . Since I was about 20 , I 've taken a multivitamin in addition to some prescribed medications , but it was always cumbersome and such a pain to carry them around during the day in bulky , awkward pill cases . A couple months ago , a doctor prescribed me some very large pills , and a single pill would n't even fit in my previous pill case . As a result , I searched around on here for a cheap but useful solution and found this product , the Apex Pocket Med Pack , to be the best -- and I have not been proven wrong.The packs are large and deep enough to fit all of my pills -LRB- even the big ones -RRB- , with a divider for morning and afternoon . And it 's still thin and slender enough to toss in a backpack or bag , or even a front pants pocket , without anyone being able to tell.It 's a fantastic product . Probably the only thing that could be improved in the future is to perhaps make the bottom of the individual cases heavier so they do n't tilt when you are loading them , but I really have n't had any problems with that . If you need a daily pill case that 's easy to use and will fit almost any size of pills , this is the product for you .
 This product works as intended . Note , that although there is an AM and a PM side for each day , when you open the lid they both open -LRB- i.e. , there is only one lid for both the AM and PM sides -RRB- . So technically they are n't really that separate . Otherwise , it is great .
 Love this concept and the ability to take 2 or 3 days worth of pills on a trip , without taking a large , week-long carrier . Work well and easy to clean .
 These are great little portable pill packs . They hold a good amount of pills and are very convenient and well designed .
 I 've had many pill boxes over the years and this is by far , the BEST ... easy to use and handy . I love that I can put it in my purse . Bought one for a friend who liked mine so much . She has often thanked me .
 The colors are pretty , the size is small enough for your purse/pocket and large enough for all your daily vitamins !
 This is a wonderful pill keeper for anyone with arthritis - it is very easy to open . I 'd definitely recommend it to anyone in the market for a pill box .
 Great product and great price . It is very functional and big enough to hold lots of pills or vitamins . Thanks !
 I love that individual cases for each day are removable so that you can throw just one day 's worth of pills in your purse if you 're going to be out all day . You do n't have to take the entire week 's worth along . The cases are a little bigger than I imagined but still plenty small to keep in a purse or pocket . There 's probably room for 6-8 pills in each of the AM/PM slots .
 I Like it ... Definitely allows me to keep track of my meds intake . But it would have been better if the am/pm slots had separate openings . Besides that , its a cool product . .
 I use these for travel and find them very helpful because they are clearly marked with the day of the week , are easy to open and close . They do n't `` lock '' but if you travel with them in a small cosmetic case , I did n't seem to have a problem with them opening up at the wrong time . Actually bought a second set I liked them so much .
 1 . Separates your AM pills from your PM pills2 . Each day has its own compartment , so you can take just 3 little packs if you 're going on a short trip .3 . Each day is labeled clearly.Highly recommended !
 These cases are great . I fill them once a week for pills that I take two times during the day . They are easily opened with a twist . There is no problem with them lying flat . When you open them you bent the hinge all the way as far as it will go without forcing it . The case will then lie open flat . When pouring out one compartment I just hold my thumb over the other one .
 Better than the 7-day-in-one containers . If you are on the run , just grab the little container , throw in your pocket and take your vitamins/pills on the go or wherever .
 I like this product . I take vitamins and supplements , and this product keep me up to date on my vitamins.Its nice for anyone who take regular medication or supplements , as this box serves as a reminder to take exact doses and on exact day .
 This is a great product for busy people who want to keep track of their medications . The individual boxes are easy to open , and each day 's meds can go with you if necessary . The cheerful colors make `` the medicine go down '' that much more easily . Good value .
 I just love these . bought first set at a store I espepcially love the fact you can take just the specific days you need with you . ca n't say enough good about it .
 This is a very colorful and very handy pill box unit , with space for both AM and PM meds on a daily basis . Unlike other units which do not separate , each of the colorful daily box pods can be removed and carried individually , which is a handy feature . Nicely designed , and nicely presented .
 I like this pill holder . Can just pop that day 's pills in my purse & go . Very convenient to use & to fill with the days on each one . Would certainly recommend it to anyone .
 The product was as described . After using the pill boxes , I found them inconvenient in removing the pills . In order to remove them , it is necessary to upend the box , and that causes both dosages to come out , when I want only one . Vendor was good , but the product design was lacking .
 I have tons of vitamins to take and fits perfect . It seems small but actually is not . Perfect to see all the colors .
 I put 7 capsules on one side , and 5 or 6 on the other , and they fit great . They hold large capsules , and when the lid is closed , the center seperator wo n't let the pills get mixed up . I dropped one of the boxes on the floor , and it did n't even open . Quality product , I love the colors , and I am very glad I bought this . The organizer tray is wonderful also . I wish I would 've found this a long time ago . It 's so neat and handy , and just perfect ! Great price , too . I highly recommend it .
 I love having my medicine organized for each day . I can take the little pod with me to take meds as needed . I do wish the little pods were slightly sturdier - if you open the lid all the way while refilling them , they kind of tip backwards because there is n't enough weight to keep them stable . This issue is solved by not opening the lids entirely back - just hinge them all open a bit , refill for the week , and they should stay upright . Also great for travel !
 Works perfect for the amount of supplements I take . I can fit 4 normal size and 1 large supplement in either am/pm side of the daily pocket . Its cute enough to leave on my dresser and super easy to grab one and take to work with you . Product is tough enough to just throw around and not get damaged during travel .
 My husband uses this one and likes it . The pill pods are easy to read and easy to carry one day 's pills in your pocket . The pods are not secure in the stand - it is just a stand . If you want something for traveling , these are a little unhandy . It all depends on what you need . I think this one is the best for use at home .
 This is one brilliant and convenient product ! I used to have a horrible habit of forgetting to take my daily meds and vitamins . If I 'm running late in the mornings I just pop that day 's ` bubble ' in my purse and take them on the go . It saves so much counter space , too . I no longer have 6 or 7 different pill bottles junking up the limited counter space I have .
 I ordered this item to help keep my medicine organized , plus I like to keep it in pocket so I do n't forget and get busy during the day - so it helps to remind me . I also like that I can fill all of them up in day instead of every morning like before . The price is reasonable and well worth it . Recieved quickly . Would do business again with this company .
 Love this med system . I 've always had trouble remembering to take my meds until now . The individual boxes are made well , feel good in my hand and are easy to carry in my purse . Just fill them once a week and you 're set for the week .
 very large and accomodates lots of pills , sad , but greatly needed . love the individual mobility .
 We have used this item in the past . This was a replacement for an old one . It was as stated and was shipped on time . It is a great product .
 I needed a 7 day pill holder and I found yours while looking at another e-mail . It was perfect so I ordered it and plus I liked the price .
 After about 4 years I need to order a new set of these pill organizers - they still work but I think I 'll replace them before they fall apart . I carry one of these daily in my shirt pocket and the only problem that has arisen is that the script on the pill boxes has worn off on every one except Thursday - do n't ask me why ? When I bought my first set of these I had no idea that , for this price , they would last so long . I 'm quite please with this product .
 Product as described , had it before but wore it out , great med box.Super service from supplier , very fast and secure .
 I received exactly what I expected to receive in a timely manner with no surprises or delays . I had bought one of them a couple of years ago and could no longer find them in the stores . I was thrilled to find them online .
 GREAT PRODUCT . VERY CONVENIENT TO CARRY MEDS TO RESTAURANTS RATHER THAN THE WHOLE WEEKS WORTH OF MEDS IN ONE BOX . EASY TO OPEN . LOVE THE PRODUCT . LITTLE BIT DIFFICULT TO FILL WITH SEVERAL PILLS BECAUSE THE BOX OPENS AND BALANCES ON THE HINGE . A BIT AWKWARD FOR SOMEONE WITH ARTHRITIS BUT OTHERWISE GREAT IDEA AND PRODUCT .
 Easy to use , easy to hide - great product . Would recommend to family and friends .
 Very handy . Just insert your meds divided by AM / PM into the individual days which are color coded and you can slip one in your pocket or purse each day to keep them handy .
 I purchased this product because I am a patient who went from taking ZERO pills a day to 10 pills per day divided among AM & PM . This product is perfect . I load up my pills for the week and have a great reminder if I forgot to take my pills for either morning or night . Although the tray is slightly bulky to keep on a counter , I keep mine in my medicine cabinet and pull each day out as needed . The pods are good sized , fits my 5 pills per side very easily . I believe it could easily fit 10 pills per side depending on the size of the meds.I am very satisfied with the product . Seems like it will last a while & it 's a great value .
 It is a great way to keep pills organized . I can take the single day of the week out and put it in my purse . It stays shut too . I am able to get 6 large vitamins in there .
 Plenty of room for large vitamins or the occasional cold pill when necessary , it works great for helping me remember my vitamins . I simply get the week ready and grab the proper day in the morning and go . The only negative thing I have to say is I wish there was a separate door for AM and PM so it was easier to dump your morning and evening meds out . Other than that , glad I bought it
 I read reviews of a number of pill organizers and decided on this mainly due to individual , daily pill pods . Before purchasing , I was concerned that since AM and PM compartments do n't have individual lids , the AM and PM pills may accidentally get mixed together . So , far this has not been the case . The pills remain in their own compartment in the pod . Like others have stated , if the lid is opened too wide , the pod tips backwards , but this is remedied by leaving the lid at a 90 degree angle . I like that I can leave the day 's pill pod on the counter top , while store the rest in the cabinet . I have had no problems opening and closing the pods , but I can see how someone with arthritis may have trouble . Overall , I 'm very pleased with this product .
 These cases are so helpful for people who have to take multiple medications a day . Large containers to fit several pills in each side -LRB- am/pm -RRB- but not too big to become bulky . Easy to measure out a weeks worth of pills , and take the appropriate container and throw it in your purse so you can have your meds while on the go . Containers also snap closed securely so I am not worried about it opening up in my purse . This product would be helpful for people with sight problems as the writing is very clear , and each day of the week has a different color case . The cases are also easy to open for someone who may have arthritis .
 Just opened the package . It 's exactly what I needed . I tend to forget if I took a particular med even just after I took it cause I 'm thinking about other things . Using this product , I will know exactly whether I took my meds that day or not . And it 's an attractive product so I 'll enjoy using it.In response to what another reviewer wrote , if you lean the open sections against an edge , they lay flat so that you can fill them easily . The only drawback is that when you open the individual section both the am and pm sections are open at once.This product looks like it will work just fine when I need to take my pills along somewhere . The sections snap shut and do n't look as if they will open in my purse , -LRB- to be sure , I can always place them in a zip lock bag -RRB- and yet are easy to open so they wo n't bounce out upon opening.All in all , I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 The only thing I would change on this item would be the size . It is a bit big , but it is fairly useful . Great for anyone on the go !
 I use this to hold all my pills and supplements . Its great if I 'm on the go so I can stuff a little container in my pocket and take my supplements whenever I have the chance . Its a really smart design for someone always on the go . Also the holders are real durable , so the hinges should last you a long time .
 I have owned this Apex model organizer for a couple of years now . As you probably well know , pill organizers are something that are easily found in most drug and department stores . The problem with the organizers that we are familiar with is that they are usually the standard bar design model that are all one piece , and the 7 day compartments being cut out of the one . For most of us most of the time this is a sufficient system . The problem with this design however is that you can not pick up your daily pill allotment without the entire weeks ration coming along for the ride . And no matter how careful we are about battening down the little hatches on each , we inevitably on occasion neglect at least one days ration and they come spilling out all over the place . Nothing like starting out your morning chasing your medication all over the bathroom floor.This Apex model organizer is a premium choice among the rest of the crowd . The organizer comes with individual pods in a tray that are both labeled and color coded . So the most you can manage to spill at one time is what you are supposed to be taking , and nothing more . The pods are rounded and comfortable to hold , and are split in two pieces by a divider for morning and night time doses . And , at about 21/2 '' in diameter , they are generous enough in size to handle quite a few medications as once , both day and night . As someone that quite often was chasing his medication around the floor as noted previously , I still thoroughly enjoy picking up my daily pod and having the luxury of it being a single carry along model . Personally I would never use any other type of pill organizer after using this one for a couple of years now.In conclusion , I have never seen this style organizer in stores locally . I got mine on another online site . -LRB- And paid a little more for it there unfortunately -RRB- . So if you are one that feels its time to treat yourself to an upgrade in your pill organization system , I highly recommend this Apex model that is a true pleasure to use . The only one downside to this organizer that is worth noting is that it may be a little on the small side if you happen to take a whole bushel of pills every day . If that is the case , than may I suggest the 7 day organizer at the link provided . I have seen this other one before and each of the compartments on it are a little roomier than this model . More cumbersome and not as comfy to hold , but definitely better for larger regimens . For small to medium regimens , -LRB- a generous medium -RRB- , I highly recommend the Apex pill organizer7 Day Pill Box Organizer 2 Deep Compartments Clear Tray Made in the USA
 These are great . They come exactly as described/pictured and hold a good amount of pills . It may not fit up to 25 pills unless they 're small . I have a lot of supplements I need to take - medium sized capsules - and I still get them all in , closed securely , and without any `` spills '' in my purse . I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a convenient way to get their supplements/meds taken every day .
 The size and double compartment along with the stand , make this the perfect pill storage system . If one is conscientious , it is almost impossible to make mistakes!The only suggestion for improvement would be to devise a way for containers to stay open and lay flat ... of course , I am not sure how !!! With that said , based on poor experiences with other med dispenser trays , I definitely recommend this one . Just take your time filling and stacking them back in the tray!All the best , Jay
 How wonderful this is ! Being able to sort all of my supplements at the beginning of the week and having to carry only one small , individual case is so convenient and has kept me from skipping doses . Unlike other weekly pill sorters that tend to be large , the small size of the individual daily cases allows it to fit anywhere , including a pants pocket , and makes it easy to grab when I 'm on the go ! Another great feature for me is the AM/PM designations because I do n't have to try to remember which pills I have taken and when . If you want to simplify and ensure your dosing schedule , do not pass on this item !
 I ca n't live without these little pill organizers ! They are the perfect size for sticking in your pocket for the day . I am 65 and take about 19 pills a day and these containers help me remember to take them . I had to buy four sets so that I could prepare my whole month 's supply of medications . I will say that I do n't use the little trays they come in -- waste of plastic , but some people would . I just throw mine in a plastic zipper bag which fits in my drawer . One for filled containers and one for the empties .
 My friend had looked everywhere for this specific type of pill box , to replace the ones her parents had . Of course , I found them on Amazon , where I always find just what I 'm looking for . I do n't waste time with other shopping sites anymore , if you ca n't find it on Amazon , it does n't exist !
 If you take a lot of vitamins , this case works great ! I do not use the separate parts inside but rather put a lot of vitamins inside for one large dose . Stays closed and easily fits in a pants pocket . The days of the week and different colors are cute , if you take different vitamins on different days . It comes with a countertop holder that is good , if you want to store the week 's vitamins in a neat way . Otherwise , save counter space and toss the week 's cases into a plastic cup in a cabinet . A good deal for vitamin gurus .
 WHAT I LOVE
 If you need to split meds between am and pm , this is the perfect organizer . There is plenty of room , even for larger pills , great for travel and they are very durable .
 I got these pill containers as a present . I need them to take with me while on vacations Now I use the pill containers for my regular weekly pill intake . They save time espically when taking 6 + pills twice a day . I like them so much I will recommend as a gift to others who need a good quality pill box . Easy to open and easy to read the days of the week .
 My elderly father likes to carry his daily meds around in a little case -LRB- taken from the day-of-the-week case I fill up on weekends -RRB- , but now that he has am and pm pills to take , I needed a new system since he easily gets confused . These little cases , an individual one for each day of the week , really help . I fill them up on weekends , and put a little label with the numerical date on each one too , so he knows , for instance , it is Sunday , May 31 , and he plucks that container off the rack and puts it in his pocket . Not perfect , but an improvement .
 They will hold a lot of pills even though they look small . Easy to open and close . I have osteoarthritis in my hands and I have no problem opening them . I think they would hold at least 10 pills on each side . Good product .
 I 've tried several pill organizers which are nice but do n't hold everything I take daily . I do n't personally take a LOT of medications , but I do take several supplements/vitamins daily . All those capsules wo n't fit into a regular little pill organizer.These are nicely colored and nest well into the tray . They do n't &#34; lock &#34; into place , so if the tray gets knocked over , the individual days will definitely fall out . However , because they do n't lock in , they 're very easy to pick up for the day . The inside cases are separated into two trays . This can be used for AM/PM medications or like me - to separate my supplements from my prescriptions.Overall I 'm very pleased with this set . They hold more than I expected , are easy to open/close & travel well . A couple days I have just grabbed the day case and tossed into my purse to take my meds when I had a moment or a meal if I 've been too busy in the morning . The snaps are secure and have n't opened in my purse which gets some pretty aggressive tossing/toting around . : -RRB- Would definitely recommend !
 I really enjoy using this product every day ! It is very convenient for traveling and carrying around . It is very easy to fill and take pills out . I highly recommend this to anyone !
 Hi all . In the morning I take a number of supplements , and for months I had been fumbling with my hands attempting to open pill bottles . This was a frustrating and time consuming start to the day.Then I purchased the `` Apex Pocket med Pack '' which has made my mornings much more pleasant . Every weekend I prepare an entire weeks worth of supplements . In the morning I wake up , take the pills in the `` morning '' side - then I take one container on the road with me for any afternoon supplements . This also takes away the need to carry around bottles of pills during the day.Great product ! Would definitely purchase again .
 I take workout supplements -LRB- in pill form -RRB- that are supposed to be consumed immediately before and after workouts . With this , I can fit three pills in the AM section and three in the PM section . The plastic is sturdy and the lid does not come open , so I can carry them in my pocket at the gym .
 I eat breakfast at work and was looking for a way to take my morning meds & vitamins to work -LRB- about 5 pills -RRB- . At first I thought I would be stuck with one of those large 7 day pill caddys , but then I saw this little gem . Being able to take only the pills I need for that day is so convenient and it 's shape is great for slipping into a pocket or a bag without being bulky or uncomfortable .
 I purchased this because I have lots of medicine to take every day . This is great . I set this up once a week and my pills are ready . It 's very roomy for even the big pills . When I go out of town , I just grab the days I need and not a whole week 's worth of meds . It 's great . My only problem was when it arrived , one tip of one container was broken -LRB- I guess during shipping -RRB- , which makes me have to open it with my fingernails , but I love it so much , I could n't send it back even for replacement . I 'm not traveling with my container of meds any longer !
 I love this ! Been using it for only 3 days and I love that I dont have to put my pills in a napkin and pull it out for breakfast . I recommend this for anyone especially for people on the go
 These things are very convientent . I am constantly forgeting to take my vitamins and these are great becuase they fit in my purse , do n't accidentally open , and are a constant reminder to take my vitamins . The only downside is they tend to tip over when I 'm filling them , so I have to prop teh lid open with something , but it 's not a big deal . Very secure and I love that they are colorful and do n't make me feel self-concious about the amount of vitamins and pills I have to take .
 I distribute my meds/supplements in the containers each weekend , and then I can carry my meds/supplements in the small , flat , individually labeled container for that day . Fits easily in my pockets . Not a lot of bells and whistles , it just works .
 I have a small wooden box I put this in . I fill up the individual boxes once a week . It is nice to only have to carry one day 's worth at a time . These little pill boxes hold a lot of pills , yet , it 's still small enough to not take up a lot of room in my purse . Yes , I 've dropped them too and they do n't burst open and spill my pills . I really like this product and the price is right too .
 easy and convenient with no getting mixed up with AM and PM meds . this is the second one I have ordered , one for me and one for my neighbor .
 This is awesome ! Our family of five takes a handful of vitamins every day and we needed a good system to keep track of them all . I bought five of these , wrote our names in Sharpie on the front and each Sunday I dole out the week 's supply of vitamins . It 's cute and functional ! What could be better ?
 I spent WEEKS looking for an AM/PM pill organizer that would fit all of my vitamins and whatnot without squishing them together like I have been , and having to use something to pry them out . I finally decided on this one after reading reviews and looking at customer pictures . This organizer is awesome ! I love the freedom to take a pod with me and since I travel 2 hours away on weekends , this is PERFECT ! Not only that , but there is enough room for ALL of my pills to fit . I will be attaching pictures to show what supplements I use and list them . I am also uploading a picture of a normal sized pill keeper compared to this , since this is larger than most pill organizers . I 'm glad I went with this product .
 I bought this for my daughter and we find it pretty handy . Not only does it hold the pills for the week but you can take the day you need with you instead of taking the whole thing . I think it 's a very good product - especially for someone on the go a lot and does n't want to drag a large pill case with them . The only issue is maybe losing one of them if you 're not careful .
 Hi we use these and love it fits easy in most pockets , opens ok -LRB- maybe tabs could be a little bigger or something as I have just a little trouble some times openning due to my Body -RRB- It can really hold a lot of pills mine holds 14 reg size pills -LRB- wish I did not have to use any -RRB- but take meds about 4 times a day.When I fill them I use 2 small towels rolled up to keep them upright while open , and when we leave the house they go with us & I can tell what day of the week it is -LRB- or should be -RRB- there are 6 colors monday & sat . are both blue , If the Makers of these great pill boxes think about it and use some of old people More older people with troubles could use these even better , or have a set for older people.ALSO I use food coloring pens to Mark/color some of my pill that kind of look the same or easy to spot like red is heart med/blue water pill , but i looked alot at pill boxes and these seemed the best for us and even got 2 extra sets 1 for a gift that keeps on giving.try them I think you might really like them.chrissy M
 I purchased these when I began taking care of my elderly in-laws and find it very convenient to get thier pills ready and sit out a '' day '' on the counter each morning for them ! I have read that the pill cases are slippery , but I didnt see a problem with that . I also read on the reviews that the items lid is heavier than the base and its hard to fill ... maybe its cause I 'm a nurse and give pills for a living , lol ... but I found it not a problem to fill . I also read people saying that it was hard to give pills in the am if there were pills for pm due to no lid on each side ... I hold one finger over the pills in the pm and turn the item over and never have once lost one in the shuffle ... SO ... I bought enough for two weeks worth of pills and am ordering more tonight so I can have a month ready at one time ! Tried many other types of packaging and decided to go with these and toss the rest in the garbage !
 Amazing . Bought it for my father and he loves it . We had originally bought this on clearance at a local store , but it had been a couple years ago and my dad lost one of the days . He uses it every day . He likes taking the days with him without having to carry the whole thing .
 My wife purchased this product from a catalog years ago . We love this product so much that when the old ones finally `` had it '' , I searched the web for weeks . We could have purchased similar products , but we love this product so much that I continued my search until I finally found it on Amazon.com . I highly recommend this style pill sorter to anyone who takes pills twice per day .
 I purchased this med pack for both my wife and I and we both love them . Since I take meds twice a day , I wanted something that I could place in my pocket if I were going to be away from home when it was time to take the meds . Since each day is in its own container , you get maximum flexibility .
 A decent item for a decent price . Each ` day ' has 2 chambers , 1 for day and 1 for night . This comes in handy as I have to take meds then . They 're easy to put in your pocket if you travel too .
 This is just what I needed , the individual containers fit in my pocket and reminds me to take my pills during the day .
 The Apex Pocket Med Pack with 7 Day Tray solved the dilemma I was facing regarding my wonderful mother pill taking regime . Mama is complicated in just about anything she does and had accumulated many different pill dispensers , but for some reason or the other she would still carry one or two loose pills to her room for later consumption . The dispensers she had where okey , in principle , but the Apex solved the dilemma of her having to transport pills here and there around the house . Now she takes the corresponding day container and makes sure AM are finished by 1 PM and PM before night-night . Plus the added convenience to be able to take them as needed to restaurants , theaters , etc and even to week long stays at Hotels -LRB- Mama is a Big Hotel goer , Big Buffet eater and Chocolate Guzzler , but that I am sure is another story and not up for further review -RRB- so now she can easily keep up with her well established regime , wether stationary or on the road , with the help of the Apex Pocket Med Pack with 7 Day Tray . My only complaint and minor at that , is that the actual tray is very flimsy and does not really secure the containers all that well , but since she is not planning on using it like Maracas I guess they will have to do . 4 Stars and May 2008 bring all the Happiness that the People of this Great Country Surely Deserve !
 Agree with everyone else however what I benefit the most is that you can just grab a pack and start with ur day as some vitamin I take o w meal . Ver creative
 Very nice product . Has the advantage of being able to grab the correct day put it in your pocket and go . It is well made . The seller wasd prompt and had good communications as to shippinr .
 This is a great pill dispenser . I use mine to travel with and would recommend it to my friends . It 's bigger then I thought but good just the same . Since I take medications A.M. and P.M. only this is perfect for me , if there are Noon pills to take I would suggest a different type of case .
 This product has helped with my marriage ! I can fix my husband 's meds for the week and he simply pulls out one packet a day . I can tell when he has missed medicines . I love the color coding and how easy the individual day packets are to remove - just pick one up . -LRB- similar products have to be snapped apart -RRB- . I am glad I found this product . Especially glad to find it on Amazon where the purchase was easy .
 The pill containers are perfect for my needs , the colors are cute . The stand squeaks when pulled across a smooth surface , so I added two pieces of masking tape on each end , that got rid of the issue . I enjoy filling the containers ! I am able easily to dump out the pills for one section by placing part of my hand over the other section . Each section is big enough for 3 medium , 1 large , and 1 small pill . Would n't work if you take a whole lot of vitamin/supplement size pills !
 I appreciate the size of each container . Each side is able to hold 2 large calcium supplement tablets along with other tablets . The overall small size of the container makes it very portable . I just throw a `` day of the week '' in my brief case and take off in the morning . It if is a weekend day , then I will just slip the `` Saturday '' or `` Sunday '' case into my pocket , and take off for the day . The only criticism I have is one voiced by others -- the individual cases do n't lie flat when I am filling them . It is n't much of a hassle , but the design seems like it is n't yet perfected . The cost is right , and the value for the price is great . I have recommended this product to friends who take large sized supplement tablets .
 I bought two sets of these and circled the `` AM '' or `` PM '' with permanent marker bc all of my vitamins do n't fit . It 's a lot easier to carry around one or two of these than a big long 7-day box . I keep them in a pretty bowl in my kitchen .
 I 've had to take meds on a regular basis for 16 years and so far , this organizer is pretty good . Off the top , unless your meds are fairly small , I doubt these compartments will hold 25 pills , still shut , and not spill everywhere . The individual packs themselves will yes ... two days worth of pills for me is 20 pills . I split mine up into days , so eventhough each pack says AM/PM , I do it as days . I got 2 weeks worth of meds in it . I gave this product 4 stars because it needs a stronger latch for the packs and the ability to lock into the base . As much as I like the product , I know it is a matter of time before one of the `` days '' gets lost under the bed!Update
 This item came exactly as shown and has been very useful . It is a little bigger than I imagined , but it holds a lot of pills ! I keep my medications and all my vitamins in it -LRB- up to 6 different pills per side-big ones like Omega-3 pills -RRB- . It helps me make sure I take my vitamins every day : -RRB-
 I love that these are daily portables . I take some vitamins at work with my lunch and these are great because I do n't have to bring whole the container with me like my other pill cases . They also hold a lot of vitamins .
 I take meds twice a day and this product is quite handy . I no longer forget what meds I 've taken on a given day . I simply load up a week 's worth in the multiple containers . This product would not be useful in my opinion if you need to take meds more than twice a day or if you take a significant number of meds and/or the tablet sizes are very large - if this is the case for you , you will have a challenge.Each container has a partition dividing it into two parts and each part is not particularly large . One solution might be to just get two sets of containers as this product is not all that expensive . Also , the containers are easy to open upside down and then all the meds get mixed together .
 When I opened up the package , I was a little surprised because each pill box was much bigger than I had expected . But it has worked out well since my doctor is still adjusting my dosages and sometimes I 'm taking 3 pills of the same thing . It 's also very nice to just be able to pick up the one box for a particular day and throw it in my purse . I 've never had any issue with the AM pills getting mixed up with PM pills while the pill box is jumbling around during the day or in luggage if we 're out of town for a few days.One negative
 After looking at the multiple options on Amazon , I am happy that I settled with this . I would have liked something smaller and interlocking but this price was right . I think I will come right back to this item if I 'm looking to purchase again .
 I love this organizer . The colors are bright . Each day is broken into 2 parts and it 's great for a vacation , because you can only take the days you need and slip a day at a time in your purse .
 I have 2 sets of these for not just storing vitamins , etc. . They 're great for separating sequins by color for projects like Christmas stockings , and for holding beads and findings for working on jewelry .
 Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic Nice use of plastic ever to be found .
 I have several of these myself but these I got for my Mother so she can take them with her where ever she goes thanks so much
 The delivered product looks just like the picutres on Amazon . Each half holds at least 4-5 large pills . Great for people looking to carry workout supplements .
 I found this product very convenient as I take quite a few vitamins and medications . It has a divider between the AM and PM sections . The only downside to the product is that it can be tough sometimes to open at first as there is not a point of leverage to grab on to . This might be tough for those with bad arthritis . -LRB- I 'm only 26 so it does n't bother me much . -RRB-
 Got this for my mother so that she can be more diligent in taking her pills . The compartments are big enough to fit all of her pills for the day . It is also easy for her to open unlike some other pill cases . The color coordination is nice also . And she likes the convenience of just taking one case with her in her purse for the day .
 This is a great product . I gave it to my dad for the holidays because it is portable and has a spot for AM and PM . He would put his vitamins in a tissue and half the time they would fall on the floor . I use it as well and it keeps me organized and I love the option of putting each day 's compartment in my pocket , so I can take my vitamins at lunch !
 I was looking for a pill box that would be cute enough to carry , and able to carry at least four pills twice a day . This one is easy to fill and not too big and bulky . The only thing I have to remember is to take them out of my purse and fill them back up .
 holds all my vitamins and the snap stays shut ... . which is a big PLUS for me since i throw the case in my handbag daily
 I like these little pocket sized pill holders . But , there always is a but somewhere I guess , they are dicey to keep in their trays when you move them and filling them is a pain . Also , If you take a lot of meds the holders may be too small . I just about fill them up with 3 calcium and one chewable Centrum multi vite plus my 4 little medications . Almost is the key here . I could put more in if the more were small . But it would push the limits to say double my calcium.But at long last I have a ready container I can pop in my pocket as I head out the door and know the pills will stay in their holder . Very handy ! I would recommend them and did so to my wife who likes hers .
 This size is great , I love the split compartment and the fact that I can throw one day in my purse and take it with me . These are made to be sturdy and wo n't pop open unexpectedly . The design is brilliant !
 I was in a desparate search for the perfect pill tray for both my son and me who take pills in the AM and PM . A pill tray is helpful to me because I am dreadfully forgetful as to whether or not I have taken my pills or not and is helpful for my son so that his doses are pre-dosed for him for easy taking -LRB- and we know if he 's taken his dose or not -RRB- . The individual pods are a fabulous feature because if we 're running out to dinner , we just pop the pill pod into a purse or pocket and know that the pills will be with us and never miss a dose ! I brought it on vacation with me as well and each day would just grab my pod for the day and off I 'd go ! We could n't have found a better pill tray !
 I initially bought 2 of these-one for my daughter and one for me . It 's perfect to send a couple of days worth of pills off with my daughter when she visits grandma for the weekend as 2 different pills are the same shape and color and they need to be taken twice a day -LRB- really easy to confuse them -RRB- . Then grandma saw it and commented that it was perfect for her larger pills she takes twice daily so I bought one for her . Now her friends are all over it and wanting one !
 I recently started having to take 10 pills a day , split between AM and PM ... and I tried numerous other options to keeping things organized . This is absolutely the BEST pill organizer that I 've found . It allows me to get everything organized on Sundays for the entire week , and each morning I just pop one in my purse and go . My pills are of varying size , but I do have 4 larger ones , and there 's plenty of room for more even ! Plus , they always stay closed in my purse . I am so glad I found this !!
 This little set is easy to fill . Each day 's pillbox has a.m. and p.m slots , and each holds 10 various sizes of pills . Very convenient . Very inexpensive .
 This is a wonderful alternative to lugging around all the pills I take . Recently , I have been forgetting weather or not I took my morning meds , leading me to double-dose sometimes which - needless to say - was bad . I wanted an alternative to the large box I carry with me everywhere I go , but less clunky then a pill organizer . This was absolutely perfect.The plastic of the pill boxes is quite sturdy but - as I realize it is just * plastic * - I make sure not to put the pods into a situation where they may be crushed easily -LRB- like a large purse alongside heavy objects -RRB- . I have read reviews about the pods breaking , which makes me wonder if those who received the fragile pods had either heat damaged or poorly-molded pods . These seem quite sturdy . The only thing that worries me a little is the plastic tab that holds the lids on each container . Each compartment -LRB- separated by a plastic divider -RRB- is about 11/4 '' wide by 11/2 '' long by 1/2 '' deep.The only thing keeping this product from getting five stars is the fact that the AM/PM slots lack independent lids . This can be a problem if handling the pods either half asleep or in a vehicle.I would not recommend this for the elderly . Whereas these work for me fine -LRB- I 'm in my 20s -RRB- , I can see why the pods/boxes would be difficult for someone with an uneasy grasp and poor eyesight . Though if you buy this set and find it unsuitable for Grandma , these make fantastic back-up boxes for those who suffer from headaches , indigestion , or remembering to take your meds during allergy season or bouts of the flu .
 I found this pill organizer though a search on Amazon , put it on my wishlist and received it as a gift this Christmas . I have to say , hands-down , that this is the best pill organizer I have ever owned . It can be dropped and does not break open , and does not open up in my purse . It 's well shaped and can even hold a calcium chew in addition to the pills . For those looking for a 3 times day holder , here 's what I do - I put ONLY my morning meds in the AM spot , all other medication goes in PM , then when I take my morning meds , I move over any lunchtime meds and it works perfectly .
 I love these pill packs for each day of the week labeled am and pm . I can put one pack in my purse for the day and it stays securely closed none of the pills fall out . It comes with a thick plastic tray so you can put all the pill cases in it . Each case can hold about twelve large vitamins and fifty small pills . The cases are made of hard sturdy plastic and they are easy to clean . They are labeled Monday-Friday for a weeks worth of pills or whatever you want to use them for .
 When DH began having to take a number of meds in the evening it got confusing . He has a large pill dispenser that works very well for his morning meds but he could no longer keep up with the evening meds and was afraid he would make a mistake . He needed something that would n't take up much space but that had at least two compartments for each evening and would need to accommodate larger pills . This product seemed ideal and a bargain at 6 bucks.But with his arthritic hands he had difficulty handling the little pocket pods . The pod dimensions are about 2-1/2 `` L x 2 `` W x 3/4 `` D and surprisingly stable within the tray . The corners are rounded -- perfect for carrying -- but they are not easy for stiff fingers to grip , to open , or to hold steady while filling or dispensing . His initial remark was that it would be better if they were square . While he must exercise great care in filling and opening the pods , he is using this little dispenser quite successfully . In hindsight even though it costs more than twice as much I probably should have bought7 Day 4 Compartment Pill Organizer DEEP One Inch . It 's likely I did n't see it because it was not prime eligible.This dispenser really is a good idea ! Load the little boxes and put them in your purse or pocket and you 're off ! But for someone who has difficulty using their hands , this is not recommended .
 I have been using this product for about a month now , and I am very satisfied . I had spent a lot of time looking for the right medication organizer , and this one had all the features I was looking for . Sturdy plastic tray holds 7 individual plastic `` packs '' . Each pack is a different color and is separated into AM and PM . Each division is large enough to hold anything you could possibly be taking . I am able to fit all of my medications and supplements with so much room to spare . Most of the pills/capsules I take are giant `` horse pills '' so a large tray was a must . The packs also say closed so no pills are being spilled in my bag ! I love being able to take a single day 's worth of medication with me instead of carrying around a full 7 day tray . The colorful design is a plus ! Great product .
 I love this product . My `` horse pills '' fit easily in the packs . It is so nice to just pick up the day and only have a little pack to carry . The tray keeps it organized . I do n't think I 'd be able to keep up with my vitamins/supplements with out this . And the price is perfect .
 If you take a large amount of vitamins/meds or take large pills I would n't recommend this . I can hold maybe a few fish oil pills an then a med or two . I give it to my fiance who takes much less then I do . He loves it ! These packs are the only way I can get him to take his vitamins.I fill them up , he takes that days pills with him to work and grabs the next pack the next morning . Works great.The packets lock nice . You do n't have to worry about them coming open as they lock well . The whole unit is small enough to leave sitting out with out taking up too much space . It 's not bad looking either . The colors chosen are nice.So again if you take a lot of stuff or have big pills I would n't buy it . If you just have a few things to take and would like the convenience of grabbing one days pills I highly recommend this .
 This product is great . It stores my AM and PM meds which helps me remember to take them.Also if I 'm away from home in the evening I just take the case with me.It stays closed for security and is small enough to fit in my shirt pocket .
 With all my presciptions & vitamins , all other pillbox organizers that I have found were simply too small . By buying 2 of these , 1 for AM and 1 for PM , I finally have what I 've been looking for . It 's comfortable in my pocket , yet big enough for my needs .
 I use a large 7-compartment pill holder when I 'm at home , and were I going to go someplace for a week , then I 'd just take that with me . But if I 'm going someplace for 2 or 3 days , I really like these because they 're easy to pack and easy to know which is which since the day of the week is printed on each.Each holder is divided in half , and while they 're big enough for most people , if you take a lot of pill supplements , then they might not be . I do n't bother to separate things into what I take in the morning and what at night , I just put everything in and fish things out . -LRB- I take most things at night and would n't be able to pack all of the night stuff in half of it . -RRB-
 This item arrived as described , and is made of durable plastic with clear labels for each day . The removable individual cases are very handy and close securely so I can put it in my purse or suitcase . I like how the cases can be propped up on the stand , which makes it easy to immediately select which one I want .
 Very Nice Pill Packs . Great for on the go . No more lost pills in pockets to worry about my daughter getting her hands on accidentally . Easy to fill . Very happy with these .
 Each of the 7 portable plastic containers is labeled with a day of the week and divided into two compartments , AM and PM . I find them to be easy to open , though some will have difficulty , and they 've never opened accidentally . You can keep them in the tray , or throw them in a bag or even a pocket whenever you need to . There 's easily enough room for , say , 5 large pills twice a day . Overall , I 'd say that this is a good deal for anyone who needs to keep track of more than two pills at a time , or who is taking a medicine that requires a complicated schedule .
 I take a lot of vitamin pills and this organizes them very well . I particulary like the two compartments , one for AM and the other for PM , as often I do n't want to take all the pills at once . Another feature I love is the rounded shape of the capsules - very convienient to plug into your pocket and take it to work etc. . In fact , I have onein my pocket now and must take my pills : -RRB- Only downside is that they can be misplaced easier but with a little viligance these will last
 This pill container is the only one we found large enough to hold all Grandma 's pills . It has divided compartments for A.M. and P.M. and a separate compartment for each day of the week which sit neatly and conveniently on a tray . If we go out on a Monday , for example , she simply puts Monday 's container in her purse so she has all the pills she needs for that day with her .
 the individual days are large enough to hold a fair amount of pills and are so handy ! I fill them all at the beginning of the week and then just grab and go in the mornings
 I purchased two of these to use for a complicated regiment of antibiotics for my very large dog . The container with am/pm sides allows for 12 hour pill schedules and the compartments are quite large and held all of the big chewable tablets . Since the each day is an individual container , it was easy to rearrange the two-week regimen based on the day the medication starts and then keep moving the days forward as pills are dispensed . The lids stay closed very firmly and the interior divider between am/pm keeps even the smallest pills from slipping to the wrong side . This was fantastic for my purposes and is very easy to travel with .
 The Apex Pocket Med Pack Pill Dispenser/Tray is one of the better products on the market . Overall , I give it five stars . However , there are some positive and negative features to point out.Positives : - Excellent organization that allows for removal of days dispensed - `` Standing '' tray has a somewhat space-saving design -LRB- see negatives as well -RRB- - Individual , removable day trays allow for an easy way to take on trips . Just take the days you need -LRB- a weekend , for instance -RRB- instead of everything.-Secure AM/PM compartment . No way pills will move from the AM/PM slots.-Secure latch ... even if the trays are dropped , the pills stay putNegatives : - While the ability to remove a day tray for travel or organization is a great feature , it also makes for a negative . The trays can be easily knocked over if sitting on a table or vanity.-Size
 I had been looking for a pill case like this for a long time and finally found one that I was happy with ! delivery and order were a breeze . thanks .
 The containers close securely and the color coding is a nice touch . The little rack makes it easy to line a week up on the dresser -- toss in your purse and your vitamins are good to go .
 Well just to keep the story short I used to lack the discipline to take pills , with this I have my pills everyday in my jeans so when I go to eat and going to pay I found the med pack first and take them . Great product thanks .
 I bought two of these daily pill trays , one for my aging father and one for me . I like the fact that the full name of the day is on each container to help my Dad reinforce what day of the week it is and the different colors help too . There is also a wall between AM and PM sides to keep the pills separate . Each container is 23/4 `` L x 13/4 `` W x 3/4 `` D and has a small 3/4 '' hing point at the back -LRB- time will tell how long this hing will last -RRB- . The containers just sit into a slot in the tray ready for daily use . It 's a lot nicer to have just this pill tray sitting on my counter than a bunch of vitamin and Rx bottles . Good value for the price .
 I bought this pill box about 8 months ago . Previous to this pill box , I had an elongated weekly pill box . The problem with the large weekly pill boxes is that they are too large to easily carry and often have small compartments that do n't hold all of your pills . I decided to buy this pill box based on all of the rave reviews . I can honestly say that you will not be disappointed , especially if you are required to take medication twice a day . I am extremely forgetful regarding medication . The transparent daily pill boxes allow me easily have a visible indication of whether or not my medication was taken without having to open it . The daily pill box is rather large and can easily hold several of your larger pills . I liked this design because I can grab the day 's medication right before I head out to the office .
 Loved the cases !! I 've had them for 6 months and have traveled with them ... they are still in great shape . They have never opened up when traveling so my pills have always stayed nicely in their compartments !! great buy !!
 I ordered 4 of these to cover the 4 times per day that I need medication . They work great , close tightly , and are very flexible .
 I purchased this for myself since I am now taking supplements and I found myself forgetting to take them . This tray is an excellent way to remind me to take them and it makes it fun to take my supplements ! It 's also a big plus that the pods are portable to take with me on the road ! And the pods are bright and colorful ! Great product , quality and idea ! 5 STARS !!
 This product turned out better than I expected . It is very convenient to use , very portable and organized . It keeps all my medications at my fingertips and in the proper quantities . I really like it .
 I do n't have anything bad to say about this item at all . They work well and can hold a fair amount of pills . They are split down the middle and labeled AM/PM . They help me to remember for sure . They are kind of large but nothing to big to put in your pocket or purse .
 I am a Sales Distributor who sells products from a catalogue . One ofmy customers ordered the Medication Pack from the catalogue , but theproduct sold out . I could only find it on amazon.com , so I was verypleased to get it and then sell it to my customer , who really wan-ted it .
 these boxes are easy to fill as you can lay them all out for 2 or 3 weekseasy to carry and well made . I have had some of these for three years and they are still going strong . took a while to find these boxes but amazon came thru .
 I am horrible when it comes to remembering to take pills . I got an IUD a while ago because I could NEVER remember to take my pill . This has been a life saver - expecially since I now have to take an antihistamine every morning and a multi-vitamin . It is convenient to bring along on out of town trips and the containers are easy to open - great buy for the money .
 Easy to open / close , generous-sized daily containers , and super convenient having the option of taking single days with you ...
 I like this product a lot . I use it for my supplements although there are so many that they do not fit all in the AM/PM . It 's a great concept to be able to pack up a week 's work of meds/suppls and toss in a purse or bag . Product is exactly as described and it is easy to open/close and MADE in the USA ! Highly recommend it ! : -RRB-
 My husband and I loved this one . We are organized now with our medicine . And is easy to take with if we go to some place else .
 Love the portability and big lettering . Only downside is that the cases are a bit large , so unless you 're putting these in your purse or breifcase , they can be a little cumbersome .
 Well , they work if you remember to fill them and then put them in your pocket . And of course , if you can do that , you probably only need one container to refill every day , not seven marked with the day of the week , unless you have different pills every day of the week and get off on filling them all at once in advance like my hypochondriac father . I just wanted to remember to take my supps three times a day and now only use one of the containers .
 Very happy . Item was as expected . No problems with this item and have used it daily for my child since I got it . Makes keeping track a whole lot easier
 Great product , no complaints !!! I ordered this battery as a replacement for my watch battery , and it was easy to put in , and worked perfectly .
 Price wise it is excellent , arrived on time . It is cheaper than buying at Walmart . Ideal fit . it worked as expected .
 Afrer inserting the battery , the watch started working . Now after a long storage I have a very expensive watch to use again .
 I am very happy with my purchase . It works great ! I feel I got a good product for a great price .
 I totally reccommend this product and more importantly this comapny . I had an issue with an item , so I emailed them and within two hours , I got an email back stating that they will take care of my issue . Sure enough they came through and took care of the problem . I give this company and customer service 5 stars !!! I will continue to buy from this company . I want to thank you for making me a happy customer.Thanks .
 Did good , got the aluminum tubed with small screw on cap . Fresh stock from the new manufacturer so looks like they are going to continue making the old style tube and cap . FYI guy 's , dont ever send anyone those plastic tubes with flip top caps , they are worthless as they leak , ooze and backwash air into the tube thus contaminating the contents . Bad idea all around . P. B. is right on that one . My order was good product , as described , shipped fast and cheap -LRB- free -RRB- . Ordering again today , keepin my fingers crossed .
 When you need a sterile lube like this , it is very effective . It 's a bit greasy-like , but it really works .
 I had both my knees replaced in August and used one of these in rehab . It is so easy to use , especially if you ca n't bend down very far . I love having it and it works with all kinds of socks/booties .
 I 've been taking this multivitamin for a few years now and I love it . It 's easy on my stomach and seems to fulfill the physical needs . It 's a bit pricey but of very high quality , and buying on Amazon is MUCH easier than buying direct from Usana .
 I have been using this honey for about 8 months now . It does give me more energy and boosts my immune system . I have 9 grandchildren and they always have some-kind of illness going on . School age children catch everything . It has helped me fight many of the colds etc. I love the Vitamin Shop , my order always gets to me withing 2 days and that also keeps me coming back .
 I think this is the best brand of royal jelly around . With the added ingredients , Ginseng , Bee Pollen , Propolis and Eluethero , bee vomit never tasted so good . 5 Stars .
 This product is great ! I take it every morning before going to work , and it really helps me to affront the day . I do n't even need to drink coffee , I just need a tablespoon of royal jelly to give me all the energy that I need for the day .
 I use a tablespoon twice a day and since I 've had no more cravings for sweets . I take one in the morning and one in the afternoon when I get home from work .
 I include Royal Jelly in my morning protein shake . This supplement provides a subtle boost to my energy , alertness and general well-being . Best if used daily .
 Whenever I start sneezing and feeling stuffed up -LRB- cold symptoms -RRB- I take this product twice a day and the symptoms simply desapear.We 're using it with my grand daughters for througt infection , and it seems to be helping well.I 've just ordered more of it , and I definetely recomend this product .
 It arrived on time . great Product.I use it for cinnamon tea . I add some lemon and it is great for
 Taste like my bootyhole , but is exactly what it says it is . It is really hard to keep a bite of it down , but it is very good for you apparently .
 If you have problem skin , there is nothing you can buy that will exceed this mask . I was having my makeup done at a Chanel counter and was asked what I did to keep to keep my skin so clear . When I told her , sort of embarrassedly , that I used this mask , she smiled knowingly and said `` I tell all my clients to use it . '' This , coming from someone who works for one of the more-sophisticated skin care brands out there.You put it on , and within minutes it has literally vacuumed your pores . I do n't know what is in this stuff and frankly , I do n't care . I 'm 26 and I 'm still dealing with acne -- this is the only product that knocks out a breakout with no fuss . I 'm in med school so I have zero time to fret about the status of my skin . I slap this on , study , take a break to take it off and voila . Invisible pores , shrunken zits , the works . If I could give it 50 stars I would . And , can it get any cheaper than this for a skin care product that WORKS ? Probably not .
 I think queen helene offers a nice range of beauty products-hair , skin etc. . I have used this masque on small pimples and it dries it up well.I use several times a week for a deep facial cleansing . Will continue to purchase this product . I like this particular size .
 Great and refreshing mask . tried and true . . works consistently well . this should be a common household skin care item for men and women .
 I bought the little tube of this masque -LRB- since I was experimenting -RRB- but I wish I had bought the bigger size . It beats the heck out of any other mask I 've used . It smells great , is n't too heavy -LRB- lighter than , say , a clay mask -RRB- , washes off easily , and leaves my skin soft and clean . It also tingles in a very nice way when you first put it on . Highly recommended . When I run out , I WILL buy a bigger tube .
 I have only used this product once so far , but it feels really good when it is on . It 's like a cool and warm soothing feeling . And when you take it off , your skin is very smooth . I have acne prone and oily skin , and it did n't have a negative effect at all on my skin . My sisters skin is dry and acne prone , and she did n't have a negative effect , either .
 The mask delivered in a pretty fast speed ! Although it seems that I am allergic to the ingredient of the mask , I wrote to the Home Naturals ' customer care center regarding to this matter . They gave me the refunds right away . That is very sweet and caring about consumers . I definitely will purchase their products in the future !
 Every couch salesman says their couches are the most comfortable . Many of the shaving cream companies claim that their shaving cream is comfortable and cushy ... Truefitt & Hill has the corner on the market of comfortable shaving creams.I 've tried a lot of different brands of shaving creams , and this is by far this most comfortable that I own or have tried.Pros : - This cream lathers incredibly well and is very easy to get a really rich , creamy , and fluffy lather . The peaks on this cream are second to none . I absolutely love lathering this cream up in one of my brushes . - When shaving with this cream , I feel like my razor is a stick of butter gliding along my face . They say it on the bowl ... ultimate comfort , and that 's 100 % true . This is a VERY comfortable shaving cream . - You might pay a premium @ $ 30 for a tub of this shaving cream , but I think it 's totally worth it.-Smooth and razor burn free . I have slightly sensitive skin , and this cream all but eliminates razor burn . Really , when I use this , I do n't even worry about razor burn because of the quality of this cream . It 's amazing!Cons : - Price . $ 30 is a bit more than other companies , but it 's an investment that I am willing to make because of just how EXCELLENT this shaving cream is . If I could give six stars , I would ... Of course , your mileage may vary , but I love this shaving cream . It 's a regular in my rotation .
 I 've been shaving using the Art of Shaving products and shave cream which is good . However , this shave cream is great ! It works wonderfully and will also last me much longer thus being even cheaper in the long run . I 'm very happy with this shave cream , it is worth the money .
 This is the best brand shave cream on the market , and I like how smooth my face feels after shaving .
 Definitely lathers well . Feels great on skin . This shaving cream is unscented . That is how I wanted my cream but if you are a person who likes strong scents , this cream may not be for you . So far this is the best shaving cream I have used . I have very sensitive skin and this cream works out fine for me .
 I have very sensitive skin and have been using this cream for almost a year . Never been happier , no irritation at all after shaving , but my skin still feels dry . After shave lotion solves that problem . This is one of the best shaving creams I have used and you only need a small dab . I used to use the one by Art of shaving before this . I still use the art of shaving badger brush .
 This is my favorite shaving soap . I use a brush and I barely dab the bristles into the soap , it takes VERY LITTLE to make a good lather . You will not be wrong by choosing this one . I will purchase this product again .
 Truefitt & Hill Ultimate Comfort Shaving Cream , 6-OuncesI received an unscented Shaving Cream which I will use . However , I prefer the flavored ones we previously were able to order , Lime , Lavender , and others . Have used for more than 25 years.Roger
 I have to say that this is probably the best shaving cream that I have used . It produces a very thick and rich lather . Art of Shaving 's cream comes a second close . Jack Black 's cream was not thick enough for me . This wil be my shaving cream of choice from now on
 I purchased this on August 6 , 2010 -LRB- according to the yellow bar at the top of this page , courtesy of Amazon -RRB- and am coming back today to purchase the product again . Yes , the one tub lasted me just over a year . The high upfront price is offset by the fact that it will last you a very long time . The cream itself is great . I started DE wet shaving a year ago and tried out a few different products in different price ranges . This is easily my favorite . It lathers quickly and you get a very creamy end product with little work . You 'll want to use a shave brush/mug combination to get the best possible shave with this cream . It 's billed as `` unscented '' but there is a lavender scent that is not overpowering ; just keep in mind that this is not void of all scent . I wo n't rewrite what other reviewers have said but I plan to use this cream for another year .
 First off , the product description is a tad misleading . This product DOES have a noticeable scent of lavender oil due to it being an ingredient in the cream ; `` noticeable '' meaning the smell is apparent when opening the tub and while brushing on your skin , but not after this point . This may bother some that are sensitive to scent . Before using this product , personal taste prompted me to avoid products scented with lavender as they tended to be very , VERY strong . This is not so with this product . Rather , Truefitt & Hill Ultimate Shaving Cream walks a fine line between mysteriously relaxing , present but not oppressive , and a source of live-wire masculinity that most often miss . What is more , this is a fantastic product to shave with . Use a decent amount in your shave and this product will yield a great shave and leave your skin notoriously smooth . Case in point , this product has allowed me to shave half as much as I normally would with a disposable razor due to the close shave it facilitates . Correct shaving procedure dictates to never shave against the grain , yet it is possible to do so with this product and receive a very comfortable shave . Shaving with the grain , re-lathering , and shaving with/across the grain will yield one just as comfortable . For anyone beginning to shave with a quality cream or for a first-time safety razor user , this product is strongly recommended as a gateway to the ultimate shaving experience .
 I 'm a 28 year old Asian male who has sensitive skin . I shave every couple days with a Merkur razor and Truefitt & Hill Ultimate Comfort Shaving Cream . I 've tried many shaving creams such as Nivea , Aveeno , Gillette Gels , Polo Sport , and Neutrogena Shaving lotion and none of them have out-performed this product . I also like the fact that is unscented so it does n't clash with my aftershave , deodorant , or cologne.This particular product is more expensive than most shaving creams , but you wo n't need to use a large amount of it . It does n't irritate my skin and leaves my face smooth . I 've always had a close clean shave while using this shaving cream with a single blade safety razor .
 I have been experimenting with different shaving products for several months . I have tried about a half dozen different products from the major brands and this cream is by far the best that I have come across so far . I highly recommend it .
 I 'm still relatively new to DE wet shaving . I 've found Proraso to be an excellent shaving soap for sensitive skin at a very reasonable price . A cooling effect is quite nice and any of these top-notch soaps and creams are very competitive in price compared to the canned stuff when you calculate amount used , though American Crew and Nivea are somewhat decent among the mass market ware . But when you compare performance and price , I 'd go with the traditional top-of-the-line soaps and creams over any American mass market concoction . Truefitt & Hill Ultimate Comfort is quite comparable to Proraso Ultra Sensitive Skin in its performance outside of Proraso 's cooling effect . Proraso is far less expensive , but it does take more effort to develop a rich lather . Right now I 'm still exploring and a bit torn between the two . Honestly , I 'm leaning toward the Truefitt which lathers much more richly and immediately with less . As always , the proper preshave is as important as the lather and I 'm still in a cook-off there . Plus , the more you develop your technique , the more the product world opens up . I have much to try , like Art of Shaving and Tabak . But so far , if Truefitt and Proraso are n't the end-all , they 're a fantastic place to start . One very important note
 I purchased this shaving cream due to the comments left by others.I am comparing this to `` Art of Shaving '' Non Scented shaving cream , `` Art of Shaving '' Sandle Wood disk shaving cream.I use a shaving brush and a Merkur razor with Light Feather Blades.I was very impressed with the lather , thick and moist . In fact very little is needed for `` Method '' shaving using three applications in one morning shave.Cleans off the brush easy.Moisturizes my face all day and very comfortable.I would definitely compare this to the Art of Shaving creams , in fact I think it is a bit better .
 This shaving cream is the best I have ever used . I no longer get shaving bumps and I will be buying this product in the future . Use this product with a badger hair brush and you will never go back to the canned shaving cream .
 I 've gone through a number of different shave creams for use with my badger hair brush , and this one makes the best lather yet , without requiring a large quantity to be used each time.It seems expensive , but it actually seems to last long enough compared to the cheaper Proraso that the extra money is worth it . Plus the lather is 10x better with much less work .
 It is amazing how little of this product you need to get a rich , full lather to cover your face -LRB- multiple times -RRB- . My tub has lasted five full months of once-daily use , and I still have slightly less than half of it left . As for quality , I have never experienced as close or comfortable a shave as I have with T&H Ultimate Comfort Shaving Cream . I use a Merkur Futura DE razor for days when I have time for a full shaving experience , and a disposable two-blade for the days when I am rushed , and the results are always top-notch when I use this cream on top of a Proraso Pre-Shave Cream . Do not be put off by the price tag on this product , as it is really an investment in nearly a year worth of close , comfortable shaves .
 I 'm convinced now that Truefitt & Hill is one of the best luxury shaving creams out there . I 've tried most of the top English shaving creams and all of The Art of Shaving , but , Truefitt 's selection as a whole is a little more `` richer '' in regards to ingredients . This cream whips up very thick into a meringue like substance with a silver tip badger hair brush and some hot water . I shave after a nice hot shower . The only complaint I have is you might need to use Truefitt 's Ultimate Comfort pre-shave oil before you apply this cream as it 's not as moisturizing as their other scents -LRB- i.e. Rose , West Indian Limes , etc. -RRB- . It 's expensive shaving cream , yes - but , even if you shave daily this tub will last at least six months or longer.If you are still on the fence and ca n't decide , I strongly advise you go directly to Truefitt 's website and order a sample pack . You 'll love it !
 I used to get really bad razor burn on my neck and ingrown hairs . This product fixed 90 % of it within a week of shaving.I also love that is water based and not oil based so it also brought my acne down to zero .
 I love Truefitt & Hill shaving creams and this product is fantastic . It gives you a very smooth and comfortable shave with little to no irritation or razor burn . Plus you only need a small amount of this product for each shave , so it lasts a long time . My last one lasted over 8 months . I highly recommend this .
 Recently got this and it is as good as most of the other reviews make it sound . It gives you a very thick and lubricated shave and you hardly have to use any of the cream to get it to lather up impressively . I used to shave with a lanolin based shaving soap and I would nick myself all the time . I just attributed this to me not being careful but since I 've gotten this cream I have n't nicked myself once . Like everyone else mentioned as well , it does smell faintly of lavender so if you are expecting a completely unscented product this is not it.One thing to note is the packaging is slightly different than you see in the image here . Not that it matters to me but the packaging I got was actually just a plastic tub , not a metal top which is what the picture here looks like.I docked it a star since it 's pretty expensive .
 I 'm not using any other shaving cream than Truefitt & Hill Ultimate Comfort Shaving . It requires only a small dollop of cream , brushes on nicely , sets my beard well , and leaves a nice lubrication layer on my skin after the shave . Does n't irritate my sensitive skin and is odorless .
 This is far and away the best shaving cream that I have ever used . It lathers incredibly well and lubricates superbly . The first time you try it you will be amazed .
 The best one I 've found ever ! The only other is the shave creme from Em 's place in Lincoln city , OR . Also , her minty menthol after shave ca n't be beat in my opinion . Also I have a badger brush that I use with the trufit creme because it whipps up nicely for multiple passes for those with coarser beards . Only an almond size dollop will due for a multi-pass badger brush wet shave .
 I have used this a few times now and I am really impressed with how much and how easy it lathers up . . you really do get ALOT of lather from just a small drop of cream . I say this is my # 2 shaving cream because I also currently use the CO Bigelow / Proraso Brand shaving cream along with the Proraso pre-shave prep and that is my favorite simply because combining those two products together creates the closest shave ever and I tend to have sensitive skin and this keeps the burn at bay since it provides the cooling effect , I do not get ANY burn at all when using the Proraso . With the Truefitt Hill Ultimate Comfort cream , I still had just a little razor burn so that is why it gets bumped down to # 2 . IMO , you would be hard pressed to find a better shave cream ... I wish I would have discovered the `` old-school '' shaving -LRB- brush & old-fashioned cream -RRB- years ago , my shaves have never been better or closer . To all of you dudes out there still shaving with the aerosal foam/gel cans , take a look at the ingredients and see what they put in that junk ... no wonder it 's only $ 4-5 dollars , and it 's no wonder why that junk is horrible for your skin ... No way I will ever go back to the cans again . . Overall A + shaving cream . .
 This is a great shaving cream . It generates a nice thick slick foam . A little goes a long way .
 This is great stuff . I wish I had n't waited so long to try it . At $ 35 shipped , it 's definitely a luxury and I found it surpasses the Jack Black cream in lather feel and shaving closeness . Just get it !
 A very good shaving cream at a very high price . Would I buy it again ? Yes .
 As I have written elsewhere within this subject I have tried just about every major brand of soap , cream or stick . For me shaving is very important and I 've found most products are so rich that a very little lathers up nicely and the entire product really lasts a long time . For me the most important factors are razor glide and closeness of shave . Also important is how it leaves your skin feeling afterwards -LRB- `` baby-bottoms '' -RRB- . Scent is nice but transitory . Because the products are so rich cost is not really that significant.Now to get to Truefitt & Hill - as of now it has made it into the `` final 3 '' after I have eliminated about 12 - 15 others . The other 2 finalists are The Art Of Shaving -LRB- the most expensive -RRB- and Kiss My Face -LRB- by far the cheapest ! -RRB- Amazingly KMF is leading now in head to head competition hence the 4 stars for T&H. ; The Art of Shaving is so expensive that it might have to be eliminated even though it showed well in the few outings I indulged in it . It might be as good as the KMF . I shave each half of my face with one product then switch halves the next day . I probably have enough products to last me the rest of my life . Bottom line - this is a fine product and is better than MOST other products.UPDATE!I neglected to mention Taylor of Old Bond Street . A last minute appeal was filed and it actually went head to head with T&H ; for 4 consecutive days and I have to admit it won by not a slight margin . Accordingly T&H ; has been demoted to the 2nd rank and TOOBS has earned its way into the finals with Art of Shaving and Kiss My face . Stay tuned ...
 I have used Art of Shaving shave cream and now Truefitt and Hill and I have to say Truefitt wins the contest . Shave cream ultimately protects the face from the razor and to do that lubricity needs to be added between your face and the razor so burns and cuts are eliminated or minimized -LRB- depending on how wild you are when you shave -RRB- . Truefitt does this extremely well ! It is , price per ounce , a better buy than other competitors products and does an exceptional job . With any of the shave creams you do want to mix them in a porcelain cup prior to applying to your face . I find that Truefitt does a great job in allowing the razor to glide over my face !
 Compared the Barbasol and Gillette Edge in spray cans , and L'Occitane and Proraso in tubes this is my favorite shaving cream . Mild lavender scent in the unscented is really nice . It has a smooth consistency and a little dab lathers up so the tub will last a very long time . I like it so much I want to try the aftershave lotion too . It does n't dry out my skin like L'Occitane does
 Unbelievably rich and luxurious . Truefitt & Hill shaving creams whip up thick , creamy lather in no time flat . This is true of all their creams , but I decided to stick with this unscented one so that afterwards , I can choose an aftershave balm to suit my fancy for that day without risking a clash of fragrances . I like Proraso cream a lot , but Truefitt & Hill is in a league by itself .
 I have been wet shaving for some time now . I thought I had the best shaving soap , I was wrong . This was a bit pricey but I thought I would give it a try due to reviews on other sights . I am sold !! WOW , Best lather , and shave I have ever had . I have never used an electric razer and this is the best product I have used in 25 years of shaving ! Bite the bullet and buy some to try !
 This is a very luxuriant cream that makes for a very thick shaving foam . While the price may be off-putting for first-timers , this product is a great choice for people who hate to shave because of discomfort . I ca n't bring myself to use anything else anymore , and I find that it lasts a very long time . When the price is divided the number of uses , it is n't very expensive .
 It 's not totally scent free , but what 's there is very mild and pleasant . The feel top notch , luxurious even . This is great stuff to use for wet shaving with a brush & safety razor . Although a tad pricey a little goes a long way -- especially when using a brush to lather up .
 I bought this for my sensitive skin and it shaves very very smoothly ! It also lasted me about 6 months . Best shaving cream I have ever tried .
 Love this product and it is prescribed by Doctors . It is great for Liver support and Hepititis , I have been using it for 2 years .
 I used this for years . It was the only aspirin I have found that does n't make my stomach bleed . My local chain drug store stopped stocking it ... very strange ... it works and is coated in Maalox to protect your stomach .
 I can no longer find this in my local drug stores . It really does help me with getting the pain go away
 Best item you can take for all of its ' one of a kind benefits . No other pain reliever offers the same qualities with it that I know of . Thanks for this product , I use it quite often .
 I purchased maximum strength Ascriptin online through Amazon . Typically I might pay less than $ 10 for this product either at the store or at another online site . However I have n't been able to find this product at all so I went through Amazon . They had the product but I paid $ 40 ! Highway robbery ! Since this is the only product I can take that relieves my migraines I paid the fee but felt totally ripped off . Next time I will try another avenue .
 Ascriptin is the best aspirin I have ever used , and it was my dog 's vet that introduced me to it !! Manufacturer is backlogged currently , and product not available in stores . Do n't quite understand the pricing because it 's much , much less expensive in stores . Do n't get it . Are we buying something that 's becoming obsolete ?? OUCH !! Ascriptin Maximum Strength Pain Reliever-85 ct. .
 The machine works fine , but a lay person may have trouble poking finger and squeezing a LARGE drop of blood onto the strip to make it work . Take practice . It works similar to a glucometer used to check blood sugar for diabetes except it requires a much bigger drop of blood and the strips are much more expensive . Another caveat is it only gives you the TOTAL cholesterol level . If you have cholesterol checked at doctor 's office , you usually get total cholesterol , triglyceride , HDL , and LDL levels .
 IT TOOK A LOSS OF MONEY ON STRIPS , UNTIL I LEARNED HOW TO DO IT WITHOUT USING MORE THAN ONE AT A TIME . I LIKE THE MACHINE . I HAVE HAD GOOD LUCK WITH IT .
 The first day I used this I took two pills within 4 hours of each other , and I could really feel the blood going to my brain . It was n't the type of feeling one gets when one hangs upside down , but suffice to say I knew it worked . Now , I take three a day separated by several hours and I am more alert . There is no more fog . However , I have been taking it for only a few weeks and I do not notice an improvement in memory.I will continue buying this .
 This stuff is amazing ! I use it at random times because I do n't want to be tolerant to it and it helps enhance my mental clarity because more blood is allowed to go to the brain . More blood allows more oxygen and with more oxygen allows more oxidative phosphorylation of neurons , hence faster metabolism . With faster neuron metabolism , allows faster neurotransmission and faster transmission .
 I started taking these pills over a year ago after I saw Dr. Oz talking about what they do to your memory . It took about 2 months for them to start working . I started noticing that I was remembering things I know I would have forgotten or not remembered . The other day in the store someone said hi to me , I knew I new her it took a few minutes but then I remembered who she was and where I knew her from I even remembered her name even though when we worked in the same building 5 years earlier we never even had a conversation ... for me that was just another in a long list of confirmations of how great this product works . I recommend them to anyone who says they have a memory problem . My brother-in-law starting taking them a few months back and called me the other day to say they started working ! If forgetfulness is your problem they these and wait a couple of months .
 This thing really does a good job of getting the most out or your tube .
 My wife and I have been using these tablets reguarly for the last 2 months and wow do they make a difference . Our hair is shinier , skin is smooth and healthy , and our nails are stronger and healthier . I had bad discoloration on one of my toenails that has been there for 3 years now -LRB- do n't know what caused it but it would n't go away -RRB- and now it is nearly gone . My hair , skin , and nails have never looked or felt better ! Just remember to take 3 pills a day like the instructions say . I was only taking one a day for the first few days until I actually decided to read the instructions lol ... that 's a man for ya ;-P This means that one bottle will only last 20 days for one person so buy up !
 I 've been taking these pills for about 2 months now , for my brittle nails . I usually have little hope for vitamin supplements , but after about three weeks I noticed that my nails were much stronger . Even better , in the past week I 've really noticed a change in my face . My pores are almost completely unclogged . My skin is smooth and soft . Since I 've noticed the difference , I 've started taking the pills three times a day , instead of once . Things can only get better . I totally recommend these ! Really ! At least worth a try : -RRB-
 My mother bought me these a few year ago . I had very very thin hair and I hated it . I have been taking different brands of these vitamins for about three years . These are the ones I am taking right now . After 3 months of taking these everybody could notice how much thicker hair had gotten . My nails also never break any more . This product really works . My hair is so thick now and shiny and healthy . I can say myself now that I finally have beautiful hair . If you have the same problem as me take these . They really do work .
 This product is a nicely built product which was needed after prostate removal for cancer as needed for penile rehabilitation . Highly recommend this over the cheap gimmick ones .
 Just got it and it does what it says it will . I 'm very impressed with it .
 This is the best trimer for the people who have hair growing in unwanted places . Since the blades are really small the cut is very smooth as if shaving .
 I like the metal casing . You will probably get about a year or so out of this trimmer with consistent use before it concedes . But for $ 9 , that is about all you can ask for . This is as good as any that are out there at this price .
 I was immediately happy with this Remington MPT-3000 Titanium Personal Trimmer . The motor is on the powerful side . The trimming is fast and effective . The only thing I wish it would have had was information on where a person could order more heads for it . All trimmers I have order does not have information on where you can get replacement heads for them . I really would have loved to have had that information with this trimmer . I am so happy with the trimmer that I would order more heads if I knew where or how to get them .
 The Remington MPT-2000 is an excellent device . It cuts hairs -LRB- if used by rotating the clipper inside the nasal passage -RRB- . The cutting with rotation is most important . Pulling or jerking hair leads to possible infection . The infection would most likely be Step or the dreaded Staph -LRB- the more common bacteria within the nose -RRB- . The brass cutting device is important since it tends to retard or interfere with bacterial growth -LRB- picked up when the cutting portion is within the nasal passage -RRB- . I would use only one and the same one clipper for the nose so as not to cross contaminate the other areas where such a clipper might be used.The units are a little balky and need disassembling to clean . Be careful not to turn the switch to the motor `` on '' or you will have to realign the cutting portion with a linkage from the motor . The cutting head is disassembled easily by snapping a locking device back from the cutting head .
 So far , so good . I bought the Magic Touch before this and it broke on me after about six months . After a few months with the Remington , it still works great and is going strong .
 Works as advertised and small enough to fit in various orifices . Never taught in school about this hair thing ...
 Works as advertised . A few times however , I put it on and nothing happened . Not sure why?Anyway , best stuff I 've ever used for its purpose . I love that it matches my skin tone , less conspicuous that way !
 This ice pack was great to take traveling because you can fill it with the hotel 's ice . Unlike other ice therapy bags that need to use a freezer to recharge the cold . The only thing I would have liked would have been ties instead of the velcro . I have a broken foot and used this to reduce the swelling . The bag does n't wrap around my foot the way I wanted it to . Also , after taking the velco straps on and off kind of shredded the material on the outside of the bag . It probably would work better on a body part that is straight , like an arm , leg , etc. . Otherwise , I was very happy with the fact that it did not leak or sweat all over the place .
 This is the best ice pack you can buy . Just fill it with ice , snap it closed , and it 's leak-free and stays DRY . It also last a LOT longer than those gel-packs .
 I walk a lot at work every day . My legs and feet feel so much better at the end of the day . I wo n't wear my shoes without them any more .
 These arrived in a timely manner , and they feel great . May consider ordering another pair to keep from transferring them to another shoe .
 These are similar to the Arch Pain Relief Supports by Dr. School 's and I slightly prefer those . However , these only lack that bit of increased arch support and are really kind to your feet and I love them ... have several pair now ! If you just want cushion , I highly recommend these orthotics .
 Sin comentarios negativos , el articulo lleno mis expectativas y es tal cual se describe en la publicacion . La entrega fue a tiempo .
 I have used this product for over the last 3 years , and you do notice a difference during the day after using it . I first bought after watching a PBS program with Dr. Perricone . I have recommended it to friends and they have tried it and like it .
 I actually use this everyday , for 2 years now , as my face cream . Add some Kiss My Face SPF and you are good to go . I have switched over to other day creams but always come back to this one . It absorbs so well and I just feel like it keeps my skin hydrated all day long . Does not smell and does not sting . Not tested on animals and no nasty animal by products . I highly recommend this .
 i am using this as a night cream to improve quality of my skin . the ingredients were recommended by dr. oz to decrease wrinkles and puffiness under eyes . ca n't say i have removed either but like the cream and will purchase again from amazon .
 These vitamins are fantastic . These vitamins are a great booster for anyone on the go . As a vegetarian for four years I was always looking for a great supplement to keep my energy up for when nuts and legumes got too pricey . These are a great addition to any diet . I left the vegetarian diet earlier this year and am back to omni status and had switched to a prenatal for a while , but will be glad to get back to these one I finish with breastfeeding.Be prepared to get a pill box or portable container for these , as you will have to take 2 tablets at each meal , but any good food grade vitamin will have similar dosage recommendations . You may not feel different right away , but you will notice the difference when you skip a day and get sleepy around mid afternoon . The extra energy is just what the doctor ordered . Your pee will change color , which is a sign your body is metabolizing some of the nutrients so do not be alarmed . Also , remember to keep drinking lots of water throughout the day and with each dose .
 I tried these looking for a whole vitamin based on a friends recommendation and these are the first that do n't make my stomach ache after which would happen even after having breakfast . These make me feel energized without feeling jittery . I love them !
 I had no order fulfillment problems.My experience -LRB- as best i can tell ; may be placebo effect of course -RRB- seems in line with other Amazon reviews of same product . Massive energy boost & well-being .
 ... good way to buy aspirin if you need it every day , good buy!BOTTLED ASPIRIN 1000/BOTTLE
 Great tasting bar that will hold you for hours at the best price I have seen on the net . Probably my favorite Met-Rex Bar . Not as sweet and junk-foody as the Collasal 100 Bars .
 Of all the protein bars I have tried , these are the best tasting yet . They are chewy , but this is nice if you are looking for something to fill you up . You will feel hunger subside .
 These bars are not too difficult to chew . The thickness of them helps make them a filling meal . These are my favorite meal replacement bars , over Slim Fast and other brands hands-down .
 This is one of the smaller metrx bars but it actually still has 32g of protein , and little sugar . However , it still tastes sweet thanks to the large amounts of sugar alcohols in the bar . Those sensitive to these should beware . I 'm not but still noticed a bit of an `` effect '' several hours after eating them . It does however have approx . 100 calories less than the big 100 protein bars and just about as much in the way of protein and vitamins , which is excellent .
 These are the best tasting of the MetRX bars in my opinion . Be careful with the sugar alcohol as some people find it hard to digest . Try a 1/2 a bar the first time to see how it goes . I would never recommend 2 in one day .
 The bars taste very good . If you like penut butter you should give this one a try .310 Calories & 30 Grams of Protein makes a good snack . I like to have one a day a few hours before the gym .12 bars per box so stock up !
 Good nutrition , and they taste so good my toddlers actually want bites of them . Repeatedly . Ca n't say that of any of the other protein bars I 've tried .
 That about says it for me . I have tried many protein bars over the years and these are my favorite . I stay with the low sugar high protein variety bars ; sometimes I have to eat half of these at a time because they are so high in protein ; and definitely drink water with these . but I do n't find these to have that annoying after taste of other bars
 I do n't really like the taste of them , but after i 've eaten one bar , I feel like i 've just eaten a huge southern dinner . It actually makes me FULL ! And for a long time ! Impressive for a meal replacement !
 Met-Rx protein bars are the real deal . 32 grams of protein in a bar that tastes superb . The monthly package they offer is a real saver also . Would highly recommend this service and product .
 I 've tried lots of bars , and these are the best tasting , lowest in sugar , and highest in protein . A great meal replacement -- beats a Big Mac anytime ! My only `` complaint '' is that they are n't the cleanest , but as a once-in-a-while snack or replacement meal , they 're fine .
 I use the MetRX Protein Plus Creamy Peanut Butter Crisp bars as a meal replacement for breakfast . They are very filling and pack around 30 grams of protein which is great . These bars keep me full for hours . They are not able to withstand the heat at all so just know that if you order them during the summer they will melt during shipment . If you leave one in the car , it will be need to cool off and firm up again but wo n't be the same . I have had melted bars and they do n't compare to the fresh ones you will find at the health food store BUT you get a much better price on Amazon per bar when you order by the box . I love the flavor of these bars and think it is a great product . For that reason , I am giving five stars . As for the melting , storage issue , I send out a warning -- buyer beware !
 I got the Chocolate Chocolate Chunk flavor and it is by far the best protein bar I have tried . It taste amazing and has 32 grams of protein . I recommend this to anyone that is working out and needs protein bars . I usually take one to school with me and have it between classes . It fills me up like i just had a whole meal
 I 've tried the MetRX Protein Plus bars a number of times and they are the only ones I 'd buy . They taste indulgent like a huge candy bar , but are sweetened with malitol and not sucralose , which I believe is of questionable safety . They are made with whey protein , as opposed to soy protein isolate , the latter which causes problems for some people.They are not calorie cheap , but the calories from the sugar alcohols are n't absorbed , so the net carbs are actually quite low .
 This is a great way to start your day off with a Met Rx Protein bar . It is the best tasting amongst the ones that I have tried , plus it has 32 grams of protein . Awesome product for the money !
 Met Rx carries a wonderful line of high protein ... low carb ... no sugar bars . They are perfect as meal replacements or protein supplements . The creamy cookie crisp is my favorite flavor . IT has only 340 calories and is absolutely delicous . It does n't taste like a diet bar at all . No guilt because it has little sugar and a lot of protein . It tastes sweet , crunchy , and very filling .
 I have been following a meal plan that includes 20-30 % protein in every meal and snack . The MET-Rx bars provide that and they are delicious . When using it as a meal replacement I eat the whole bar ; if for a snack I cut off 1/3 of it so I eat just 206 calories . They are really handy when I am not at home and finding well balanced snacks and meals are more of a challenge . I have recommended them to many people and will continue to do so . I have a box delivered to my door once a month from Amazon .
 This is another great non-chocolate protein bar . This also tastes like peanut butter , only crunchy . A fantastic product No messy carmel
 Work great as a meal replacement and taste great too . Low in sugar so for a diabetic like me its like eating a candy bar .
 I really do enjoy this product . One of the best protein bars that I have tasted . Not overly sweet , and the chocolate taste is very rich . These bars are also very filling so you wont get the urge to be snacking right after you eat one . Mine arrived a little melted , but its summer so that is to be expected when a package is sitting on my porch all day . Overall , great product by Met-Rx .
 taste is okay - not exactly looking forward to eating it but is very very very filling . makes you # 2 like it says on the label . very good for that .
 I like the taste of the Protein Plus Chocolate Chocolate Chunk bars a lot ! I cut them in thirds because these are the larger 320 calorie bars . I eat one-third before my workout and one-third after . I also enjoy the Pure Protein bars which are smaller but the flavor of these is awesome .
 - Good chocolate taste - 30 + grams of protien per bar , but not neccessarily a `` meal replacement '' . - METRX brand name for an Amazon price .
 Taste-wise , I think this is one of the better Met-Rx protein bars . It does have a little less protein and more sugar , however . I like to add it into my protein bar rotation every once in a while for a change of pace .
 So , before I found this bar , I was on a very long and tedious quest to find a protein bar that was HIGH in protein , LOW in Sugar , and LOW in fat , AND it had to taste amazingly good . Yep , if you 've ever tried protein bars , you know why the search continued on for more than 2 years ... then , I gambled a few bucks and tried Met-rx cookie crisp one - and that actually is a really good one , but it 's got a decent amount of sugar in it.I grudgingly decided to try this peanut butter crisp one only because I was desperate - I love peanut butter , but the stuff that goes into protein bars that is called peanut butter is usually disgusting , so I did n't have high hopes.Oh-My - ! This reminds me of something like a butterfinger , minus the chewy nougat . If you like butterfingers , you 'll like this - is that 's easy.I now have one a day , 5 days a week - and I do n't know if I 'll ever change bars again . I actually split the bar for two snacks a few hours before and after my lunch.HIGH protein :30 g in 1 barLOW sugar
 This product is exactly as advertised . This product showed up on time and as advertised . I would recommend this product .
 The very best protein bar out there . If you have yet to try it ... get out there and buy a whole bunch .
 This is great . I have subscribed to get 2 boxes of these bars every month . I usually eat one a day during the week at work to count for a meal . Only 3 grams of sugar and tasty for a high protein bar . I would be careful if you have never eaten one before as they might give you gas due to the sugar alcohols . If you have no shame then the gas might not bother you . Gas is a normal thing for weigh lifters : -RRB-
 These are just the thing you need after a hard workout . Filled with protein and they taste good ; convenient and cheaper than what you would pay in the grocery store -LRB- if you can find them there -RRB- .
 Great product !!! I would recommend this product to all my friends . Has been helpful after my workouts to replinish needed protein !!!
 Because I ca n't eat chocolate it feels hard to find protein bars that taste good too , but these solve those problems perfectly for me .
 I decided to check online for these Met-RX bars because my local grocery store had run out . They were being sold at a very competitive price , so I decided to order.The bars arrived according to the expectations set . My only issue is that they were stuck to their packaging inside due to melting -LRB- assuming during shipment -RRB- . The bars are very good , but just messy when melted to the packaging as they flake as you try to eat them.I have found the bars to be a good protein source for my current regimen and I have lost 14 pounds since incorporating them in my diet AND exercise . The bars are n't the magic sauce for weight loss , but they were a great addition to my routine .
 Met Rx has done it again . Simply the best out there . The flavor and nutritional components of this product are outstanding . Amazon stocks nearly anything that is worthwhile .
 Just do not put them in the fridge . They become solid bricks and are difficult to chew . Taste is similar to a candy bar . No after taste of whey , or powdery chalk taste . I 'd buy them again though I prefer Detour bars.Edit
 These protein bars are ideal for me . Quite high in protein -LRB- a necessity , being vegetarian -RRB- . One bar is my breakfast each week day . They taste good enough and leave no after-taste . To date -LRB- after two years -RRB- , I have only ordered two flavors , chocolate chocolate chunk and chocolate fudge deluxe . I had tried most other protein bars and they did not measure up to Met-Rx . After shipping , etc. , the price comes out to about $ 2.67 per bar . That certainly beats the $ 4 - $ 5 at a store.One thing to watch out for
 First , they are protien bars not snickers or 3 musketeers or anything of the sort . I work out five times a week and eat healthy everyday , these bars are my treats , they have most of the protien I need in one meal and they taste fabulous IF you compare it to a non fat low carb alfafa sprout and goat cheese wrap . I have tried a good majority of the protien bars out there and this is pretty much the only one I like . two thumbs up !
 I purchased these bars to use as a meal replacement when I did n't have time or was not in a place where I could get a meal . I read other reviews and went with the choc . choc chunk and they were right ; this is better than the other flavors . It 's like eating dessert for a meal and still not cheating . I like that there is no soy in it also .
 I ve been eaten this product for the last two years , VERY IMPORTANT , !! I contact MET RX head office in order to know if the product is gluten free and it is.Good news for who needs GFREE diet .
 I buy these primarily as protein snacks for use during all day matches . Since I have hypoglycemia , it 's important to have very low sugar content . The taste is pretty good , but there is an after taste.There is 32 grams of sugar alcohols , but sugar alcohols are supposed to be NOT seen as sugar by the body . I do feel quite good for some time after eating it . This is a good sign that the sugar alcohol is not being seen as sugar by my body .
 These protein bars taste great and are perfect for those times that you 're on the road and ca n't eat.They are super filling , satisfying and relatively healthy . I suffer from low blood sugar and ca n't always eat at regular intervals due to my erratic schedule . I always keep one of these in my purse and it ensures that I do n't become ravenous during the day.These are also perfect for sitting through long classes . Rather than eating a sugar-laden candy bar from a vending machine I eat one of these instead . I stay full longer and do n't get a `` sugar high '' as I do with regular candy .
 I do n't like gooey protein bars that can pull out a dental filling , and most are just too sticky and tacky . Not this bar , and the taste is good , too . Not like a candy bar , but we do n't eat them for that reason , right ?
 These bars have the perfect mix of carbs and protein that I look for in a meal replacement bar , but unlike the rest of the bars in this line I found the taste and consistency a little off for my tastes . Still a great meal replacement bar for the cost .
 This is one of the better tasting protein bars and I 've tried many different brands and flavors . I say try them ~ Protein bars are slowly but surely getting better and they come in handy when you 're on the run ~ especially important during the holidays .
 These protein bars are the yummiest bars I 've ever tasted . They are great as a meal replacement and certainly fill you up fast . I eat them maybe twice a week to keep my diet in check . I highly recommend them if you are a peanut butter holic !
 I REALLY LOVE THIS JACKNOBBER BECAUSE IT GET 'S THOSE PAINFUL SPOT 'S IN MY BACK THAT ARE HARD TO REACH AND RELIEVES THE PAIN IMMEDIATELY BECAUSE MESSAGES ARE EXPENSIVE AND TIME CONSUMING SO THIS WAS THE PERFECT REMEDY FOR ME , I ENJOY IT AND HOPE YOU WILL TOO .
 We use this tool as part of our Physica Therapy treatment . It is a very effective tool . We have received positive feedback from all the patients .
 I have and use jacknobbers , in fact , I have several of them . The jackknobber is a tool for taking out muscular spasms . It has four arms so that it can be laid in the floor with one arm upwards for working on the soles of the feet . At the end of each arm is a ball . There are two small balls and two larger ones . While you could use thumb pressure , many people may not have the finger strength , especially women or ahem , older men with arthritis . For them , the jacknobber is a big helpThere are really three steps to relieving a muscle in spasm . First you probe along the muscle to locate the source of the spasm , popularly known as a `` trigger point '' . There may be several so do n't stop with the first one . When you locate them press down and hold for 10 seconds . There is no need to press really hard , medium pressure is usually enough . When you 've pressed out the triggers you come to the second step , you massage the muscle along its length , finally , in the third step you stretch the muscle.As a matter of experience , I use the small balls to probe for triggers and the larger balls to do the massage afterward . When I work on my back , I lay on the the floor using a folded blanket as padding . Now , do they work ? Emphatically , Yes ! Oh yes , one other tip . For back sufferers , do n't be surprised if you discover , as I did , that a large part of your back pain is really referred pain from your feet and legs.The subject of pain relief is of course far more complex than simply probing for trigger points . There are many good books that can give you the additional information you need . I can highly recommend the books by the late Bonnie Prudden . She was a dancer and television 's first exercise guru back in the 1950s . Later she turned her hand to physiotherapy . Amazon has her books .
 I am very happy with Now rosewater concentrate . It is a very fine product at an unbeatable price . Shipping was a little slow but I am happy about the quality and price . Thank you
 The majority of anti-parasitic herb complexes available have so many extra synergistic herbs added that , unfortunately , often they can be compromising to our furry , four-legged friends . Eclectic Institute 's `` Intestinal Support '' is a combination of black walnut , clove , and wormwood -- and no other herbs . I keep my dog on a regular cycle of these pills , especially in the summertime . It is harder for me to tell their effect on her , but when our one cat had a lot of nasty red blotches all over his belly -LRB- which my hubby said reminded him of the blotches his one childhood cat had when it had internal parasites -RRB- , I started giving him an opened capsule of the herbs in some ` tuna water ' from a can of tuna every day , cycling the use of the pills similarly to that of our dog . Within a month or so the red blotches disappeared , and he stopped being so uncomfortable-looking/acting -- wonderful ! So I try to keep these pills on hand , as I have found them very useful in our household ; it goes without saying that they are a nice choice for people interested in a more natural approach to ridding the body of parasites , as well .
 I have been using the liquid Zim 's Crack Creme for years and have found nothing better for healing dry cracks in your heels and feet . I have tried the creamy formula upon occasion , but it does not work nearly as well on deep cracks . A regular regimen of a good emery type pedicure file while your feet are moist in the shower , Zim 's liquid and a moisurizing lotion will keep your feet looking beautiful .
 Get the `` original '' liquid stuff . Do n't even waste your time with the tube cream . I use it pretty much year round for cracks on my hands , and in the winter my heels . Best thing on the market for dry skin . Nothing else comes close .
 I started using this years ago and ever since then I have recommended it to MANY people who now swear by it as well . I 'm a teacher and in the winter washing my hands so much leads to severe , bleeding cracked hands . The oil is MUCH better than the cream -LRB- the cream does n't really help me much -RRB- . I just put it on at night with gloves or socks and after 2-3 nights , healed ! I do n't know how it works and it does n't particularly smell lovely , but I hope they never stop making it ! Give it a try -- I 've tried so many other products , even prescription products , and this is the only product that had real results . It 's great on my feet too !!
 Zims crack cream works great miracles overnight . When you have dried cracked hands that hand cream does n't do much improvement for , apply Zims crack cream and you see miracles overnight !! I love Zims crack cream .
 This stuff is great ! I had my first bottle of Zim 's from a local pharmacy , and it lasted several years , but when I went back to get more , the store no longer carried the product . I was horrified because , as an aqua fitness instructor , my hands are often dry and , in the winter months , painful cracks show up along the edges of my fingers . Until I found Zim 's Crack Creme , I struggled with bandaids and antibiotic ointments for weeks at a time to clear them up . This medication smells a little yucky and makes the skin surface a little sticky , but if you put it on before bed for several nights , the cracks disappear as if by magic . So , imagine my horror when I could n't find it in any of the drugstores around my usual haunts and imagine my delight when I found it on Amazon ! Once again , Amazon has saved the day . The diversity of products offered online through Amazon is staggering , and I am learning to look there first when I need something . If you have any dry skin issues with your hands , elbows , feet , or knees -- give this stuff a try .
 My wife has had a problem with the skin on her fingertips cracking for several years . She has tried many products and techniques for dealing with this situation . She has also been to several doctors and read many articles . Nothing seems to be a significant cure or treatment . She does use rubber gloves anytime washing dishes , etc. . She regularly puts moisturizers on her hands during the day and at night she also uses ointment on her hands and covers them with white cotton gloves . This product is as good as any , but did not resolve her cracking skin problems .
 This stuff really does work wonders . When you tried every lotion on the market & nothing helps , give this stuff a try . You think i 'm crazy now ... It 's has a strong herbal scent & it 's not even a cream -LRB- as the name suggests -RRB- but I have twice seen it clear up chronic cracked , chapped & peeling skin in a matter of days . I recommend it highly . It 's not expensive & one bottle lasts a long time . & yes , it is nearly impossible to find in stores .
 Excellent product for sore , dry and cracked feet . Immediate feeling of relief and multiple use helps soften and heal my feet as well . Recommended years ago during a pedicure , I have n't found anything to compare with Crack Cream original formula .
 This is an old necessary friend that can not be found in stores easily . It works , tried and true . Couple the day creme with the night creme and you are good to dance , walk , run , stand all day and all night if need be .
 I can not agree more that this natural product is liquid gold for skin . There is nothing like it in the market . It even softens nails and makes skin feel and look younger . No more hardened skin , no more cracks . Enough said .
 I have horribly dry and cracked feet . I 've tried numerous products and nothing has ever worked - until I found Zim 's . This stuff is amazing . I think the liquid is much more effective than the cream . I put it on 3 - 4 times a day and wear socks and literally within 2 weeks there was n't a single crack on my feet . I could n't believe it . Unfortunately it 's getting really hard to find the liquid in the stores now , so I 'm resorting to buying it online .
 I have a problem with the skin on the corner of my thumb cracking . This is very painful . Zim 's crack creme is wonderful for this problem and makes the healing process very quickly . If I could remember to use it on a regular basis , it would probably not happen again . I had a hard time finding it again locally so I ordered it from Amazon . Great product !
 I have been unable to find the liquid Zim 's crack creme anywhere in my area on a regular basis in years - this product is the best for all kinds of dry skin on hands , feet , elbows or even problem patches on legs or arms . My husband works with floor chemicals and his hands have had deep cracks that turn black and can not heal without this product . My skin in the winter becomes dry and cracks so painfully on my finger-tips and knuckles and this product heals them . I heard about it on AM radio years ago and swear by it . I am now ordering several at a time because stores around here just do n't have it . Great product !
 I was told about this product from a friend and this really works when you get little cracks on the corners of your fingers from cold weather or lots of hand washings . It really works , just dab it on before sleeping and your cracks will slowly heal .
 It is very hydrating , maybe too hydrating for some people . But it works very well on me , even smooths my skin . Highly recommend to those who want hydration ONLY !
 I am not a smoker and bought this as a gift , so I ca n't speak to its function . However , the lighter does have a sleek , contemporary design with a nice weight to it and a satisfying &#34; click &#34; action . It comes in an attractive box that makes it an ideal presentation item .
 Purchased this product at a Health Food store and tried it as I was encountering problems with Gall Stones forming and read many medical & health reviews that Apple Pectin or eating a lot of Fresh Apples per day can help to break up stones into slush to be passed . Boy , does this product work , with such a concentrated amount of apple pectin in one single pill . Any time I have any meal with high fat , like fried foods , which normally cause discomfort , take one of these pectin supplements and do not get any standard right sided gall stone pain that I used to feel . It is a great fiber source as well and have even lost weight using it and just purchased more on Amazon as their costs are much lower than my Health Food store . Great product !
 fresh product , really does wonders for the skin and hair , also helps the arteries stay elastic and allows them to dilate with less stress . it 's also a great source of fiber although its not listed on the bottle , it is and so Apple Pectin is also a good way to block carb absorption .
 Many years ago , I read a book about the health benefits of taking apple pectin , a soluble fiber , to supplement the diet , since many people do n't consume enough fruits and vegetables to get an adequate amount of pectin . It was believed that pectin binds to cholesterol in the gastrointestinal tract , slows glucose absorption by trapping carbohydrates , and acts to block the absorption of some fats . Ever since , I 've taken several apple pectin tablets or capsules a day . The most noticeable benefit is to help prevent constipation , and at my age , that 's a big deal.I 've used three or four brands of apple pectin , and the Nature 's Plus brand has always been reliable and competitively priced . The serving size is listed as one 500mg tablet , which is the equivalent of 20.5 grams of whole apples -LRB- about ounce -RRB- . Interestingly enough , the bottle comes with a laboratory assay by an FDA-approved testing laboratory .
 Love this pectin , but do n't expect speedy service . I would order again though , I will just plan for more ship time .
 Really love this product the first step , exfoliates my lips , and then the second step is like a moisturizer for my lips . Really great , it really works like they say !!!!!!!!!
 If your feet ache at night and keep you wake , this product is for you ! My feet usually are sore at night and ca n't sleep , I rub this lotion on them and massage my feet a little and then I can go right to sleep ! Plus I used to have really cracked feet , useing this stuff everynight made them really soft ! I love the smell too !!
 First Condom I 've used -LRB- besides flavored -RRB- that does n't reak of latex . Highly Recomended .
 IDEAL LARGE CAPSULE - BUT NOT FOR VEGETARIANSIf you do n't need to make a huge number of capsules -LSB- also available in 750 per package -RSB- , these are the same excellent capsules NOW Foods uses for their own products . This size `` 00 '' will hold up to 1000 mg . of herbal , vitamin or amino acid products -LSB- depending on the density -RSB- and is the largest size capsule most people can swallow easily . The only larger size is `` 000 '' which can hold about 1 teaspoon and causes many people to gag . They work perfectly with the `` capsule machine '' sold through Amazon and are a terrific value . Of course you have to have the size of capsule that exactly fits the capsule machine as they generally only will handle 1 size . Just bear in mind that these are Gel-Caps , not `` V-Caps '' if you are a vegetarian . Great quality ! Recommended!These are also available through Amazon in quantities of 750 capsules for a savings of about 12-15 % per unit .
 These capsules are great . I really like them . They are easy to separate and very smooth . Great product !
 These worked nicely for me . They are very easy to open and fill . I filled them by hand but you can get automatic machines . I just liked how easy they were to open and they dissolve easily too which is nice for my purposes .
 Wow , this product shipped here faster than I thought . I ordered it right before the thanksgiving holida and it got here on saturday . I was expecting it next week . The capsules are great I have no complaints , it 's clear so you can see inside .
 i got what i paid for.nothing wrong with these , but i wish the package was resealable , i 'm stuck using tape .
 Awesome ! My sight was clearer . My eyes were not broken . They just needed the nutrients to make them work better . It has Lutein/spinach/blueberry . I will always get this supplement . It is like a miracle for my sight .
 We love Hylands products in general and this couph syrup tastes good which makes it easy for your child to take . My child is a preschooler and like most kids , hates even the best flavored medicine and would rather not take medications due to the taste . This product tastes like honey and goes down easy . No fights , no hassle ! I would have given it 5 stars except it does n't last very long for symptom relief so we were using it every 3 hours for a cold/couph but felt safe doing so with the ingredients/homeopathic . My child was glad for the taste , had some relief , but it did n't take his couphs away 100 % -LRB- which you do not want to do anyway . -RRB- Overnight use we had to use other products so he could sleep more than a few hours but daytime it gets him through the day with minimal complaints . Combined with the Hyland cold tablets they also have , I think it reduced his sick time from the general 7 plus days to about 4 days . This is n't a scientific study just an observation . lol . We always prefer to use homeopathic medicines whenever possible and Hylands has been around more than most and has a solid reputation so I would recommend their product . Happy Health to you all !
 We got this as a present when my husband was bedridden . It saved the day ! If you have a loved one who needs this sort of attention ... be sure to have this on hand . Saves on a lot of stress !
 this stuff is just awesome an amazing for kidney functionas well ... I was so chilled out though that I did less work ... very good for good for thinking freely on the flip side .
 These were purchased for teaching the braille alphabet and reinforcement of braille contractions . Students work in teams to produce words dictated by the teacher .
 This product is beneficial , but may be a little misleading . Can you really identify your baby 's heartbeat ? It is difficult to hear while listening to `` movements '' . You can hear movements and gurgles . Heartbeats are not what you expect from traditional doppler . On the plus side , the audio play mode that lets you talk to your baby and play music CDs I considered to be beneficial
 My wife and I bought this for our first child . She used it according to the directions , playing the music every night for about 10-15 minutes . When the baby was born he was very calm and so far does not cry much unless he wants something . Also when he gets crabby we play the music for him on the 2nd Cd . It seems to calm him down right away . To me this really helped would recommend it just for the Cd 's . The heartbeat listening device is pretty much usless until the later part of the pregnancy and can be tricky to hear the heartbeat . For the price did not expect the heartbeat monitor to work well anyways .
 When my husband and I recieved the BeBe we were so excited . We opened it up and tried it out right away . It 's amazing !! We could hear the baby moving and her little heartbeat . It 's Definately worth getting !
 I bought these in addition to other pairs I have of another style and these fit really well without being too tight and work great for reading glasses . I do a lot of computer work and these glasses are my favorite .
 I love these so much , I ordered a second pair . I keep one at my desk and one on my nightstand . They work really well , are lightweight , comfortable , and look funkier than most of the `` granny glasses '' you can buy in the drugstore . I 'd definitely buy more from this brand .
 Aside from totally perfect . . These readers are lightweight fit perfect on the nose bridge . And do n't slip ! The tortoise is tastefully done on the frames . . And the lenses are a great size . . Would definitely recommend these readers !
 I had a lot of fun with these distinctive glasses from the very first day . Everyone noticed . Nearly everyone had a comment . Most people liked them . The style is low riding for lots of clarity below when reading yet easy to look over the top of if they are down on your nose just a bit . The tortoise coloring is very dark so is more of an accent than an attraction . Also , although you ca n't really tell from the picture , the nose bridge is a double arch that adds to the cool look . If you are into something a little different and do n't want to be ordinary , these fit the bill . The price to quality ratio is just fine .
 I 've been wearing glasses like these for several years . At least one or twice a month someone will comment on how much they like my glasses . They are not perfect . If you wear them often they will wear out . Either the bridge will crack or the plastic will give at the hinges . If you wear the same pair every day I 'd say you will get 6-9 months wear out of them . So , they are not super high quality , but they are n't crap quality either . If you are cool with needing a couple of pairs each year then I highly recommend these . I guarantee that strangers will tell you how much they like them and even daily acquaintances will one day actually look at you and say , `` Are those new glasses ? They look good . ''
 Very light weight , inexpensive reading glasses . I get migraines easily and am a bit head sensitive so almost all glasses feel too heavy after a half hour or so except these . They are very 1930 's Charlie Chan movie-ish so if you like the bookish , retro style they are easily worn and almost weightless .
 These glasses are fine for the price . Very inexpensive but they do the job . Good service and fast shipping .
 I 've been buying these glasses for several years ... they are very high quality at a very reasonable price ... I constantly have people ask me where I got them ...
 These glasses are better than the description . Top quality materials and distortion free lenses . Recommended !
 These are excellent , comfortable readers for a good price.If they 'll outlast my losing them , I 'll , I 'm sure , buy more ... I ordered the black & they are quite handsomeand , no , I did not expect them to be designer high quality eyewear at this price , but they are a very good value .
 The glasses were lightweight , and had a style that I wanted.The lens were plastic , and did not clean very well.I would buy again from this seller.I would probably look for a sturdier style .
 I 'm wearing them right now . Very durable and difficult to scratch . I would purchase them again , once the pair I have now . meet like most pairs of my glasses a untimely demise ,
 These round frame glasses were bought for a Christmas gift and ended up being the hit of the night . Everyone wanted a turn wearing them for a while and getting their picture taken . The size seems to be a smaller type frame . They looked like average sized frames on the more smaller / average shaped faces , but a bit small on the larger faced guy . He still liked them though .
 Wonderful reading glasses . Have a great feel on your head . Highly recommend them . Very seriously considering getting another pair to have around the house or work .
 The glasses arrived in good condition and were well packaged . The view is excellent and my wife thinks they really look good . Since I do n't really care what anyone else thinks that 's good enough for me . The glasses fit very well and are the most comfortable reading glasses I own . They sit on the nose without slipping and there is n't any excess pressure on the side of my head , which has been a problem in the past with some of my reading glasses.Great product.AD2
 THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT ON THE MARKEYT TO QUIT SMOKINGI USED THIS PRODUCT 7 YEARS AGO AND QUIT . WHATEVER MADE ME START AGAIN I WILL NEVER KNOW BUT I DID FOR 3 WEEKS AND KNEW I HAD TO QUIT AGAIN SO i ORDERED THE PRODUCT AND ALL IT TOOK WAS THE 7 DAYS AND ITS BEEN 3 WEKS AND I HAVE NO DESIRE FOR A CIGARETTE AND I KNOW I CAN NEVER TRY IT AGAIN . i HAVE A LUNG PROBLEM AND i WILL NOT TRY AGAIN . SMOKE aWAY IS THE best
 Fabulous product . In just a couple days , all the craving for cigarettes vanished , and I am now a non-smoker !!! I even spent the weekend with friends who smoke like chimneys , and did n't have a problem . !!! Terrific product
 Smoke away works great for withdrawal , which happens to be the worst part of quitting ! I do recommend being mentally prepared to quit , meaning you have to break the mental habit as well !!!!! Smoke away worked really well , I had only a mild headache the first day and that was it . A few days later my bad mental habits got in the way . I thought since I had n't smoked in a few days , I could have just one . NO !!!! Do n't fall into that trap ! Be mentally prepared before you buy ! I have been training myself to hate smoking for a few months and I plan on trying to quit again using smoke away . Every time I light up I think `` I hate smoking , I ca n't wait to quit ! '' I have gotten to the point where smoking makes me gag and sometimes puke , but I do it so I do n't suffer from withdrawal . So I think it is time to quit , my brain is ready and smoke away will handle the withdrawal ! I am sure I will be able to quit this time .
 smoke away has helped me to cut down but not quit . I was able to cut down to 1/2 pack a day . I was thinking of buying it again and maybe it will help me to totally quit this time . I would buy it again . the price was good and it shipped fast .
 Prodict was sent in a paper bag . The compact disk arived broken . The company was hard to get ahold of but when I did get ahold of them they QUICKLY sent a new one .
 Gets the nicotine out of your body in about 1 day . After 3 days , if you smoke you will gag and cough -LRB- like your first time -RRB- .
 I have used this to stop smoking and it helps with withdrawals , but you have to have the mind set of really wanting to stop . If you do n't really want to quit it wont work . It helps with the night sweats and head aches that you get from quitting . It 's not easy to stop and stay smoke free but this product does help
 Lets make this simple . I smoked a pack a day for 10 years . I tried Patches , Gum , E-Cigs , and Candy . The reason those things dont work is becuase you maintain a nicotine addiction and well as a ritual attachment.With Smoke away I was able to lose all cravings within day 5 . YES it was the easiest way I have ever attempted.The first few days are hard but after a week you can feel damn good about yourself .
 smokeaway is a very good product I have used it befor & quite tho I had to use two qts of the product unfortunately I did return to smoking so i 'm going thru the process again , I tried patches gum lozenges none of them worked ,
 Using this product it was very easy to stop smoking . After smoking for over thirty years it would have been difficult using a product that has a niccotine supliment . But with the herbal formula it was much simpler than I was expecting . Thank you for having such a tremendous product .
 I purchased this for my friend who does n't do computersThis is the second time he has used it in 6 years . . This product worked great for him the first time as he had quit with-in a month.Unfortunately he started smoking again 51/2 years later and he said he wanted Smoke Away as it had previously worked.This time he was done with-in 2 weeks.He swears by this product , and highly recommends it .
 This is great !! I got this cuz all the other things I had tried failed me I still craved a cig . But since I started taking this not a single craving its great !!! I have been a smoker for 20 yrs now n I cant tell you how nice it is to move on with out having to worry when my next break is or can we stop the car so I can smoke !!! My CD came broke but I sent them an email n they shipped it out a few days later but really didnt need it I was already to quit just needed a little push !! I recommend this to anyone who wants to quit the natural way ...
 Not much to add , just wanted to throw in another 5-star review . My package was not from this vendor and included 60 , not 14 , Formula 2 capsules . My package did n't have the audio either.You have to want to quit -- the program wo n't make you not want to smoke . But I 'm in my 4th week now , and I can say I 'VE FELT NO PHYSICAL COMPULSION TO SMOKE AND NOTHING IN THE WAY OF WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS . Admittedly , I was a light smoker -- strong cigarettes but rarely more than 6 per day ; over many years , however ; and I loved smoking!I waited until I had a mild cold , which cut down my inclination to smoke , and then started and followed the program . Another Amazon reviewer recommended also going to -LSB- ... -RSB- , and that was a good suggestion as it boosted my relatively weak motivation .
 This product worked for me where others failed . The SmokeAway kit I ordered lacked the compact disk and cost a lot more . I should have checked Amazon first , but since it REALLY WORKED I 'm very happy even though I spent twice the money for less product . I took phase one for just five days , then gave the rest of the kit away to a friend . Now , four and a half months later I 'm still nicotine free and the `` nic fits '' are less frequent and way less intense . Sometimes I go for days without even thinking about a smoke.Is there willpower involved ? You bet . This product gets you thru the first week or so , after that its up to you . You must WANT to quit . This product does what its advertised to do , however . It helps you get off nicotine in that all important first week or so . After that , you have a fighting chance to gut it out the rest of the way.Great product .
 I 'm now thirty . I started smoking when I was ten , and by fourteen I was smoking a pack a day . I 'm also work in a couple highly stressful professions , meaning cigarettes were something I needed to keep me sane . I tried all sorts of nicotene-based substitutes , and they did n't work . I tried other methods to quit , and they did n't work either . After hearing about Smoke-Away on the radio , I thought `` what the heck ? `` Being somewhat conservative , I admit I was kinda suspicious about a herbal based alternative to nicoteen , but my parents offered to pay for it and my doctor said it was safe . It worked . I quit smoking for a month , which is the longest I had ever gone without smoking . While it was n't completely painless , and while it required some willpower , Smoke-Away made things a lot more comfortable and helped me deal with the withdrawal symptoms with more ease than I had ever felt using any other product or method.Unfortunately , I had a relapse about three weeks later , having forgotten the products at home while on a stressful business trip . By the time I got back , I was addicted again and did n't want to quit . About a month ago , I tried Smoke-Away again . It worked just as well as it did last time , and this time I make a point of double-checking whenever I go on a trip or some other stressful event that will last more than a couple hours.About a month has passed since I smoked my last cigarette , I feel much better , and I am convinced this is the best product on the market for quitting smoking . One of its key advantages , in my opinion , is the fact it does n't use any nicoteen , so from the start your body is able to cleanse itself of the cigarette 's most addictive agent .
 I was told I have Emphysema 4 years ago -LRB- mild -RRB- and had to quit smoking immediately . So in the last 4 years I have tried the patch -LRB- twice ... first time I was on them for 2 months ! -RRB- and the various gums , losengers , etc. . All of them get you through the duration while you are taking the product , but when out in the world alone , I was always too easily -LRB- mentally -RRB- tempted to cheat . Cheating led to a month to six month binges and another product was tried . Smoke Away is the only thing that Detoxified me quickly and now I can be around smokers and stress in all settings and have NO DESIRE to `` bum '' a cigarette !! Using the product fully -LRB- phase 2 is just as important -RRB- did the trick for me . TRY IT !!!
 My wife and I almost got divorced because of my wife 's smoking . She smoked 2 packs a day for 20 years . My health was getting worse and the deal was she HAD to quit . -LRB- I 'm highly asthmatic -RRB- She tried everything , we both almost gave up hope and both of us said `` Why not '' let 's try it.Let me scream this for whoever is reading ... IT WORKS . It took less than a week and she is 100 % smoke free.Now she ca n't stand the smell of smoke and took every one of her clothes and washed them to get the stench out.THANK YOU SMOKE AWAY !!!
 I have smoked for 25 years with quitting numerous times . Quit never lasts . With smoke away I quit 4 months ago and it helped me over the hump.You have to want to quit and educate yourself , start at WWW.WHYQUIT.COM . Nicotine lasts in your body for 72 hours , with patches , gum , and inhalers you are putting nicotine in your body and making your cravings worse . Smoke away is a herbal supplement to help you overcome your cravings , with no nicotine . It is a daily job to tell yourself that today you are not going to smoke.Today I have been smoke free for 121 days and have saved $ 595.00 by not buying cigarettes.Smoke Away is a great investment !!!
 This is the greatest product made to help quit smoking . I smoked for 50 years and I have tried them all , but this is the best product I have ever found to help me finally quit .
 After smoking for almost 20 years I quit after the first pill ... could not even look at those nasty cigarettes ... It was 2 years ago and I still don 's smoke . Good luck ! Tatiana
 After 22 years of smoking , and trying to quit too many times to count , I tried this product beginning on 1/25/2005 . It is now 7/20/06 and I remain a non-smoker . I 'm not saying it was an easy thing to do , I certainly needed support and prayers too . But , IT DID work!My husband is now using it to quit smoking . He 's been smoking 1 - 11/2 packs of cigarettes a day for 24 + years now , and has tried numerous times to quit . Now that he is using this product , he has gone without smoking for 10 days ! He is doing quite well , and has confidence that he will continue to be a quitter.You still have to be strong in your resolve to quit smoking , this is n't a miracle drug here ... I do n't believe there is anything out there that will completely take away 100 % of your cravings and desires . If that were the case , what a perfect world we 'd live in , right ?!? But , this WILL HELP you , if you 're ready to help yourself .
 Well I used the product about 2 years ago . Smoke about a pack a day . Used the smoke away and only used the formula 1 for the first 5 days and never touch the formula 2 . Quit for just over 2 years and start to smoke again after a huge fight with the ex-girlfriend . This is the only product that worked for me and I plan on ordering it again . I tell everyone who wants to quit to use this . Who else can say quit in 7 days or your money back . 100 % effective
 my second time trying this product and I was 100 % successful . I havent had a smoke since day two of the plan and havent had a single craving for one .
 I previously used loose green tea from Alvita for years ; then all of a sudden I could n't get it anywhere . I was delighted to find it on Amazons a couple of weeks age . I do n't make a cup of tea ; I make a pitcher of tea . It was most aggravating to tear open tea bags to put in my tea maker . And No , bags do n't do well in the modern tea makers . I have tried many brands of green tea , and I have found Alvita green Tea to suit my taste best . It was shipped within a week . Wonderful ! I certainly will be ordering more .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY MOTHER WHO IS BLIND AND AT 70 YEARS OLD IS LEARNING BRAILLE . IT HAS HELPED HER VERY MUCH AND SHE EVEN CAUGHT UP WITH THE REST OF HER CLASS WHICH WERE A COUPLE OF MONTHS AHEAD OF HER WHEN SHE STARTED . SHE USES IT TO PRACTICE HER LETTERS AND TO SPELL WORDS.THANK YOU
 My grandson is blind so I look for things that are different but can be learning tools at the same time . This fit the bill .
 I 've gone through the gamut with lotions . Ultra healing , intense moisture blah blah blah . Other 's have come close but this takes the cake . My legs get so dry in the winter so that I have little bumps all over . I use this once every 3-4 days after my morning shower and I 'm good for days . My legs are so soft and this smells so good . It 's a little pricey but if you think about how often you apply , it 's worth it . Use this on your feet , elbows , legs , hands or where ever you have trouble dry areas . I 'm a fan for life !
 This massage oil smells so good and works great ! It 's our favorite and we 're so glad we found it ! It 's the BEST !!!!
 I am a mother of 4 children , ages 6-18 months . I have tried almost every lock , and this by FAR is the best lock out there . Yes , the lock is a challenge to open , but that is the point ... and the best part is it 's durability . I have six of these Safety First Flex Locks for almost 7 years and NOT ONE has broken . We moved a year ago to a house with many more cabinets in the kitchens and bathrooms , hence my search for a new lock began . I would have purchased these in the store but I can not find them -LRB- they are not sold in Babies r us , Target , or Walmart . -RRB- I have had a terrible time finding them ... if you can believe it , the manufacturers label is not on any of the ones I have , so I could not identify who made them ! I have scoured the internet for an hour , hunting them down ! So glad to see I can still buy them on-line . The best way I can describe this lock is by comparing it to ` rabbit ears ' . There are 2 zip ties that loop around the knobs and come back down inside the lock . I am guessing the other reviewers were trying to push all 3 buttons at once to open the lock . That would be terribly difficult , but you only need to push 2 buttons to get the lock to loosen on one side -LRB- one ` ear ' . -RRB- The lock would remain hanging off the other knob by the other ear , but that is ok with me - I am getting in to the cabinet temporarily so I am going to re-lock it anyway.I only loosen the left side of the lock to open the cabinets . To do so , I hold the lock in both hands . I push the left bottom button with my left thumb , while simultaneously pushing the middle button with my right thumb . Then - pull on the lock -LRB- while still holding the buttons down , which is easy as I am already clutching the thing with my thumbs against my palms -RRB- and it loosens off the left knob . If you want to remove the lock off the other knob , then you would just repeat the process on the other side . To lock it back I simply close the doors , then slide the bunny ear back over the knob and pull on the end of the zip tie until it is tight on the knob again.I recently bought the newer Safety 1st Push and Snap lock that have a similar ` rabbit ear ' style zip tie but the lock is different ; I guarantee they will be recalled in short order . All 8 I bought are broken - within a month of their purchase . There are many design flaws ... on a couple of them the back falls off , so the little plastic zip tie falls right off the knob ... then they can not be snapped back together . Also the little buttons come off -LRB- a MAJOR choking hazard -RRB- ; both the ` lock ' button on the left clip as well as the button on the right side . If the button on the left clip comes off the whole lock needs to be thrown out , but if the button on the right clip breaks the lock will still work but it can be opened very easily , so you will end up throwing it out as well . Hopefully you will find the plastic buttons before the baby does ! I tried 3 other kinds of slide locks made by different manufacturers with a similar design ... they have one bracket that a long horseshoe shaped sliding clip slides into , but they will not hold doors closed that have knobs . They are great for double doors that have handles -LRB- shaped like coffee cup handles -RRB- but if you have little pull knobs then a sliding lock will not work for you . With very little effort your child will slide the lock right off the knobs.Keeping the doors locked is difficult ; no matter what you buy it should require you to use both hands to open . If you want to keep the kids safe , or keep them out of the TV cabinet , china , medical , chemical , toilet items , arts and crafts , etc. . . get these . They are the best and they will last forever !
 I disagree with previous review !! I am a home preschool and a mother of two so it is very important to me that I have a good lock I can trust.These locks are impossible for a child to open.Once you get in the habbit of having to unlock the cabinet each time I found these to be a breeze , you unlock it so easily and quickly its just the same as if it were never there . Keep in mind I have had these locks for about 3 years now , I have them on every double door cabinet in the entire home.The same locks as well have lasted 3 years going on 4 . . so they are very durrable and long lasting.I would like to note that as with MOST child safety locks when my children turned about 5 they did figure how to unlock them , of course by that age they figure out everything but by that age they knew NOT to go into the cabinet because they were old enough to understand why , so depending on what was in the cabinet . . If this is to lock up something VERY dangerous , sharp tools . . etc and you only have older children ... not recomended . But for babies , and toddlers up to age 5 . . this will work wonders.I am actually going to be buying more right now while on Amazon
 These locks are great . Instead of zipping them ultra tight , I zipped them til they barely slipped over the cabinet knob . Since I 'm a lot stronger than my toddlers there is no way they can pull them off . They work great for keeping the cats out of the cabinets too !
 Yes , I confess it 's a little difficult to open . Not that difficult - it just requires two hands which is kind of a bummer when you 're holding a baby . HOWEVER , this item has a major perk . The loops stretch out pretty wide - wide enough to lock a closet with french style doors . Show me another cabinet lock big enough to handle that . Plus , unless your child is truly determined , you can loosen it just enough that you can slip a loop over one of the knobs one handed . So , it works for me in places where no other cabinet locks will get it done .
 Little kids love to explore . They love to open up doors and find out what is on the other side . They love to move things from place to place . They also love to open cabinets and either hide inside or empty out all of the contents within . About the only way to keep them out is to purchase cabinet locks and Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Lock is one of the best around.The main thing that attracted me to these locks as opposed to others is the fact that , unlike latches , these locks do not require any tools . There is no need to drill a hole in your cabinets , no need for a screwdriver , etc. . The locks come two in a package and they are ready for use immediately . There is no preparation needed.Convenience is nice , and these locks certainly score points in this area . But the bottom line to most consumers is the effectiveness of the locks because even if they are very convenient , they wo n't do much good if they do n't achieve the intended goal . And Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Locks are effective . As long as the flexible lock straps are pulled tightly so there is no `` give '' , then kids will not be able to open the cabinets . Kids will try hard , but they quickly give up when they realize there is no way to get around this lock.I have used different types of cabinet safety locks and Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Lock is one of the better ones . However , there are still a few shortcomings with this product . Probably the greatest shortcoming is the limitations with installation . Because these locks loop around knobs or through handles , they can not be used on cabinets without a knob or a handle . Also , the knobs and/or handles have to be close enough to each other so that the two lock straps can reach all the way to them . If the knobs are too far apart , there will be no way to use these locks . It also takes patience getting used to the procedure to open the lock . You have to press one of the side buttons and the center button at the same time . It sounds simple , but it requires getting used to.Overall , Safety 1st Cabinet Flex Locks are my favorite child safety lock for cabinets . They do have limited use since they will only work on cabinets with knobs or handles located close to each other . But when you factor in the convenience , the fact that no tools are needed , and the inexpensive cost , these child safety locks are hard to beat . They keep little ones out of unwanted places and are easily worth the low price .
 No , this can not be opened with one hand , but that is the beauty of it ! My son figured out the other slide type cabinet locks , but he just leaves this one alone !
 I like it . It was difficult to use at first , but now I can do it really fast .
 I needed to keep our two-year-old out of the fridge . I tried the `` childproof '' locks that are designated for the fridge , the ones that come in two pieces that stick on and then clip together . Those are AWFUL . With a little tugging , your kid can rip them right off and break them . Pointless . This flex lock is meant primarily for side-by-side cabinets , but I figured it would probably also work for our side-by-side fridge/freezer combo , and it does . It 's a good lock if you do n't want to fill your cabinets with screws -LRB- or could n't fill your fridge with screws even if you wanted to ! -RRB- . Contrary to the belief of a select few , it is NOT hard to figure out how to open this lock if you give it an iota of effort . I favor my right , so I hold the middle button down with my right thumb , the left button down with my left thumb , then pull towards my right until the left zip line is completely released . Presto ! I 'm in my fridge in under five seconds . It 's a good lock because it 's too complex for a toddler to figure out and too sturdy for her to break . My only criticism of this particular listing for this item is that you can find it elsewhere online for a MUCH better price . DO look for this particular cabinet lock , DO N'T bother with the newer version - it has a poor reputation for breakability .
 I recently put this lock on the cabinet doors under our kitchen sink . It is very easy for the adults in our house to use . We have tried testing it out by giving both the lock and the cabinet doors a few good tugs -LRB- without pressing the buttons to release it -RRB- . Thus far it seems very sturdy and like it will do the job of keeping our little one out . It seems to be a well made product .
 we 've gone through multiple cabinet locks , and I have found that they are either very difficult to install , or easily broken into by toddlers.This lock , though difficult to use at first , actually keeps my kids out . I do n't use the acutal locking mechanism . I tighten the lock enough so that the kids ca n't get in , but loose enough so that I can slide the loop over the cabinet pull and get into the cabinet.By far , I think this is the most effective system , and nice because i do n't have to drill holes into my cabinets .
 I use this lock for my 2 swinging gate outside in the yard its been 2 years and I just now need to get them replaces due to cracking before they do and I have nothing to use to keep my little one in side the gates . yes they are hard to open but I love that fact . if they are had for me to open its hard for my child and that means I can do more yard work and less running after a child that has left the yard .
 The pens where just like the one use to using that broke after many years of use.They work great and easy to use even with old hands .
 Recovering from a hip fracture , I currently have the need for a cane . When I could n't find the type I wanted in the urban area where I live , my husband suggested Amazon ! And there , of course , I found it.It was very reasonably priced , and MedStock shipped it so fast I was amazed . Its only drawback is that it does n't have soft foam padding on the handle like the ones at the hospital ; I get cramps in my hand if I go any distance with it . But no one was offering that.Overall , the cane is fine , height adjusts very easily , and it 's been a big help to me . I 'll defiinitely shop Amazon if I need similar items in the future .
 Bissell Bathroom Cleaner does a great job in the bathroom ; it simply melts soap scum . It also works better than kitchen cleaners to dissolve grease on the stove top . I love this product ! Currently unavailable ?!
 Gives me a energy boost that makes me feel youngerI think you should write this review if my first response did not satisfy you.sufficient to say I am a repeat customer .
 Great tweezers . Now , if I could only manage to not be so determined ! Obviously there is no rational for a `` user 's manual '' , but conceptually , that might help me quite a bit so that I stop causing wounds . Having the finest of fine hairs is to your disadvantage , but that would apply to any tweezer.Overall , I simply love them and just need not to be so aggressive . These tweezers indeed are very nice and sharp !
 Very sharp ... but this bad boy gets right in there and gets the job done . No more second guessing if you `` got '' that ingrown hair or that splinter.Makes a perfect gift .
 These are very nice , precise tweezers that will get to anything you have that 's under the skin . They do n't do any damage to the surface of the skin ... just get rid of what you do n't want under it . Keep the plastic cover for the tips - they are very sharp !
 I use these for general tweezer needs and find them to be excellent . I have n't yet needed them for a splinter or ingrown hair , but have no doubt that these will work just as well for their actual intended use . I ca n't believe I suffered along all my life with the clumsy tweezers available in drug stores
 We accidentally came across these tweezers while searching online . We 've purchased numerous tweezers and have become frustrated at finding ones that did the job . Our experience with tweezers are that most hairs are too fine to be removed by most of the tweezers , and after time the tweezers become dull and useless.The Tweezerman tweezers out of the box is as sharp as a needle , so be careful . It 's amazing at the hairs it removes that have not pierced the skin as of yet . In addition , if or when they become dull , you can send the tweezers back to the company and they 'll resharpen them for free of charge . Who knows if we 'll ever have the chance to do that but it 's nice to know that the option is there.Why did it take us so long to find these tweezers -- they are simply extraordinary !
 These are great for removing ingrown hairs and splinters . I had an ingrown that was several months old and nothing short of going to the doctor to get it removed was going to work . My waxer recommended these tweezers as a last resort . After a few tries with the tweezerman , I was able to get the hair out . I highly recommend this product to anyone especially if you get ingrowns from waxing or sugaring .
 I bought these after suffering through scads of lame-o drugstore tweezers . The points of these STILL match perfectly even after several accidental drops into the sink . They 're nice and sharp , but not so sharp that you 'll accidentally hurt yourself . And the metal of the tips is just rough enough to get a good grip without serrations . Excellent all around .
 I have had laser treatment on my legs and my hairs have n't fallen off yet . I 'm very frustrated so I decided to get this tweezer in hopes of plucking out the un-fallen hairs . So far so good , but I just need to be able to learn hold it and properly use it . The tips are very sharp . It can go through your skin and pull out the hair . I tried it on an ingrown hair but I 'm not sure what was wrong . Either my hair was too deep to pluck or the tweezer is n't sharp enough to get it.At any rate , I recommend this Tweezer . You can use it to untangle things too ; P
 I 've had a splinter in my hand for quite some time and have n't been able to remove it . I had tried several different tweezers and sewing needles without any luck . I ordered the `` Splintertweeze '' and within 5 minutes of opening the package , I was able to remove that irritating little splinter that I thought was going to be a permanent attachment . Thanks Tweezerman !
 This tweezer works amazing for ingrown hairs , I get plenty in my bikini area and this gets them out with ease
 they were pretty cheaply priced so i figured id try them out because i like the tweezerman brand , they work great for the little strays when you do your eyebrows , also for me at least if you end up with an ingrown hair when you shave your legs , these make it very easy to remove , the tips are sharp enough to penetrate a couple layers of skin if they need to . only downside is , you got ta be careful they kinda bend easily
 I bought these tweezers not for tweezing splinters and the like . I bought these to weed vinyl stickers.I recently purchased a vinyl plotter so I can make my own vinyl decals . I needed a good set of tweezers to weed out the unwanted vinyl from cut designs , and the sharp point on these tweezers work perfectly , especially with very complex designs .
 I find this item as an excellent product . I use it for stuburn ingrown hair and splinters . Also as a tweezer it is great on fine hair .
 I have alway bought Tweezerman brand but I thought I would buy a S *** brand which is more money . I was really disappointed . It did not grab the hair but slid right off each time . So I had found this yellow Tweezerman at amazon ~ so I figured I 'd give it a try . It works every time . I like the precision of it even better than the straight or the slanted tweezer which I also own . Nothing to get in the way of seeing what you are extracting . You do not have to press excessively to get results , just gentle pressure . It is not just for ingrown hair it is an all purpose tweezer tool for wife and me . Will always buy this one and happy it was way less money , too !
 very thin and precise - this tool is great for ingrown hairs , splinters -LRB- aka slivers -RRB- , or similar ailments
 These are by far the best tweezers I 've owned . Would definitely buy another pair if I lost them ! The needle point works well and they save tons of time
 This is a simple but elegant tool . The points come to a sharp and very precise end . It works beautifully for splinters . Comes with a cap to keep the points sharp .
 oh man , i love these things ! so sharp ! i agree the tip is needle-like . these things can pluck anything that exists . a hair too short for other tweezers to get and or too ingrown.i have no had trouble plucking with them -LRB- they are n't just sharp and pokey -RRB- they are functional tweezers with an additional feature.a word of caution , do n't pull them out just before you need to go somewhere ... . you might start digging at something and then have a red mark just as you need to go . I went crazy with them the first time i used them and had a bit of blood in a couple spots , i looked picked on!maybe i 'll have to use restraint next time : -RRB-
 These are definitely the best ones out there . I had the original Tweezerman 's -LRB- which I paid TRIPLE the price for at a big box store -RRB- , and they served me well for many years but the tips broke . So I bought these yellow ones on Amazon , and they work fantastic , even better than the originals . They get even the shortest , tiniest hair out . Just a word of warning , though , they are super sharp , so keep the plastic tip that comes with them . You 're liable to get stabbed if you do n't -LRB- I speak from experience -RRB- .
 These work very well but pretty quickly needed sharpening . I 'm not sure if I did n't use them the right way because I used them for tweezing all eyebrow hairs , not just ingrown hairs .
 I ca n't believe how much I love these . I can not ever be without them now that I have tried them . The tiniest shortest hair is grabbed by these . My skin on my chin and upper lip is so soft and absolutely no hair . Used in conjunction with a magnifying mirror , you will never have any stragglers left on your face . They can pull any length facial hair out . Even if it looks like a speck , it grabs it and removes it . If these were twice the price I would still own them . I have tried everything for facial hair removal and nothing no matter how high tech or costly it is , can remove ALL the hairs on the face except for these tweezers . They have a very precise tip and it grabs anything . Great for splinters as well . I highly recommend these . Best tweezers I have ever owned in my life and I am a senior citizen so I have tried many things over the years .
 These tweezers are definitely very sharp so use with care . They are excellent at removing ingrown and small hairs which would otherwise be impossible to get without leaving a gaping hole behind .
 When you need 'em , you ca n't see to ever find 'em and these tweezers help with that . Who ca n't find a pair of bright yellow tweezers in a cluttered cabinet or drawer ! Good quality product that does what it 's supposed to do and at a good price .
 Best tweezers out there but it sometimes breaks the hair you are trying to tweeze , which is annoying . Be careful because the end , if not protected , gets bent and then does not work at all .
 These are great tweezers and especially for those stubborn hard to get in-grown hairs . Just be aware that they are not great for normal everyday tweezing
 Why are n't tweezers like these more popular ??? Before learning about these I have even attempted to use a pin for releasing ingrown hairs . Somehow the tweezers work better , faster , and do not leave deep scars .
 Inspected thoroughly and I was surprised by the high quality for the price . Would recommend to anyone . Extremely percise ! Must have for extracting splinters or urchin spines .
 I love these they are very sharp and I use them on my eyebrows . I would recommed them to anyone .
 These are the best tweezers I 've ever had . They have a very fine point and require little effort to compress .
 I ca n't believe I was trying to remove ingrown hairs with cheap tweezers from the local drug store ! These are 100x better , very very sharp , and can be very very precise .
 These are amazing . You can grab stubborn hairs days before you can get a grip with &#34; regular &#34; tweezers . I sure hope they last but I did just find that this brand will repair and resharpen them for free so I 'm probably a life long fan now !
 but you hardly ever really need it . the few times that i thought it would come in handy -LRB- small hair that was pushed into skin -RRB- , it didnt really help .
 I have been using these tweezers for a number of years now , and continue to be pleased . They are all one could want in tweezers . Their precision is incredible . The tweezers come to a very fine point , and are capable of pulling anything from small eyebrow hairs to splinters , and anything in between.The only caveat is that you need to be careful with the tip . They are precisely cut , and if dropped on the point it will break or at the very least bend . There is a protective cap , but I think you 're most likely to drop them while your hands are wet , possibly just out of the shower . But , even with that one point I would recommend these to anyone looking for tweezers .
 I bought these tweezers because I had my first experience with what I believed to be in-grown hairs -LRB- looked like blackheads -RRB- , following a series of bikini waxes and laser hair removal . My only info on how to deal with them came from the internet . I was very pleased that these tweezers helped me deal with the issue even though I had little to go on . I did n't have a problem with the tweezers ' sharpness or their ability to grab things , but I 'd recommend keeping close track of the plastic cap that covers the sharp ends . For those who are new to in-grown hairs like me , my technique was essentially to scrape at the black head of infected hair , and actually stick these tweezers in the hair follicle and grab until I got a hold of something and then pull . Sorry if this review is gross !
 After several rounds of painfully mashing away at my face with Drug store tweezers and a sewing needle trying to get out tiny ingrown beard hairs , I got a pair of these . Each ingrown hair I 've attacked with these tweezers is out in under 30 seconds - it 's sooo much easier to isolate the right hair now - and I 'm not ripping out the surrounding hairs by mistake anymore .
 To be totally honest , I decided on a more preventative approach than cure . I used a facial scrubber to -LRB- one of those facial washes with the grains -RRB- to lift the hairs after shaving . I did this twice a day . In order to prevent dryness , I had to use a moisturizer . Once I started to get rid of the in grown hairs , I started using the scrubber just once a day and continued to moisturize . When I just started however , this tweezer worked wonders in lifting those difficult hairs .
 I absolutely LOVE this product . I have been looking for the perfect tweezers for many years , and now I have found it . I am going to be getting more of this product ... maybe even the whole collection . The tips are so precise ... just last night I got a sliver out of my daughters hand . It was so easy ! I also use this to extract pimples/blackheads with ease . Also , the price is amazing . Other tweezers cost more and do n't even work as well ... And they bend easily . Not this product ... no bending . Plus , it 's guaranteed .
 These tweezers work great . You can be very accurate and get to the hair easily .
 Wow , they are n't kidding -- these are a splinter 's worst nightmare ! They are very fine-pointed and sharp , so be careful , but it definately does the job .
 They are great for stubborn ingrown hairs . I never have seen my boyfriend become possesive with any grooming tools before , but he hated for anyone else to use them ! Definelty 2 thumbs up , great tweezers I must say , they worked on my boyfriend and he has some really course and thick facial hair .
 Great product for getting ingrown hairs or small thorns out . Very sharp points . Comes with rubber cover that is best to hang on to and replace onto tips to protect them from bending . Great product !
 For ingrown hair removal , this is a must-have tool . Also would make a good addition to any first aid kit . Ideal for things like tick removal too .
 These are simply the highest quality tweezers I have ever seen or used . This particular model has precision ground sharp points , which are designed to penetrate the skin 's surface and pull out ingrown hairs . With a little practice , you will find that these work excellent . This item is well constructed , cleans up easily and should last a very long time . Tweezerman includes a lifetime sharpening deal in the package . Tweezers like these should be kept away from little ones , as the points are needle sharp . They come with a protective cover for the end , which is good to prevent accidental impalement , especially if you put them in a pocket . If you need regular tweezers , look into the other Tweezerman products , such as the slant end type , which have the same high quality and excellent warranty . A great item at a fair price - definitely recommended .
 these tweezers are good for just about tweezing anything ... very precise and not much more i can say ... they do what they 're supposed to do ... the ONLY thing that could make them better is if they had a `` grippy '' section where you hold it ... have found no better tweezers anywhere !
 These tweezers are just great !! Finally found the perfect tweezers for those coarse , hard to pull ingrown hairs . I highly recommend this product .
 My daughter and I both use an epilator so ingrown hairs are an issue . I bought these tweezers for me a couple years ago . They keep disappearing to my daughter 's bathroom so I recently bought her a pair . I am a bit clumsly and have dropped these a few times onto my slate floor . The tips bend easily . They no longer `` tweeze '' like they did originally , but still work for loosening ingrown hairs then I remove with the regular tweezers .
 Nothing much to say other than great product if you have any type of facial hair needing to be removed -LRB- that 's all i use it for -RRB- .
 I agree with the previous reviewer ... these tweezers are great to lift ingrown facial hair buried in the skin , because of their `` needle-like '' tips . I also follow up with a flat tweezer to remove the hair completely.When I tried to use this pair , the hair either broke , or I could not get a good grip.That 's not a problem , and does not affect my rating for them ... because they do their job.My only regret is that I did not buy them years ago . I would probably have less scarring from digging out ingrown hairs with other needles/tweezers . Great buy
 When first bought , this tool is so exact and precise . It picks at really hard to get hairs . The only problem is , because its so thin at the tip , it does n't last that long . After a year , the tips get weak .
 This product does extactly what it says it does . Buy this item for those ingrown hair problems you may have trouble with . This is really great if you need to `` dig '' those troublesome ingrown hairs that are stuck right under the surface . I thought this product would of cause me pain or make me bleed by `` digging '' for those hairs , but no . It looks like since the hair is right under the surface of your skin it is painless to get them out . I will warn you to be careful since the ends of the tweezerman are very sharp . So make sure you do n't stab yourself , because you will . I just wish I bought this products a couple of years ago . I use to use the little scissors attachment from a small swiss army knife . It worked great but since these tweezers have pointy ends it is much faster and easier .
 I have very sensitive skin , especially around my eyes . For years , wearing makeup has tended to create infected eyelashes , even though I gave up mascara years ago , so I am regularly looking in a magnifying mirror with a pair of tweezers trying to extract the offending lash . The tip of my finest-tipped tweezers had gotten dull and my vision was n't getting any better , so I was looking for a pair of new fine-tipped tweezers and came across these.I have been VERY pleased with these tweezers . As other reviewers have mentioned , the tips are very sharp -LRB- they come with a cap for safety -RRB- , so they can hone right in on a single lash -LRB- or ingrown hair -RRB- quite easily . My only complaint -LRB- and the only reason I gave the tweezers 4 stars vs. 5 -RRB- is the same one that others have made -- it can be difficult to grasp the hair or lash and get enough hold on it to pull it out . This is because only the very TIP of the tweezers come together -- from there , they bow out -- making it difficult to get a good grip . However , now that I 've been using the tweezers for a month or so , this is much less of a problem . It 's just a matter of learning how to use this tweezer to its best advantage -LRB- at least that was the case for me -RRB- . Recommended for those with recurring ingrown hairs , lashes , etc. .
 I use these tweezers for ingrown hairs all over my body , and they work wonderfully . They 're great for probing under the skin for hairs that have turned back into the follicle and started growing under the skin . The only drawback is that the points are VERY sharp , so they can cut the skin pretty deeply , causing scabbing and possibly scars .
 We 've purchased several so-called needle-tipped tweezers ; always to come away disappointed . Either the tips did n't meet perfectly or were too wide -LRB- not a true needle-tip -RRB- or they were flimzy . This is not a good situation to be in when you 're attempting to pull a tiny glass-shard out of your foot as was the case with me recently . The shard was so tiny my wife could n't even see it but I sure could feel it ! We had a lousy set of tweezers and gave up with them she had to come up with a `` plan B '' . THIS pair , however , is perfectly aligned , needle-tipped and strong . I definitely recommend this model/brand tweezer and will be revisiting Tweezerman for our future Tweezing needs as well . A little more costly but , alas , sometimes you need to `` get what you pay for '' .
 These are great for splinters and ingrown hairs . However , my fiancee -LRB- who I bought them for -RRB- has trouble getting a hold of the hairs because the point is so fine . I dont have any trouble with them though . Thats why I gave them a 4 star instead of 5 because they may be difficult to use for some .
 I happened to run across these tweezers when looking for something else online . I quickly realized these would meet a purpose at home - besides ingrown hairs , they 're excellent for pulling splinters and , a problem for me , nails that splinter on my hands and feet . Besides a regular pair of blunt edge tweezers , every home should have a pair of these around for those problems that the blunt edge tweezers just ca n't handle . The tips are just as sharp as they look so you do want to keep the little rubber tube over them when not in use to avoid accidental sticks . Well made , these are worth the price !
 I must say I 'm a picker . I pick my face & constantly pluck hairs from every where . These tweezers are awesome . They get the tiniest hairs .
 These Tweezerman tweezers are hands down the best tweezers I have ever used . Incredible accuracy and can penetrate spots where deep ingrown hairs lie . I was skeptical at first about spending $ 10 on a pair of tweezers , coming from spending less than a couple of dollars for past tweezers but they are fully worth it and it is available for a great price here on Amazon . I highly recommend them .
 These are very nice , great for getting out ticks ! Really sharp tips and great edge on the end . the end isnt round like I thought it was .
 Like some of the other reviews , I , too have bought every tweezer in the drugstores trying to find the most perfect one that WORKS . These are the BEST tweezers ever
 This is a Perfect Precision Grooming Tool . Incredibly fine point makes removing the smallest hair possible . Easy to use . Great Price . Quality Item .
 These are very well made tweezers . They are fairly solid and are precisely machined . If they were just a bit thicker they would be perfect in my book .
 These must be one of the best , if not the best Ingrown Hair Tweezers i have ever bought i would recommend these they are great , once again I thank Amazon .
 I bought a second set for my frequent out of town trips ... They work great and have sharp ends that help pull out ingrown hairs vs the typical tweezers with blunt ends . No issues or complaints ...
 The tweezers are perfectly aligned . The tips are intentionally not needle sharp - you can tell the needle tips were ground flat after the alignment process . This is not at all a problem , because the tips still easily get under the skin to get ingrown hairs out.It is fairly difficult to get a good grip on hair with these , but that 's not what these are really for ! These are best used to get stuff that is under the skin to a point where a wider tipped tweezer can grab the thing and get it out . See , they are great at getting just under the skin and working items out from under the skin so they are poking out of the skin far enough so they can then be grabbed using a tweezer made for easy grabbing and pulling . I use a slanted tip tweezerman tweezer to easily grab stuff once it 's poking out enough after using these ; the process works well.Don ' t buy these expecting them to fill all your tweezing needs , and you wo n't be disappointed . These fill a specific role very well , but are not as good at other tasks like easy grabbing and plucking .
 Tweezerman is a great company that I totally love and trust!These are SHARP ! VERY SHARP ! They definitely do the trick , I promise you ! Along with proper exfoliating before shaving , I 've had to use these tweezers less and less but they work well for those ingrown hairs you just ca n't get rid of!And remember , tweezerman sharpens your tools for free -LRB- all you have to pay for is shipping -RRB- .
 Very pointy ! Great for getting a little deeper for those ingrown hairs . Good quality . I hope I got mine as sharp as they 're supposed to be though because the shield was pierced and the tweezers were poking out past them .
 So far I 've only used these twice . Once for removing a splinter , and once for removing an ingrown hair . Never have these usually painful processes been so easy , simple and actually painless .
 These are the greatest tweezers I have found . They are like harpoons and really help get deep when you need to
 And I really mean the best . These tweezers take the drama out of plucking ingrown hairs . Just makes it an extremely easy , drama-free task unlike other - cheaper - tweezers.Would buy again .
 This is a great product ! I have had for one year ; I use them almost every day and they work like the first day I had them . My only complaint is that the paint is starting to chip/scrape away . Next time , I would get tweezers without paint .
 These tweezers are great for ingrown hairs . They work best to work out the hair you 're after , although sometimes I need to bust out my heavy-duty TM tweezers to actually get the whole hair out . The tips are so tiny and precise that it can be difficult to get a grip sometimes but I 've never used a pair that worked so well to loosen up the ingrown hair .
 These are the best tweezers that I have purchased for ingrown hairs . They feel sturdy ... . they feel like you are holding steel . They are sharp , and can dig in and grip hairs hiding under the skin without inflicting too much collateral damage .
 A bit pricey - but - beautifully made , easy to handle . It should last for many years . The handle is coated , and appears to be non-slip - worth the price '
 Ever get a splinter that is buried in your skin so you have to dig at it with sewing needle before tweezing it out ? Not with these tweezers . They are the needle and tweezers in one -LRB- sterilize these with rubbing alcohol when using this way -RRB- . The points are sharp and they will get to what is under your skin . Use them from the side to pull object out . Great value !
 I had been suffering from some in-grown beard hairs for the last couple of years -LRB- not realizing it was due to using a cartridge razor with eleventy blades in it -RRB- that were really frustrating to deal with &#34; normal &#34; tweezers . -LRB- I 've switched to wet shaving with a safety razor and hopefully wo n't need this very often , but very happy with them anyway . -RRB-
 I was n't sure if these would be fine enough for very delicate things , like removing splinters , but these tweezermans have such a fine point that you can literally penetrate your skin with the tip without feeling it . Highly recommended .
 bought this over a year ago for $ 7.03 and I ca n't find this item for under $ 9 anymore . Due to the sharpness , I have poked myself several times . Overall , it works well without haste . By the way , I bent it slightly and it is now useless .
 I am a fervent gardener , and consequently have more than my share of tiny splinters lodged in my fingers . These tweezers are the best possible way to remove them , with the help of a good magnifying glass , of course.I ca n't think of one way they might be improved .
 I purchased these from Amazon - at less than half of the local price for the same product from the same maker - and am very pleased with them . The tips are extremely fine , yet strong enough to lift out a splinter easily the first time . I purchased them pretty much for such purpose . I 'm not a professional but appreciate a good quality tool . -LRB- My earlier tweezers were `` stolen '' by a security guard in Ecuador who decided I was a danger to an airplane if I kept my tweezers . -RRB- My order came promptly as scheduled.I would recommend these to anyone who wants a high quality tweezer at a very reasonable cost .
 Purchased as a gift for my husband . Works very well , he is very pleased . The sharp stainless steel tips are perfect for ingrown hairs .
 It is very good product !! Great for ingrown hair and for any other epilation really , better than any other . I 'm buying a new one because I let mine fall and now it does n't work anymore -LRB- of course -RRB- Well , great product , love it .
 Great product . Works well . Happy with the product , and the price I paid for it . Told several friends about this .
 functions as it should . it is a simple device , and does not cause problems . still looking for the perfect tweezer , though . seller 's product was as was described and promptly shipped .
 Exactly what I needed . Helps get ingrowned hair out even when exfoliation ca n't in legs , armpits and eyebrows . 100 % recommended !
 These are super sharp with a very fine point . These are full size tweezers , a bit longer than what I typically see sold in the drug store . People need to use caution when using these tweezers , they are very sharp .
 awesome for ingrown hairs without damaging your skin , have n't used it for splinters yet at this point , however I 'm sure it would be awesome for that too .
 Very well made and you wont regret spending a little on these . They are very precise . Even though the tips are very small , the grip at the tips is very tight . I was able to get a metal splinter out that I have had for a few months now ... I couldnt even cut it out before I got this tweezer . These will last me for years .
 I use this all the time , more than I thought I would . I use it for ingrown facial hairs . I 'm very happy with it personally . Works well . I 'm able to dig hairs out , grab them , and pull them out without causing a lot of damage . The vast majority of the time it works flawlessly . Rarely it may break the hair , or you may have a hair that 's hard to grasp -LRB- usually because it 's very short -RRB- . It 's a very sharp precise fine tipped tool . If you have trouble with such a precise tool than maybe it is n't for you . Just have a look at the product shot , it 's exactly what you 'd expect it to be . It 's well made also , I do n't foresee it going bad anytime soon .
 These tweezers really get the job done . They are extremely sharp and have an almost surgical precision to them . The tip pressure is perfect , so you will never have to grab a hair more than once . The free , lifetime sharpening is a plus , too .
 I really love this tweezer ! It 's like having a tiny pair of needlenose pliers for your personal grooming . The design allows you to carefully pluck just that one hair that 's messing up the line of your brow . I highly recommend this product .
 These will do the job , excellent quality , readily available , easy to locate item on the web .
 These tweezers are great for getting out any ingrown hairs . I am sure they will also be great for splinters .
 THEY ARE YELLOW . THEY ARE SHARP . THEY ARE VERY POINTY . THEY TWEEZE . THEY HAVE A CAP FOR THE POINTY END . THEY SIT IN MY MED CABINET IN MY WOOD SHOOP . WOW .
 These are my favorite tweezers . Perfect for eyebrows and ingrown hairs . You need to grip hairs JUST right to prevent breakage , but it 's easy enough to learn . The tips are super sharp.When I accidentally dropped my pair on the tile floor in the bathroom , the points bent out of true straight and no longer worked . I mailed them to Tweezerman , who does the repairs and then bills you . They accidentally double billed me . When I asked for clarification , they apologized , waived the fee entirely , and sent my tweezers back all nice and sharp !
 I wish this came a day sooner to help get an ingrown out but when it did arrive i was able to pluck the ingrown easily . Much better than typical tweezers . I get a lot of ingrowns so i needed a tweezers that would get those fine hairs that i could see but couldnt pluck with other tweezers . These do the job great . Be very careful because they have a very fine point . I did notice they sell these at Bed Bath Beyond -LRB- use your 20 % coupon -RRB- .
 This tweezer has made the process of removing my boyfriend 's ingrown hairs less painful . It makes it easier to `` dig '' the hair out without burying a hole in his neck like with the regular tweezers lol I wish I had researched it sooner .
 Easy to remove ingrown hair . However , hair follicles get red afterward , not the product 's fault , I 'm still getting used it . Highly recommended .
 These are high quality tweezers . Thats about all I can say . They work well , but they are very shap/pointy .
 This tweezer has the finest point of any tweezer I 've ever used ... It really does a good job when it 's time to get really thorough in your grooming and need to pick at really fine hairs ... However there are a few issues that keep me from loving it ... 1 - the point of this tweezers are fine and slender ... in fact at times they are TOO fine ... sometimes I end up cutting/breaking a hair instead of pulling it out which defeats its purpose and its frustrating ... 2 - These are REALLY sharp ; the little plastic cap this comes with is not good enough to protect you if somehow you push it on too hard ... And 3 - the tips are very easily bent , if you drop it and it happens to hit something it 's pretty much unusable after that ... I 'm not sure if you can send them back to Tweezerman to be fixed?All in all these are a good buy but I would definitely advise buying more than one at a time so you always have a back-up ... Happy plucking
 This is a great concept and works most of the times ! But other times , it breaks the hair and even causes bleeding if you have sensative skin ! Would not recommend it for sensative skin ...
 This tweezer works great !! the tips are super sharp and can get even the most dug in splinter or hair out with ease ! They are easy to hold onto and brightly colored so that I can find them easily . I really like them a lot .
 It 's great at digging hairs out from underneath skin , but not so good at grasping hairs once they have emerged . It tends to break them off instead of pulling them out by the root . That 's problematic , because you are supposed to remove ingrown completely -- meaning I have to use these to get the hair , and then another , duller pair to remove it : -RRB-
 I ca n't believe I got to my 30s before I found out this tool existed . If you 've got an OCD streak about ingrown hairs , like me , this little guy will be your new best friend ! Just wish I 'd known about it sooner !!! Quality-wise , it 's great , but then again I do n't have a point of comparison there .
 I wear contacs and I will get these extremely fine eyelashes that grow under my eyelash line and poke/irritate my eyes . I can only see these eyelashes with a flashlight , they 're so fine . They slip between any tweezers I 've ever used . But THESE tweezers were my lifesaver . They grip even the finest hair . You wo n't be sorry .
 Amazing !! These tweezers are just amazing ! Worth every penny ! The difference between these tweezers and ones you get as part of some grooming set are night and day .
 The tweezers are perfect for getting splinters out , which was our primary goal ! They are now kept in our First Aid kit and travel with us to the beach and park . Thanks for a great product .
 My first go with these made me nervous -- but after a few hairs , I got the hang of them . Now they 're my favorites !
 These are wonderful . Nice sharp matching points . Handle has wide area that makes it very easy to hold steady . Pulls the splinter right out . Will order another set to have one in the garage and one in the house .
 I purchased these tweezers to remove slivers and other tiny things embedded in my extremities . Unless the tweezers come to a sharp point , forget about getting the object out without digging a big hole around it .
 this product is so high quality it is dangerous in the wrong hands!very well built , very sturdy , very sharp . definitely keep out of reach of children .
 These are the best tweezers you can buy on the consumer market . No questions asked . They are ridiculously precise and sharp to a point where you can easily hurt yourself . Every other pair of tweezers will go right in the trash after you use these . The Tweezerman company seems to believe in their product as they offer lifetime sharpening and repair . Be careful not to drop these though ... The steel tip is very brittle and will crack easily . The warranty does not cover dropping , but they do come with a rubber cover for the tip . If you keep them clean and off the floor they should last a very long time .
 Had a cyst on the bottom of my top eyelid for coupla years . Attempted unsuccessfully several times to remove with a needle . These tweezers did the job . Was able to grasp and penetrate the cyst resulting in puss removal . The tweezers is very sharp , precise and high quality .
 I just used these for the first time and am amazed at how well they got out the ingrown hairs . I 'd been considering them but really did n't think they would be that much better than other methods of getting out ingrown hairs - but I was wrong - these are so much better.Yes , they do pierce the skin a bit , but that 's how you get out hairs that are ingrown . Using these is so much more delicate than any other way I 've tried , and faster and more effective . I agree with others that these may not be the best for actually plucking hairs from the root -LRB- though you can do it with a bit of maneuvering -RRB- - but that is n't a drawback for me because that is n't the point of these tweezers . The point of these is to extract ingrown hairs from under the skin . Once they are out you can then use regular tweezers to pull the hair out if you are having trouble using these - and this helps save the tips of these so they stay the necessarily sharp .
 These tweezers are the greatest idea ! If anyone has ever had a whisker or an eyebrow that has become stuck under your skin and becomes painful , or a splinter in your hand or finger , these will do the trick . The have a long needle like tip that allow you to get into the skin without digging like a needle has you do . You just need to make sure you sterilize them before and after you use them . My husband loves these for whiskers he could n't get out before , and my son was amazed the other day how easily the got out a splinter in his finger . I would highly recommend these to anyone that needs to get an annoying foreign object causing pain or infection out from under your skin . These are reasonably price , and worth every penny of it .
 Excellent for removing ingrown hairs . You have to be mindful of where you grab the hair though . If you grab too high , the hair will break . So , I learned to adjust my grip and grab the hair using the wider part of the tweezer and it works out fine . Because the point is so sharp , you have to be careful not to jab yourself or you will be a good bit of bleeding so I found out the hard way . I definately recommend them to anyone who has problems with ingrown hairs .
 This is by far the most impressive ingrown hair tweezer that I have ever used . The tip is perfectly pointed and equally sharp , which is required for precise removal . Perfect !!
 I frequently get ingrown hairs on my neck from shaving every day . These do a great job of digging them out . High quality , you definitely get what you pay for .
 This is by far the best tweezer I 've ever purchased . I 'm an Esthetician and do a lot of waxing this product pretty much leaves no hair unreachable . I purchased this years ago and it looks the same now as back then .
 I finally bought a pair of these after years of trying to get ingrown hairs out the old-fashioned way , with a needle and conventional tweezers . These things are perfect . I can just go straight in and in one or two attempts I can pull it right out , with no other tools and far less damage to the skin than the old way . The sharpness and gripping ability seem just about perfect to me
 If you too battle with those stubborn ingrown hairs then here is the answer ! Make sure to be careful with these tweezers because they are sharp , but will uncover the hair and allow you to retrieve the hair . You will not be sorry !
 This is great for small hairs , or ingrown hairs . It has a small mouth for this exact reason , not meant for plucking lots of hairs , use a thicker opener.tweezerman is a great brand and never dissapoints . there a little expensive , but worth the price !
 I have suffered from ingrown hair for years with my course hair so I was thrilled to find a tweezer made especially for this . Tweezerman is a high quality tool . I highly recommend it .
 As always Tweezerman tweezers do the job . I love how pointed and sharp these tweezers and it makes them great for ingrown hair . The sharp tips allows you to pierce the bump and force the hair free . Although these are more expensive than your regular run of the mill tweezers , they are definitely worth it .
 Have never owned such a good pair of tweezers before and have bought plenty in cosmetic departments over the years . So happy I learned of these . They take a little getting used to , but once you do , they 're great . Thank you for such a good product .
 This product works exactly as advertised , and I 'm very happy with it . The ends of the tweezers are very sharp , making them perfect for extracting ingrown hairs or splinters without scarring . Like all sharp implements , you should protect the pointed ends -LRB- with the included cover -RRB- when not using in order to preserve sharpness .
 These are quality tweezers suitable for both cosmetic endeavors and miniature hobby projects . As with many fine tools , there is a trade-off . The extremely narrow tips are prone to damage if used aggressively . Perhaps Tweezerman should cryogenically treat the metal to increase their yield strength.Regardless of the quality of the material , the suggestion that these tweezers be used to extract ingrown hairs is bad medicine . Do n't try to address the problem with any tweezers . Academic research and common sense indicate that ingrown hairs should be left alone or treated medically . To prevent the problem in the first place , use an electric razor and accept a not-so-close shave .
 These tweezers are very sharp and easy to use for removing ingrown hairs . The tip is almost needle thin , I do not recommend these tweezers unless you have a fairly steady hand . Excellent purchase !
 I have had my angles tweezerman 's for a few years and finally decided to try the ingrown hair ones . Thats really the main reason i use them and let me stress how awesome these are.I was able to pull out hairs that were barely visible with little to no work . These are keepers and id rather use these instead of regular tweezers .
 I think these are excellent tweezers . The only thing you have to be careful of when you use them is that they are very sharp . I have actually accidentally sliced my finger open with them . But they are great tweezers and work great for removing ingrown hair . Great for splinter removal also . Just be careful of the sharp points when you use them .
 I now own tweezer man tweezers , the nail grooming kit , and these ingrown hair tweezers . I will never own another pair of tweezers owned by anybody . I wish I knew about this brand years ago . They make all my old tweezers seem as dull as a butterknife . Anyway , these ingrown hair tweezers are no different . Now when my husband has an ingrown hair on his head I pull only the problem hair and not a patch on his head . I know he appreciates them . Because they are so pointy and sharp , keep them where a child ca n't reach .
 I like this product . I have used it before and that is why I have reordered them .
 I like the product . The materials used seem to be of good quality . It is what I had expected .
 Tweezerman is the GREATEST tweezer there is , you ca n't beat it !
 Tweezerman is not the perfection -LRB- i gave it 8 out of 10 -RRB- The problem with Tweezerman that whenever you start using it , you will get addicted to use it in such a way you destroy your facial looking somehowbut in general , it is way better than the normal tweezersThe shipment delivery was fast -LRB- about 1 week - 10 days -RRB- to Sweden , which is away faster than the ones on ebaythe shipment fees is really expensive relative to other couriers on other websites , like ebay
 I 'm on my third set of these tweezers in five months -LRB- one yellow , two stainless steel -RRB- . First , I am so impressed by these tweezers and their ability to pull hair close to the skin - hair so short that I have to be using a 15x magnification mirror to really know they are there . However , there are problems with having tweezers with such fine tips . The first is that the ends are easily damaged and warped . With my first pair -LRB- the yellow -RRB- , one of the tips was damaged and the tips could not grip correctly . I did not throw them or drop them . I think they probably reached me slightly crooked and I did n't notice until the product could n't grip . After the bad experience , I swore off of Tweezerman because I had only had the yellow tweezers that warped for six weeks . I searched and searched and could not find any tweezers that were as good at plucking fine hairs . I spent a lot of money on products that were junk . All the other tweezers broke the hair and/or left me with ugly red marks . So , I bought another pair of Splintertweeze . The second pair was great . I plucked and plucked and everything came out cleanly until the day they did n't . After two months , the tips were dull and each and every hair that I pulled broke at the skin . I ordered the third pair and they pull wonderfully . So here is the thing , these are fabulous for getting thin and short hairs but they will entail investment . Tweezerman supposedly provides free sharpening and once my third pair becomes dull -LRB- I give them four more weeks -RRB- , I will send the three off as a set . Again , for fine hairs , these tweezers can not be beat . It is just incredibly annoying to have to keep purchasing new pairs.This product is made in India .
 I have very thick curly facial hairs and I often try to pick out ingrown hairs . My first concern prior to ordering was that these tweezers would not be strong enough to grasp the hairs because they are so fine . I was immediately impressed on my first try . All the way to the tip I was able to grasp and pull with precision . Not even having to apply huge pressure like I did with normal tweezers . THAT was a SHOCK and a gratifying appreciation for someone with my thick course hair.Do be careful as they are sharp . Also fragile since I recently dropped my pair in the plastic sheath . It deflected the tips a little when I need to get repaired or buy a new one but that 's my fault.Update
 These tweezers work great , I have been searching for 15 yrs . for product that satisfied me . I have tried probably a dozen pairs and none seemed to last very long or allow me to get ahold of my fine facial hairs that grow wild where I least expect them to be . The older I get the harder it is to see and grab them and the more I seem to be getting them . It has a comfortable grip to it , which is also important do to my authritis in my hands / I am so glad I bought 3 pair , for home , for travel , and I gave one to my mother as a suprise -LRB- she likes hers too -RRB- yes I would buy this item again.Tweezerman Stainless Steel Ingrown Hair Splintertweeze
 These tweezers take out the shortest , tiniest of hairs . When paired with my 15x magnification mirror there is not a stray eyebrow that is safe from being plucked ! Just be careful , I left it sitting out one day and accidentally punctured my finger with it , ouch ! Some reviewers say they have difficulty pulling/grabbing hair with these tweezers , but I never have a problem - I think the trick is to hold the tweezers more parallel to your face and pull in the direction of hair growth.The price on amazon is really good too - I have seen it at big box stores for between $ 17 to $ 22 , and currently on amazon it 's only $ 11 ! If you have amazon prime you can get free shipping and save yourself the gas it would have taken to drive to the store , win-win !
 These tweezers are the ones you need if you have a splinter . Well made , pointy to get at what you want . Tips touch well .
 These Tweezerman tweezers are very precise and able to catch even very fine eyebrow hairs with ease . I definitely recommended this item .
 In all reality , I am simply wanting to add another 5-star rating to these tweezers . There is not much left to be said that has n't been said already . They work great , they are very very sharp and come with a rubber tip cover . They are very comfortable to hold and use since they are nice and wide where you hold them . The yellow color is not unattractive at all . They really do a great job pulling hairs and even digging out foreign matter under the skin . Do n't forget to sterilize them before going digging!Thanks to all of the Amazon.com reviewers out there that help everyone make informed buying decisions . It 's so nice to read about real people using products and giving real feedback .
 The tips of these things are like SHARP needles , and they are perfect for `` isolating ingrown hairs '' beneath the skin . Like the other reviewer , I found it difficult at times to pluck hairs using the needle-like tip of the tool.The trick is to use the flat area of the tweezer , located just `` before '' the tips are tapered into points ; from there you can grip the hair well enough to pluck it . It 's enough of a hassle that I ordered a pair of Tweezerman 's slanted-cut tweezers to do the `` heavy lifting '' plucking , and will use these for the precision work -LRB- that is , isolating the hair or splinter or bullet fragment . -RRB- Make certain you keep the clear-plastic tube that covers the tips in the packaging . You will need something to keep from poking things as you retreive or sanitize them . I skewered the tube the first time I tried to use it to cover the tips , so I need to find some kind of alternative sheath for travel.Anyway , I 've had them almost a month and I 'm very impressed at how well they hold their edge . The packaging material promises Tweezerman will gladly grind -LRB- re-sharpen -RRB- the tips for free -- you only pay postage . They 're replace a broken or `` soiled '' tool for a flat $ 5 + postage , FWIW .
 Ca n't believe I did n't check Amazon 's price first . I paid nearly twice this price locally to get these , and I now have 3 pairs
 i absolutely love these tweezers . they are extremely sharp which allows for precision removal of splinters and ingrown hairs . i also use it for eyebrow grooming because the fine point allows for single lash removal . -LRB- helps prevent pulling out too many at a time and creating a disaster -RRB- I have just ordered my third pair of these tweezers because I ca n't live without them!as stated below , the tweezers do not come with instructions . Thank goodness my education prepared me for the complicated task of using this tool ... If you do n't know how to use tweezers , you should probably stay away from this product . it is extremely sharp !
 For guys that have curly facial hair , this is a must because of the ingrown hairs that eventually occur . I will often get these on my neck and this product has been perfect for quickly and easily removing those . The tweezers are wide and secure in my hand which allow more control in the process . Before buying these I would sometimes have to use a straight pin along with regular tweezers to access the ingrown hair . The tips of this product are so fine that I no longer need to jab at my neck with a pin . Also if I catch a hair that has just begun to grow back under my skin , these will easily lift those out before it becomes a problem . However , if you are bleeding , make sure you stop that first because I have found these tend to lose grip when the hair and or tweezers are a little slick from blood . Do n't they all?The interior portion does not have any ridges but has been machined in such a way that it provides excellent grip when the hair is dry . Since the tips are so fine it can sometimes be hard to grasp those properly but when you do , one pull is all that 's needed . For splinters , these are a must ! Even with a little bleeding these have done the job very quickly and without causing anymore damage to the surrounding skin.I would warn you that if your hands shake these are probably not the best tweezers to purchase . Since they are so precise , you have to be as well . The tips on these things are needle-like . You need a steady hand and good hand/eye coordination and for obvious reasons , do n't use these anywhere around your eyes . For me , they have proven invaluable but I realize these tweezers might not be the best choice for everyone . If these do n't work great for you , it will very likely be the operator , not the product . I do n't even attempt to tweeze hairs if I have the coffee jitters .
 I purchased a pair of these tweezers to help me fix a very delicate gold chain necklace that had gotten tangled . No other tool in the house was effective , but once I got these , I was able to fix the necklace very easily.What makes these tweezers so great is that they have a sharp tip that is very good at holding on to whatever it grabs . They also hold their shape -LRB- i.e. they do n't bend -RRB- like other tweezers do . I use these tweezers now for all my `` tweezing '' needs.I think everyone should have a pair of these tweezers on hand .
 This is great for getting that little tiny sliver that is deep in there and just wo n't come out.It wo n't work well for larger things , because the jaws are , by necessity , very narrow and therefore ca n't grip very hard . So , you 'll want a regular tweezer too.Also , keep it in the original package to protect the tip . I dropped one and the little sharp points on the tip bent , so I had to buy another .
 About two weeks ago I got a very small metal splinter embedded in one of my fingers when I picked up an old office magnifying glass that had a corroded metal trim piece.I used my conventional tweezers and managed to break off a piece , leaving an even smaller piece that I could hardly see still in my finger . My conventional tweezers could only push it further into my flesh , so I quit trying to get it out.It was n't doing any harm , surrounded by upper skin layers , so I looked for the best tweezers I could find and ordered these.I got them a few days ago at work and within a few minutes I had that teeny tiny splinter out of my finger . These are great !
 I bought these tweezers for removing ingrown hairs that did not come out after I shaved . My regular flat tweezers were not pointed enough to grab them.This product 's graphic yellow design makes it more eye-catching than your traditional stainless steel model . I realize the tips have to come to a point to pull splinters or small hairs , but these ended up being a little too sharp . There does n't end up being enough surface area sometimes to easily grab what your trying to take out.Overall , I like the tweezers and would recommend them .
 I thought twice about spending so much for a pair of tweezers , but I decided to go for it after so many years of blunt tweezers that could n't easily get small splinters . To my delight , these tweezers were just what I have always wanted . They are needle sharp , have perfectly alligned points , and can reach anything small . I presume they would be good for ingrown hairs , but I will use them for tiny splinters . One warning
 Work brilliantly , you do have to be careful with them as they are very sharp though . Definitely worth the money .
 I love these tweezers . I have always have had a problem with ingrown eyebrow hairs , but using these have reduced that problem .
 This is not the tweezers you use everyday - this one is meant to break the skin , like for an ingrown hair or for a splinter . It comes with good directions about safety and cleaniness and certainly does the job in getting under the skin . I have n't tried it on a splinter yet but will the next time my grandchildren give me the opportunity .
 But once you get the precision down these are another great item as expected from Tweezerman . Like twee-zing with two needles !
 I have alot of ingrown hairs and have bought about 6 different tweezers in my life . These Tweezerman 's are the best . Even my fiance uses them for her hair removal needs ! A little about me , 30 year old male half Greek and half American . The Greek half is why I am super hairy . lol
 It acts as a needle and tweezers . He loves them and they are very easy to use . Very good tweezers
 Conveniently enough , just about a week after I received these , I found I had a splinter in the sole of my foot . I could n't get to it myself , and I had to wake up my husband , since -- INconveniently enough -- it was the middle of the night . But as bleary-eyed and sleep-fogged as he was , he was able to isolate the splinter and remove it without any struggle or pain on my part . And this is usually NOT a simple procedure , despite the fact that we have a whole arsenal of tweezers around the house . I 'm very happy with my Tweezerman tweezers , and I hope they make every splinter encounter as easy as this one was . -LRB- He 's happy , too , since I 'm the idiot who always walks around barefoot , so this is a tool more for his use than mine . -RRB-
 This is the best tweezer i have ever owned . great quality and works so well to remove ingrown hair painlessly . great buy
 Hovans Ingrow Gold is the best product I 've used for ingrown hairs . I was having such a problem and tried several other products but none compare . In-grow Gold is truly the `` Gold Standard '' .
 I 've only been using this for about 2 weeks now , but I do notice a difference . It 's very subtle , gradual . I think that 's because I read the dosage instructions wrong and have actually been taking less than was recommended -LRB- which I have corrected -RRB- . However , it is helping a bit and I think that over time it will help even more . I 'm a very strong supporter of herbal remedies and I definitely feel like this is a great alternative to taking mood stabilizers , antidepressants and the like .
 A little hard to take consistent readings but that 's probably b/c it 's hard to pinch the fat the right way . With practice though it gets easier . Key is consistency with the how/where you take the readings . Well worth the cost .
 The digital calipers work just fine , the button selection/menu is a little bit clunky , but if you follow the instructions it works well enough.A lot of complaints are in regards to the accuracy , lack of repeatibility , etc. . I agree with the fact that the instructions are lacking in informing you about exactly where to take the measurements , but if you look up the subject on the internet you will find a few different conventions used in getting consistent readings . I recommend using -LSB- ... -RSB- for getting better information on exact locations , and guidelines on where to do the measurements and how.Regardless of the difficulties people complained about with this unit , ALL body fat measurement products measuring bodyfat with calipers will not be consistent to a high degree of accuracy . The real issue is averaging of several values at each location , and consistency in your measurement technique . If you read Scooby 's guidelines you should become pretty proficient at taking repeatable measurements . And if you get obvious outliers in your data just try again . I think the customers whining about the accuracy issues want it to plop onto their blubber and spit out a repeatable number every time . This type of bodyfat measurement is not a high-precision method , but it works almost as well as the higher end systems that require expensive testing and machines to calculate bodyfat.The goal for bodyfat measurement is in trends , not perfectly accurate measurements . Also , the measuring tape is pretty cool because it conforms somewhat to your body , and has spring tension to provide help in getting more reliable measurements .
 This is a great way to keep track of your weight loss . The myotape gives you the exact measurements , very good !
 This is a pretty simple product . Essentially , it is a set of fat calipers that do the calculations for you . For anybody that has used a pair of old school calipers and done the math - this will be especially welcome.The set comes with instructions and a helpful body fat guide .
 This probably is n't as good as the high-end body fat measurement devices , but for the price , it 's pretty good . You kind of have to practice with it a few times to get consistent measurements , and the tricep measurement can be tricky if you 're doing it yourself -LRB- I hold my arm up so the fat/skin is easier to reach -RRB- , but all in all the total body fat is really close to my trainer 's measurements , and he uses one of those expensive calipers . It also holds data for up to 3 people .
 I 've tried several types of body fat calipers , and these seem to be the easiest to use , yielding the most accurate results . I always recommend AccuMeasure Body Fat Caliper to folks that are starting a weight loss program since the scale can be so unfriendly at times , especially when a person incorporates strength training into their fitness program -LRB- It 's true ! Muscle * does * weigh more than fat ! -RRB- . The bonus measuring tape is an asset as well since it makes it easier to track the inches that you are losing !
 This was the cheapest body fat caliper measuring system I could find . It seems to be accurate and is easy to use . I feel I get much better results than the body fat measuring scale I was using .
 I was a certified trainer in college and still have retained my certs but no longer train people other than friends and family.One thing the average person buying or using fat calipers has no clue of is that proper use of fat calipers TAKES PROPER TRAINING !!!!!!! I have seen some doctors use them so poorly , it was pathetic and my extreme pleasure to correct them and embarrass them in front of their patients.Here are some very important things to know - # 1 - On average , you need to perform over 100 measurements under supervised instruction before you really know what you are doing with calipers . Yeah ! It is not as simple as you would think . # 2 - Measuring yourself can be the most difficult thing to accomplish . I can do it for myself very well but still normally do not do it for myself . I have another trusted and well instructed trainer do it for me . # 3 - You have to know specifically where to pinch . It must be precise . If you are off by so much as a centimeter ... it can make a huge difference . So learn the proper locations and use a tape measure and be precise ! # 4 - The Accu-Measure manual will not fully teach you what you need to know . Sorry . You will need to find a local course at a college , sports therapy center , etc. then practice , practice , practice . # 5 - When you know what you are doing , measure the same location 3 times . YES ! 3 times !! Then take the average of those 3 measurements as your final number and record it in your log . # 6 - Finally , fat calipers are guides . GUIDES . They are not going to tell you body fat to the tenths of a percent level . Instead , So do not expect perfection folks . More than likely , it is you , the user , that does not implement this tool correctly . For the average person who takes the time and develops there skill ... the Accu-Measure product line is really the best and most affordable solution !
 I received the item as expected and I 've been using it ever since . I 'm pretty happy with it . No cons so far . Thanks
 Is easy to use but it has predefined bodyfat profiles so you can only take measurements according to these profiles . I was hoping that it was more flexible .
 This thing pinches what you pinch and tells you how thick it is . it 'll work as consistently as you are able to consistently pinch the same amount of skin from yourself in the same area 's . your probably not going to use this for day to day measurements as the differences are going to be ridiculously minute and more prone to typical discrepancies between your pinches of skin . whereas a good scale you might track 1/2 a pound here and be more encouraged.i gave it a good review as it does exactly what its suppose to and pretty effectively but i 'm not sure about the results . i come up with 5 % body fat and maybe i 'm just self conscious but that seems a little too good . i would assume i 'd be more around 7-10 % it really seems a decent well made product but unless you are hardcore fitness junkie i 'd just go with one of the scales with the body fat electric current thing and check it in the mornings before food/water . it 's more apt to be consistent for you .
 This product is worth the money that you pay for it . Once programmed the product does practically all the work for you . I would reccomend this product .
 I liked it a lot . It was as accurate as can be expected . A bit hard to administer on oneself , but after a bit you get the hang of it ! I really like the tape measure , it is handy for all measurements .
 I have been using this product every week . It is fairly easy to use once you get the hang of it . True ... accuracy depends of the person taking the measurements . What is important is to be consistent in the way the measurements are taken.As far as the results shown , they can vary for other devices and you should always have in mind a + - 3 % body fat range when looking at the fat % shown by the device .
 I guess if you had someone who knew what they were doing take the measurements with this unit , you 'd get fairly accurate and consistent results . But if you 're like me and most people , you 're not a professional at using calipers . Moreover , taking three measurements on yourself , especially if you 're a woman , is truly a challenge.The first day I got this , I took numerous measurements -- usually three at a time as that 's recommended with any calipers . I read the instructions carefully and watched some videos . That did n't make me an expert but it helped.With my Accur - Measure Fitness 3000 , I 've gotten a consistent 20.7 % body fat reading . So , I expected to get around that with these calipers . However , I knew too that since I 'd be measuring three places , not one , the measurement would likely be somewhat different.Well , the first readings were 24.1 , 24.1 and 23.7 -- all very close . But then I got 22.4 , 18.3 and 20.7 . Next time I got 21.4 , 23.1 and 24.7 . Next reading was 22.6 , 22.7 and 21.7 . This morning I got 21.4 . Now if you add all those together and average them , it comes to 22.4 . So are these numbers useful in that they 're all , for the most part , different ? Yes . I know that for my sex and age , I 'm very fit - regardless of which number may actually be correct . Do I know my exact body fat measurement ? No . But , I only need to know if I 'm fit and , if so , how fit.I wanted these calipers because using the Accur-Measure Fitness 3000 , while easy to use and accurate , they really hurt when I pinched my skin . The digital calipers do not hurt at all and you simply hear a beep when the measurement is taken and you press a button to record it . After you take three measurements , you get your body fat . If you opt to do that three times , you can average it if you like.Now it 's impossible to measure your tricep the way they tell you to . So I put the calipers in my left hand and use the calipers to pull the skin and take the measurement . That 's technically not the way to do it but it 's the only possible way for one woman to take her own measurement . The other two measurements are easy to take.The software that comes with this is ok . Nothing special but decent and will keep a record for you.It is annoying that you do n't get consistent readings with this unit . But the same is true with body fat scales and other measurement devices . In my opinion , it gives you a very good idea of what your body fat is . No , you wo n't know the exact number but few of us need that number.Recommended . -- Susanna K. Hutcheson
 I just got this thing and I 'm happy with it in general , but there is a reference to an `` IMPROVE YOUR MEASURING SKILLS '' guide that is not included . It is impossible to get reliable results with this tool without a diagram of where to get the measurements . Just saying chest , abdomen , thigh is ridiculously unclear.It is also somewhat difficult to learn how to pinch fat only . The first few times you are likely to get crazy results.I was able to find this manual page on the internet : http://www.accufitness.com/products/fattrack_pro_manual2.htmlIt cleared up most of my issues . -- brian
 Back in the old days before they had scales and hand-held devices to measure your body fat percentage , you actually had to `` pinch your skin '' to figure out your body fat . Maybe you remember this from grade school ? You can still do that if you want to ! Here is a digital caliper , the Fat Track II.First , how a caliper works in general . You pinch a portion of your skin up away from your body . The three locations are your thigh , your abdomen , and then an `` upper area '' . For men the upper area is the chest . For women -LRB- for sort of obvious reasons -RRB- it has to be somewhere else , so they go with the back of their arm . This gives a general overall body fat measurement.How can this work ? Fat tends to line the inside of your skin . For example , that is why people who were obesely overweight , who then drop down to only `` overweight '' have `` pouches '' . It is because they still have fat inside their skin and that fat is pulling the skin down . If you watch The Biggest Loser , you know that if you really do lose that fat , your skin tones up . You lose the pouch . The caliper is measuring the thickness of that fat layer against your skin.The downside of this technique is it can be VERY hard to learn how to do . You have to pinch the skin in just the right spot to get it to fold . You have to measure that exact same spot each day , to keep the results consistent ! If you measure one location one day , and another location the next , you are n't measuring apples to apples.Plus if you are very overweight it might simply be hard to get the skin to pull out and fold . It might be tight against the underlying fat.However , the only `` real '' test that is 100 % accurate is to go to a health club with an underwater scale . You submerge your entire body -LRB- including your head -RRB- underwater and weigh yourself there . Since fat , muscle etc. has different densities , this guarantees that the scale can determine how much is fat . Most of us ca n't afford to do that!How does this compare with the electrical current systems ? The upside for the electrical current stand-on scales and hand-held measurers is that that they require no skill . You stand on it or hold it and your fat number is provided . The downside is that , since it involves an electrical current , your body needs to be conductive . If your feet are too wet , or lotioned , or too dry , the current wo n't conduct properly . Some people try those scales dripping wet or bone dry and then complain they do n't work properly . Also , those scales tend to be expensive.So this caliper has the advantage of being relatively cheap , and second only to the full submission technique in its POTENTIAL for accuracy . However , if you are n't good at measuring in the exact spot - or doing it with the right technique - it * can not * be accurate . A system designed to measure fat at the upper thigh is n't going to work if you 're using it on your lower thigh . A system designed to measure skin fold fat is n't going to work if you 're using it on your muscle . So there is a LOT of room here for human error.That all being said - if you take the time to learn about the areas you 're measuring , and pay CLOSE attention to the spots you use , and are precise about how you fold , this can work amazingly well ! In that sense , everything is far more `` under your control '' than with an electronic scale . The caliper is small and fits in your purse . It 's cheap . It 's very reliable and reproducible.So in terms of potential and doing what it should , I give this a 5/5 . But as a caveat - if you know you 're just not a precise person , and wo n't pay that much attention to the details - I 'd say buy a scale . The scale is FAR easier for most people , and is very accurate . Just have your feet medium moist and lotion free when you stand on it . Either way you should have SOME fat measurement device in your home . It is extremely critical in your goal of maintaining a healthy weight to know not just your `` raw weight '' but also how much of you is fat .
 No guessing or benefit of the doubt here . Exactly and quickly measures body fat for any age and gender . Will track 3 people complete with records . Know your fat % in about a minute . I 'm a mid 30 's dad who always lifted weights , so with bigger muscles it helped to look `` in shape '' even when my waist went up to 36 '' . Testing with Fat Track every week was awesome ! I went to a 31 '' Calvin Klein jeans , -LRB- working out OF COURSE -RRB- still weighing about 200 pounds . How awesome THAT felt ! Better than high school , baby ! For my wife too ! It REALLY helps to see the results a week after you do n't exercise and eat that fried seafood dinner , or go nuts with the chocolate fudge ! Your fat % goes UP over the next week or so ! Get motivation from exercise ... you see the results . We lost ours and I 'm ordering another one because BOTH of us are gaining weight now without it ... that tells me it REALLY makes a difference . -LRB- We must lie to ourselves , but Fat Track tells us the horrible-or terrific - truth . -RRB-
 True , the included instructions are a bit hard to understand , but once you get the hang of it , it 's pretty easy to use . It might be a little easier for men because the sites to measure are easy to get to -LRB- chest , tummy , leg -RRB- . I found the FatTrack to be pretty consistent and the MyoTape is really easy to use . If you want to get just one . . I too would suggest the myotape . . you can use www.mybodycomp.com to calculate your body fat . Something I just found out was that this item is reimbursable from most insurance medical saving accounts .
 The AccuFitness AccuMeasure FatTrack Gold Body Fat Caliper is not hard to learn to use technically , but if you do n't know how to pinch the right part of the skin in the right places you can end up with wildly varying readings . Once you have the technique down and get consistent readings each time the results are pretty accurate.I tried it the same day that I was hydrostatically tested and it was within 1.5 % . However , if you pinch too much or too little skin your readings will be meaningless . It Takes some practice .
 I read these reviews and wondered how the Bodybuilding Federation could endorse a product that got these bad reviews.So , I bought one . I love it!Now , I can see how some people may not have been able to use it effectively , because it only opens a few inches and is probably more for fit people than for heavy people . Bit if you are fit and just want to see how fit , this is the device for you.I find the results very repeatable . Each of the three measurement sites have been repeatable within 1mm over dozens of trys.The Myotape is also cool . Use it and mybodycomp.com to get your body fat percentage and see just how close the number is to the number the calipers give you . Amazingly , for me , the number was identical.Great product ! Much better than my body fat scale which gives me double the number that this gives me .
 Two items came in this package.The first is the Body Fat Caliper.Initially I found it a little quirky but once you get familiar with the procedure it is very simple to use . It is set up to determine percentage body fat based on three skin fold measurements . If you want to use the more involved seven measurement calculation it displays the caliper reading in millimeters which you can use to manually number crunch . Of course the more involved measurements generally require a second person taking the measurements.The second item included is the Mayotape.This is really handy when trying to measure yourself . The end of the tape has a securing point on one side of the handle . As you pull the tape out it will not spool back in until you give it a quick jerk -LRB- similiar to positioning a pull down window blind -RRB- . So you make a big loop that you can put you arm through or put around your chest , give it a jerk and it sucks up around you . Then , simply take the measurement at the edge of the handle . It still requires a little dexterity but alot nicer to use and gives more consistant readings than a loose tape.It would be nice if the package included a little more information on taking proper measurements but that is what the internet is there for .
 Good : It works fine and has good features.It came with the extra measuring tapeBad : The device is not consistent each time when measuring.Overall , it is a decent device for the price .
 Although digital calipers are usually not recommended , I figured i 'd give them a try . They are easy to use and work as described . The measuring tape is ok , however I wish the fit of the tape was a bit snugger . It easily falls out of the locking hole .
 It 's been several years since I purchased this product , but the caliper seems to be pretty accurate and the tape measure works great . However , I have used many different fat or BMI measuring devices and I have discovered that many of these serve very little purpose . I 'd say , unless you 're in a competition where knowing your fat percentage or BMI is crucial -LRB- were BMI and fat % would most likely be measured by a professional anyway -RRB- , forget these types of devices . You can tell what kind of shape you 're in by how you feel and how you look . If you feel and look great why should it matter what your body fat percentage or body mass index is . These days people have become so absorbed by little things like this that they loose sight of the things that really matter . Use a tape measure and scale if you need some type of encouragement , but that 's all you should really need . Also , women or men should n't be discouraged if they gain weight when first beginning to workout , this is because muscle weights more than fat . So as many people start to exercise/workout they will gain muscle -LRB- partly due to water retention -RRB- thereby gaining weight first and as the muscle building starts to plateau they loose weight .
 This product was easy to use , and easy to remember how to use . I was worried I 'd have to go back to the instructions 5 times before I remembered how to do it each time but , it only took the 2nd time.I feel this is a better way to track progress over a scale . Scales that track body fat base it on water retention which is not fat . Where as this 3 spot marker makes it hard to fudge any results or just screw up taking the results .
 It needs a bit of patience to use properly but it is the best form to control your weight and you training progress
 I do n't know what happened to the buyer who said it had no vibrating power . This thing has good power . If it 's not hot enough for you , you can use the cylindrical head underneath a heating pad . I love this model ! I wish ConAir was still making it .
 Too bad they dont make these any more . Nothing bad to say about this product it meets or exceeds all the claims of how it works and helps .
 I am smiling from head to toe . This is a terrific tool to use or to have someone else use on you . Very strong vibration .
 For it 's intended purpose it 's good until the novelty wears off . I have found however that it is a powerful aid in physical therapy . I recently had serious trauma to the middle of my left index finger . Even after closing up and being healed for the most part , I still had almost no range of motion to my finger . I was following the instruction from my physical therapist , which was to use a heating pad and massage to loosen the finger . Then to practice moving the joints . With this device I can get the first part of the process done in a quarter of the time with little pain . This is far better than the excruciating 10 minutes of manual massage with the same outcome . So basically what I 'm saying is that if my masseuse popped this out , I 'd laugh , but if it were my physical therapist then I might be up for it .
 This is our second Interplak toothbrush . We bought it to replace our old one , which lasted through a few years of use by two people before the battery finally lost its ability to hold a charge . We loved it.Like the previous one we had , we find this is great at keeping our teeth clean . But I would certainly like to meet the genius who designed this so that every time you use it , water gets down into the main housing . This means you have to remove the head each time and dump the water out of the base . This is n't a huge deal for us -- since two of us share the base , it gives us a reason to take our personal head off and put it in the handy storage rack each time , leaving the base ready for the other . But if I were a solo user of this brush , I am sure I would get tired of having to dismantle the thing after every use.UPDATE
 I had an Interplaque electric toothbrush , which was great . The plaque really came off , and my teeth felt smooth to the tongue . The thing finally broke , and I decided to get this Oral B as a replacement . What a disappointment . I tried the circular brush , and the double brush head . It 's big and bulkn , makes a lot of noise and hub-bub in your mouth . It often stops if you press too hard against your teeth . But the main problem is that my teeth are not smooth afterwards . It simply does not work as well as the old interplaque . I think the interplaques bristles went in and out and rotated . These bristles do not rotate , and what they DO do does not work as well . I spend a hundred bucks on this including a pack of double brush heads . I then bought the new version of the interplaque , made by Conair , for about $ 20 . My teeth are smoother , and brush head is smaller , and it just works better . -LRB- used without toothpaste , though sometimes with an anti-plaque mouthwash -RRB- . I do n't know why the interplaque is not more widely popular . It just works better , feels better in your mouth , does n't stop if you press harder against the teeth , etc. .
 I 've tried them all , expensive , cheap , rotating , vibrating , pulsating , you name it ... None match the effectiveness of Interplak 's independent brushes . True , certain design elements could be improved , but it still leaves its competition in the dust , and it 's an unmitigated bargain to boot . Why it has become less popular than several years back , boggles the mind .
 I have been using this product for more than 10 years , it works great at taking out the plaque .
 The interplak is a real workhorse ... it does a great job on my teeth , compared to higher priced units . The only trouble is that it only lasts about a year . But I do n't mind that because of its price and its superior job all year . I have bought several over the years .
 This is a very good deal for an electric toothbrush - It almost feels like you 've been to the dentist for a professional cleaning every time you use it . Can not be beat for the price .
 When I had my braces put on , I decided to look for something other than the sonic toothbrushes I owned . Since it had separate rotating heads , I decided to try it.As other users mentioned , it does have durability issues ; I , like a previous reviewer , have resigned myself to purchase a new one when it dies after the warranty expires . You must keep in mind this is not a $ 100 toothbrush ; at the time of my review , they are under $ 20 . On the plus side , it does clean between my teeth and brackets better than my Sonic Complete or Soniccare toothbrushes . To me , this is more important than any other factor.If you decide not to buy this and opt for a sonic toothbrush , I 'd highly recommend the Oral-B Sonic Complete .
 I keep this with me at all times . Sometimes I might get a small gall on my horse , but mostly help others out by giving them some to put on their horse so they can ride . Just put it on after you ride , and before you ride and it will work using the horses own heat . Has helped me out many times . Thanks
 I have used galsalve for several years on my mule . Works great to heal any gal from the cinch , can even be applied under the cinch before a ride . I 've also used it on other cuts etc with great healing power .
 Have been looking for this stuff for a long time . glad I finally found where to buy it . It is the best for Gaul .
 very good product.Ican ' t find it in france so a friend bring me back from usa !
 Cant live with out this , just hard to find ! So glad I can get it with ease from Amazon.com !
 The product is well worth its price because the stones heat to the exact right temperature . You would likely burn yourself -LRB- and your loved one ! -RRB- if you tried to duplicate that temperature in a crockpot or on your stove . Should be standard equipment for all massage therapists . Buy one for your massage therapist for Xmas . I got terrific relief from it . A great product for the price .
 I love my heated stone spa set - the stones are so relaxing and are wonderful , especially when you 're so tired and tense.The stones need to be kept in the heater , until ready for use . If you use one and take it off , place it right back into the heater.If you cover the stones on your body with a light towel , it will help retain the heat much longer . I truly recommend this product , but alsorecommend that you shop around and get it a bit cheaper - I would pay up to $ 60.00 but not $ 110.00
 I received this as a gift years ago and put it away . I got it out today and realized I do n't have my instruction book anymore . How much water should I put in . One container full or fill it to cover the rocks ? I 'm going with one container full at this time but if anyone has any idea that could help I 'd appreciate it .
 Excellent product for hot stone massage use on head neck and shoulders . Stones are kept at a workable temperature in water in the Conair HR10 Hot Stone Spa .
 I really love my heated stones . I add water to the bowl right before I put the kids to bed and they are ready as soon as everyone has gotten settled . I was concerned that sometimes they did n't seem to retain their heat . Now , I put a light weight blanket over myself and it seems to help . My sister also used these on her lower back when she was pregnant and she loved it .
 I found this product to be an amazing home treatment . You recieve the tantalizing experience of an all service spa . Yet , the whole product cost half as much as a 1 hour treatment at a professional spa . And you can keep it and use it over and over again . I would recommend this product to anyone that does n't have hundreds of dollars to spend , yet , still wants to be pampered .
 Best you can buy ! Not so good in the wind but a BEST BUY by far !
 Caswell Massey has one of the best Sandalwood fragrances that I have bought . The aftershave balm is soothing to my husbands face and the smell of sandalwood really lasts . This is a great product and would recommend it to anyone who likes a sandalwood fragrance .
 Soothing and healing for the face . smells great too . Recommended to keep looking younger and your best . Only take a small amount .
 Love the smell , it as for my boyfriend , and he likes the feeling and smoothness . Will order again . Great value !
 I 've never used any kind of aftershave prior to this , and I do n't wear any kind of cologne because they give me a headache . This product seems to ease the irritation I get from shaving and my girlfriend loves the way it smells . Its subtle and not overpowering .
 These gloves are great for all kinds of tasks . They are not tight fitting on my hand but very sturdy .
 Strong and versatile ... can actually be use more than once without any degradation in quality or effectveness.I would highly recommend the product . This is my second purchase .
 These are great gloves - best rubber gloves I have used for handling hot greasy BBQ .
 This is BY FAR the best air spray ever made by Glade . I called Glade because I could n't find it in stores for several months . They told me it 's on `` limited distribution '' and obviously , I think that 's a BIG mistake . It has a unobtrusive nice clean , fresh smell that removes all the bad odors in the house . I made a plea to Glade to keep making this great product .
 I work at CVS and these can be found on sale for around dollar a bottle , so if your neighborhood has a drugstore check it out to see if you can find it for cheaper.Now let 's get to the product . I 'll keep it short and get straight to the point . I 've seen many people complain about how they are watered down and does not provide long lasting smell , well all I have to say to you my fellow amazon shoppers is to ignore them . The clean linen has been one of my favorite smell ever since I was a kid , reminds me of when my mom would be done with the laundry and ask me to help her fold , so it has a little meaning to me . The smell is n't strong , but it is just enough so everytime your in the area you sprayed , you will be able to smell it and it wo n't be to overpowering which is very pleasant . I usually spray it around the house in the morning before I leave for work and when I come back later on , the house smells fresh and clean . So you get the idea that it lasts pretty long and you wo n't have to worry about continously spraying for a good smell . Honestly , for the price per bottle this product is great and gets the job done . If you really love the smell of one of these sprays , do not hesitate because you wo n't be dissapointed.Fun Fact
 This scent is awesome ! I first experienced it in the bathroom at work . I kept wondering what smelled so good when I went into the bathroom , and discovered it was this scent from Glade . I just wish I could have bought fewer at a time -LRB- maybe a 3-pack -RRB- .
 My family have been Glade users for a very long time . Even though some of the scents are n't the same as they used to be , we have found a new favorite !! I cant speak to if anyone else would like it but lord knows we LOVE IT ! Its very refreshing its not too strong , its not watered down . It does take care of any smells from cooking , etc. . It 's awesome . Glade please never change this one !!!!
 Glade aerosol cans are very easy to spray -LRB- unlike Air Wick -RRB- . Very little pressure is needed to depress the spray button.I prefer the Clean Linen scent . It 's less `` sweet '' . It actually smells like clean linen . It removes odors rather than covers them up . The best spray Glade makes is the odor eliminator spray for smokers . It comes in a brownish can . It removes every trace of cigarette and cigar smoke in a room . It does the same for any nasty odor you may encounter , but the scent is almost impossible to find . Maybe they do n't make it anymore ? The Fresh Linen is the next best thing.There is a big difference between regular spray and odor eliminator spray . Regular sprays just cover the odor . Odor eliminators remove the odors.What 's up with the high prices on Amazon though ? I buy these cans for $ 1 in any dollar store and Walmart .
 Glade 's `` Crisp Waters '' air freshener spray is not as watered down as some people may tell you it is . This freshens the air rather quickly and the scent is pleasant without being too overbearing at the same time . In addition , the can keeps the spray fresh for months after you buy it . I have n't been disappointed with a single can of this yet!I recommend this air freshener for anyone who needs to get rid of unpleasant odors in their home .
 This has been my favorite bathroom aerosol for many years , but Glade appears to have discontinued it in preference for the `` new mist '' version -LRB- I abhor -RRB- , Glade Aerosol Air Freshener , Hawaiian Breeze , 8 Ounce ; ASIN
 Just about the only fragrance we use is the Apple Cinnamon which quickly freshens the air . We use it in the kitchen and in the bathrooms and it works well for us . Each can seems to last a long time and it is a good value . We like that the scent is not over powering and yet it quickly eliminates odors . We have used Glade for many years and it is a trusted brand with us . We also like that the propellant is 100 % natural and does not harm the environment . I recommend this product to you .
 It 's hard to give any over the counter supplement aimed at muscle building a true 5 star rating as none of them really work that well , but of the available supplements , this is definitely a good one . I do feel increased strength from it , it 's a bit pricey for a relatively small container , I have found it to be effective at half a scoop before my workout . It does n't mix well with a spoon , there 's some white bits of stuff that floats on the top , but hey , many bodybuilding supplements are like that , I never tried putting it in a blender , I just drink it as is and sometimes I mix it with a creatine product which enhances it 's a effects a little bit . One reviewer said the taste was so bad that he threw it away , I did n't find the taste to be so bad . It certainly does n't taste good , but I could n't imagine not taking any because of the taste , much less throwing it away . Bad tasting supplements comes with the territory for bodybuilding to some extent and I did n't find the taste to be that bad anyhow . This is a bodybuilding supplement , keep that in mind , if your goal is to simply remain healthy , you do n't need this stuff , but if your goal is to add muscle mass then this can give you a slight boost , which is saying a heck of a lot by the standards of over the counter supplements .
 This Nature 's Way Cranberry tablets is an excellent product . I had chronic UTI 's and yeast infections prior to using these tablets . My sister recommended it to me . Since taking one tablet a day , I am happy to say these problem issues have completely dissipated . I wish I knew about it years ago . What a difference it would have made for me .
 Having had recurring UTI 's in the past and not remembering to drink cranberry juice or eat cooked cranberries every day , I now take 3 of these per day plus 1,000 MG of Nature 's Way Alive brand Vitamin C powder which I also buy from Amazon . My doctor recommended the Vitamin C in addition to the cranberry pills as a stronger preventative for recurring UTI 's . His advice is usually good . I also drink some cranberry juice and eat some cooked cranberries.We use a few other Nature 's Way products also and find them to be of very good quality with the least number of `` bad '' ingredients compared to other brands . Amazon has the best price on this item and several others , especially with subscribe and save .
 This product taken as directed cured my uti in less than 2 weeks . Very impressive
 Received these within Amazon Prime 's expected ship date . The capsules are good but they are chalky , so if you 're looking for the smoother capsules , these are n't your go to product . They are great though .
 I bought this cranberry extract for my dog as she needs to take these every day for the rest of her life . My dog is a golden retriever mix and she has done well taking this brand .
 Very happy as the item was delivered on time as promised . I needed the product for my dog since the one I was using the manufacturer stopped making . I wanted to continue her on the cranberry extract with no lapse in time . Delivering the product on time was most important to me . Thank you .
 I started using this product when I got a low level UTI . Seems to work exactly as I hoped it would . Just one issue - the large , uncoated tablets can be difficult to swallow . This is not normally an issue for me . If swallowing larger tablets is an issue for you , this may not be the right product for you and the capsules might be a better choice .
 I just finished this 14-day cleanse and I was surprised with how gentle it was . I barely noticed that I was on it . -LRB- I had seen gross photos on-line and stories of other cleanse results -RRB- . I eat very healthy -LRB- lots of fruit , veggies , rice and beans -RRB- , but eat ice cream and meat a few times per week . I was n't constipated beforehand , I just wanted to cleanse my body . What I got was an increase in number of bowel movements , that appeared to be cleaning stuff out of my system . I also liked that this cleanse included other organs as well as the intenstines . I found it to be very reasonably priced and I will probably do this again several times per year . My only disappointment was the large size of the nighttime tablet - I had to cut them in two to swallow them .
 This product was really good . We did n't need to use as much of it to get the same results as with Thick it .
 I have asthma , and we are currently in the midst of a long spell of freezing temperatures with sub-zero wind chills , and periods of snow every day . It 's been brutal . I bought this some time ago , and since my scarf keeps falling off my nose , I decided to give it a try . It works real well . Mind you , it 's not fashionable . I look like I 'm going to rob the bank . -LRB- I do n't wear it into stores -RRB- , but it 's kept me breathing warm air , while I 'm trying to scrape ice off my windshield . The elastic keeps it in place , and that 's a plus . I 've been wearing it , even after the car warms up . It 's turned out to be a good buy ; I 'm going to pick up a spare .
 I ordered this product for my husband since he is a heart patient and this winter has had more problems with being outdoors at all in the cold . He gets chest pain when the arteries constrict while breathing cold air . It seems to work well ! He has had good results with being able to be outdoors for limited amounts of time while using the mask . It advertises to `` warm the air '' as you breathe and it seems to do just that .
 I am a celiac sufferer . No matter what I eat , I seem to hurt from the intake of food . Unless , of course , I am absolutely certain , beyond certain , no doubts , no question ... that there is NO gluten in my food . Yet , all it takes is one slip of cross contamination and I am suffering for weeks . Sound familiar?Well , this product is Mighty Mouse to me ! Here HE comes to save the DAY!Usually , after a meal , I feel like someone has blown me up , much like a balloon . I refer not to the stomach , but to an overall fullness , bloated , blown up balloon.NOW , I take one of these with each meal and WOW ... let me just say it again WOW !!!!! What a difference fellow celiac sufferers . I do n't know that it will work for everyone , but it has worked for me.Here is my new regimen that seems to work with each meal
 The formula in this one is superior to anything else that our family has tried . It is simply the best .
 Wonderful product for aiding in the digestion of carbs and all food for that matter ! Especially good if you suffer from a sensitive tummy !
 I regularly take stomach enzymes . Digest Gold is a power house of a product , but it does work . I specifically took them on my trip to China . No stomach problems the entire time ! The best , though is that most people , even the locals , get stomach illness when they eat the spicy food of China . This worked like a charm.It also works for the other female reasons that you would want to take the product , though you might just go with the cheaper Acidophilus if you need it for that.One thing to note . Even though the bottle says that you do n't need to store in the fridge , if you 're going some place particularly hot , you 'll want to put these in the fridge in the hotel . Also , if you 're going to some place humid for a longer period of time , you 'll find that a normal vitamin case will not be adequate to store these pills . Mine did change colors after 10 days of being in the humid and hot areas of China .
 I used to have terrible cramps and loud nosies in my stomach all day , everyday . Since begining this product I have seen a 85 % improvment in both . I feel like I have a new lease on life . I can know go out for dinner , then a movie , which before , If I tried to eat first , my stomach would be so grurgly I would be embarred to sit in the theater.Great product and will be ordering it for my father and another bottle for myself
 product good , shipping delayed from health genesis during thanksgiving holiday be a couple of weeks .
 I mix this with my oatmeal - it makes it taste really good - even my 4 y.o daughter likes it ! -LRB- I put about 1/4 a scoop in her oatmeal -RRB- . It works very gently - a great -LRB- and yummy -RRB- daily alternative to a cleanser !
 I think Genesis Today 4 fiber is the most complete fiber product in the market today and it 's also easy and delicious to take with your favorite juice . Highly recommended !
 Very good fiber product . Added it to my morning coffee . Felt great after about a week of adding it to my diet . Highly recommended .
 Great product . I 've been using it for some time now and I feel my body is changing for the better . 4 Fiber is easy to mix , easy to swallow and does not have a bad taste .
 My boys have never been good at taking liquid medications - more often then not they would gag and spit it out -LRB- can you blame them , most of that stuff is nasty ! -RRB- With these I can be sure that they get the full , correct dosage with little fuss .
 If you have a child that spits out every medicine you give them and you have to get some fever reducer in them then this is the stuff . Works fast and they ca n't spit it out .
 not much fun , but easier than forcing a reluctant child to swallow medicine - good to have on hand for when you need them .
 Our doctor gave us suppositories after my son would projectile vomit all liquid tylenol . About 30 minutes after he gets one he 's happy and will normally take a nap . These have been such a life saver while my poor baby 's molars have been breaking through ! I consider these a must-have baby item . Just make sure the dosing is appropriate with your child 's weight . Our doctor told us to bump up to the 120mg -LRB- we were using 80mg before . -RRB- I do n't think there 's any dose lower than 80mg however.Feverall is by far the best brand as well . They do n't have any recalls like some of the other brands and their packaging is the easiest to open . The CVS brand was impossible to open and I would often have to get scissors and try to salvage the dose . We always use Feverall now .
 My Daughter has asthma and has used this measure peak flow on a daily bases . It results are consistant with the doctor 's measurement in the office . The electronic Version of Mini-Wright Digital is now out which gives you FEV1 and stores 240 tests .
 I couldnt realize how big was the product -LRB- as i havent seen it before -RRB- , before purchase and know anything about acessories or small pieces ...
 This unit , the `` Standard Mini-Wright Peak Flow Meter '' , arrived from the U.K. over one week ahead of the scheduledarrival date . It looks like the one my allergist uses to test patients at the office . I tried the meter , andit was within 6 points of my last test at the Dr. 's . office . I can now track my asthma condition without theusual office visit . The unit is well worth the price to me , -LRB- and reasonably priced -RRB- ! I usually find any productthat has the term `` medical '' associated with it , is very expensive . When I saw the price of this , I had to haveone .
 This is a very simple & elegant design.My son even enjoys using it and is not intimidated by it .
 I remember , back in the day -LRB- probably circa 1995 -RRB- , Ricola ran a series of melodious and memorable television ads for their cough drops , featuring an elderly Swiss man yodeling `` Rrriccccola ! '' and playing a meter long horn , from the tip of the Swiss alps , with great triumph . Pretty much , that embodies the strength and effectiveness of these awesome cough drops . The combination of cherry , honey and herbs coats and soothes , at the same time . It , most definitely , brings me sweet relief , during my collisions with the common cold . I also feel I can take these without worrying about the source of their ingredients - I can easily pronounce healing additions to this product . Recommended .
 The kits do not contain a face mask but they have almost everything else one might need in a small emergency . I bought this set so I could keep a kit in a vehicle , around the house , and for travel . Definitely a good buy for all that is included .
 This is a good , compact kit at a good price . Having three sets , I put one in a car , one in a bathroom , and one in our bug out bag .
 This is a great product for anyone working out , whether you 're bulking or not . I myself just maintain my weight so I only use half a serving after my workout but it just lasts longer that way . The high quality protein and carbs digest quickly to make sure you get all of the nutrients immediately after your workout when your muscles are most receptive . This does have a good amount of carbs so it should be taken as a postworkout since the carbs are from maltodextrin and will cause an insulin spike , only beneficial postworkout . It will give great results . I 've been taking it for almost a year now , and have used it through both bulking and cutting cycles . It works great for both .
 I have been using Wahl products since high school and college . This trimmer does an admirable job . Keep in mind I keep my goatee / beard longer at around 1/4 '' . I do not know how well it will trim for those who like shorter lengths . The trimmer shapes pretty well . The inconvenience of a cord is worth it in my mind because you get better cutting power and the vacuum is stronger . I do n't like having to worry about charging a battery . This trimmer still does not get every hair into the collection tray , but my sink is a whole lot cleaner than it used to be . The collection tray is easy to remove and empty . The unit is lightweight and very ergonomic in the hand . The blade guard seems easy to adjust and is easily snapped in place and removed . I like having more than four or five length choices . It could be quieter but one should get used to it . I have always known Wahl blades to be good cutters , and with corded power you do n't have to spend a lot of time trimming . Overall , this trimmer seems to be a good buy for all of those having trouble with the more well-known brands of vac trimmers .
 This trimmer is certainly not the heavy duty model , but they were a good buy for the money , and work just fine .
 I am using these large bags as a something to hold large amounts of paper recycling -LRB- from the shredder , etc. -RRB- . I am lucky enough to have curb-side paper recycling , but my area is picky with regard to how the recyclables are presented . These bags seem to be working .
 I like the paper yard bags very much . They stand right up there with their tops wide open , and are much easier to fill than floppy plastic bags . The fact that they are biodegradable and do n't add indigestible clutter to landscape is a huge added plus . :
 I love these bags . They are strong enough to stand up on their own . I use them in my house to toss all of our recyclable items into and then just take it out to the bin when it is full . Sure makes it a lot easier than having a bunch of little bags or bins around , espeically since we do n't have to seperate all our our stuff by type .
 These bags are incredibly durable . I needed a way to deal with the debris as I cleared overgrown blackberry brambles . The bags never ripped , even though I packed them snugly . I was even able to reuse a few of the bags which is a good thing since they are somewhat expensive .
 Vitamin E succinate was recommended as one of the supplements for me to take as complementary therapy . The capsules are easy to swallow and hopefully are helping -LRB- stage IV cancer diagnosed in June 2010 -RRB- .
 The other reviewers do n't like the taste - I like it just fine . The issue is that that it has that sickly-sweet flavor that diet drinks have instead of real sugars -LRB- although it uses sucralose instead of aspartame -RRB- . But if you like diet drinks -LRB- like I do -RRB- , then with this shake you get 46g of protein with only 3g of carbs -LRB- and 0.5 g of fat -RRB- , which is the best ratio of protein to carbs and fats that I have been able to find .
 I usually drink a smoothie each day consisting of a banana , frozen blueberries , fresh spinach , a bit of orange juice and lots of water and ice mixed with one scoop of this protein powder and I really like it . I find it a filling meal that is not heavy and satisfies after a workout . I also like that it is very low in sugar and carbs . For the price and nutritional value , it is the best tasting protein powder I have tried .
 The flavor of this protein is unlike any other I 've ever tried . I 'm pretty sure that the L-glutamate added makes for the unbelievable taste.We have special taste receptors for L-gluatamate , and this product is pretty much proof . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The vanilla tastes great and is creamy when mixed . The Carb count is very low . My only complaint is that is does n't mix -LRB- shake -RRB- easily and is clumpy , but getting past that it is perfect .
 good quality protein mixture of whey and casein ... tastes amazing . . highly recommend this product . i have been using this for 5 yrs with great results
 This product was a favorite for so long it feels and works great , looks like lip gloss and when I could no longer find it in stores I was devastated . Nothing has ever worked as well for me and I ca n't express how ecstatic I am to have found it again !
 Ok so not everyone will get this but if you are looking for a great Shabbos or Yom Tov lip-gloss , this is it . Its not too thick and sticky , has a pleasant taste , its got SPF , and I am pretty sure none of the ingredients present a kashrus concern -LRB- but obviously you should find that part out from your LOR . -RRB- I use the Blistex Lip Medex everyday during the week but since its not a gloss I ca n't use it on the weekends . I used to use the costmetic type of roll ons on Shabbos but my lips would get SO dry . This is perfect . Totally worth it to buy the 12 pack , keep one in your Shabbos travel bag , gift them to friends , etc. I highly recommend .
 You can purchase these locally at Albertson or Homeland if you wanted to try them out first.As far as I can tell , these are the only roll-on chapsticks out there . The formula used is light and feels like a liquid . I prefer this formula because traditional chapsticks tend to melt , magically collect lint in my pocket , or become messy with balm buildup on the cap . This chapstick might not be for people with dry lips or want superior protection , but it is great for maintenance or moisturizing.PROS : + light , clean feeling + does n't melt in your pockets or car + roll on applicator , biggest plus for meCONS : - protection not as good as other lip balms
 This is the best stuff for dry chapped lips , your skin absorbs the liquid much better than regular chapstick . i buy this in bulk as they do n't sell in the stores anymore . so glad i found it on amazon .
 Ever forget to remove your capstick from your pocket before you put your clothes in the washer/dryer ? I have ruined several articles of clothing being washed/dried with a capstick . This product with the screw on cap is great and does not leak in the wash . The product works well also .
 My daughter gave me my first Blistex Infusion and I was sold on the product , however it became harder and harder to find on the shelf in various drugstore and cosmetic departments . I was traveling 45 miles each way to a store where I used to live to find the Infusion and was buying in multiples ! And then the worst case scenario , even they stopped carrying it . So I went on line to several web sites and finally found it at Amazon.com . I had to buy a 12 pack which was a lot of Blistex , but that way I could share with my grandson in college and my daughter . The rest is in my purse , my bedside table , my desk , my car and the remainder in a closet for future use . It is the smoothest and softest , not gritty or heavy , product I have found . It even comes in cherry flavor ! I also use it along with lipstick . My complaint with other lip products is that after they wear off , my lips actually felt dryer than before . That is not the case with Blistex Infusion . It 's the last thing I put on at night and I wake up without the dry lip feeling that I had before using this great product . I 'm thankful my daughter shared this with me and I 'm glad Amazon continues to carry it .
 I love the metal ball-bearing applicator that really is cool to the lips and spreads the Lip Infusion nicely . I think of this almost more as a lip gloss than I do a real repairing type of product . For repair , I useBlistex Lip Medex , .38 - Ounce Pots -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- The Blistex Lip Medex is much more appropriate for really cracked , dry lips.The Blistex Lip Infusion is a nice product to give moisture and sheen to lipe -LRB- think of the 70 's and 80 's and lip gloss -RRB- . It does absorb quickly and does not leave any waxy coating or feel on your lips because it is more liquid than it is wax ... so it really soaks in . I am definitely not shy about using it , I will use several applications to really put a coating on my lips that will stay and not soak all the way in -- I find multiple coatings much more effective for `` sticking power '' . If you have moderately dry lips without a lot of chapping and cracking , this is a good product . If you have Winter , chapped and cracked lips you need something stronger likeCarmex Lip Balm Small -LRB- Pack of 12 -RRB- or the Blistex Lip Medex . They will certainly treat troubled lips more aggressively than the Lip Infusion product will.If this product is used as a moisturizer or sun block , I think it 's the right product .
 I have loved these every since they came out and couldnt find them anywhere , so glad I was able to purchase these ~
 I have been using this particular infusion model tube for years and like it so much that this year I bought a supply to give out to all the relatives . Winter is coming and so are dry lips . It works great .
 Absolutely the best lip balm I have ever used . I would never get through a NE Ohio winter without it
 So I first was given this product by my wife who is a solider along with I and I had always found it very hard to find a product that worked well for my dry chappet lips and also looked well on men . I 've tried alot of things and was always picked on by the other soliders at work because the stuff might work but it looks like im wearing a 16 year-old girls lip gloss or it looks like lipstick , but this is not only smooth and light and adds some gloss but works wonders and Best part noone picks on me and I dont have to suffer with dry chappet lips
 As the other reviewers stated , it was removed from stores mid 2010 and reappeared on Amazon recently . I was fortunate enough to buy 14 sticks on clearance before it disappeared in 2010 . I 'm happy to see Amazon is selling it .
 I purchased this product specifically from Amazon because I could no longer find it in my area . I did several online searches for this with in 50 miles of my location and could not find it anywhere ! I was estatic when i found it on Amazon!I love this because my family 's lips chap badly in the winter and the roller ball is soothing and cooling , and does not tear or pull the already sore chapped lips ! Get this for the roller ball , the cherry flavor is an added bonus too !
 I discovered this product a few years ago while visiting Seattle . It works so well and feels so good going on and being on the lips that I have been looking for it ever since . Finally discovered that I could purchase it through Amazon ! Great deal , too .
 I love Blistex Infusion . My daughter who lived in Charlotte , NC , first gave it to me . I could not find it in Virginia . I could not ask her when I ran out because she got breast cancer at age 33 and passed at age 40 on March 28 , 2011 . She wanted to help me with my dry lips and certainly did . I had looked at drugstores , etc. , and finally went to the Internet and ordered quite a bit . I did not want to run out again . It feels great when you put it on , and it stays there . One of the great blessings she left me among others . This was purchased through Amazon , and I have had great service with them .
 I bought this chapstick for my son . He has a lot of problems with chapped lips and we 've tried several brands . He likes this one because it does n't burn when he puts it on . It healed his lips in no time !
 I love this product . My lips are soft and stay that way for longer than anything else I have used . In the dry environment I live in this is a necessity . The stores around me no longer carry this product so I am glad Amazon has it .
 Best lip therapy I 've ever had . Goes on smooth , tastes great and really keeps my lips moist . Buy some and try it !
 Blistex Lip Infusion was recommended to me by one of the girls in the pharmacy . I 'm glad she did . It does everything it promises . My lips feel lush and wet , dryness is instantly relieved . It 's not just a topical coating , I feel the penetration . The wetness lasts and lasts . I instantly became a convert after one use and now it 's the lip moisturizer I search the stores for .
 This was just an order to augment another product I purchased that needed batteries . The batteries where the 1st to arrive .
 When I found these batteries on sale I was really amazed at the price . Even with coupons this value could not have been better in any store . I always try to keep extra batteries on hand , especially the very popular AA . I believe I will like the automatic re-shipping , I think I set it for 6 months and I look forward to seeing what the current price will be at that time .
 Well , they 're batteries ! What can you say . Good quality , good price.Bought at lightning deal price . Ca n't go wrong .
 Great price well known brand and I did n't even have to spend money on gas . Ca n't beat this with hurricane season coming
 I have always used Energizer and they have never let me down . Ordering these in a 2 pack of 16 count means you will have to do the remote battery shuffle when one set dies . Stick these away somewhere out of the way and you will most likely always have them available to you . I find myself using more and more batteries , so it is always nice to have a bit of a stockpile .
 The price was right in a Today deal otherwise I normally do not buy batteries that are name brand anymore .
 I have used these batteries many times before as well as other brands , they all work just fine . The price on the Amazon `` deal of the day '' was really great , so I bought them . For those who use mostly rechargeable batteries as I do , the reason for buying these is that some devises such as ; some home heating/cooling thermostats do not work well or long enough with the rechargeable batteries .
 great batteries for cheap price on amazon . they are brand new and works great on any electric product that requires . have bunny inside .
 I 've left Energizer batteries in electronics products for years and have never had anything destroyed . Ca n't say the same for the `` other '' brand . Good battery life too .
 It 's a name brand 9v battery , c'mon , does it really need a review?With that , here 's my review . : -RRB- I use these for smoke/CO detectors and also in my alarm clock.This four-pack is the best price I can find unless a local store is having a massive deal . The free shipping and lack of sales tax sinks the nail into the coffin . Further , I saved an additional 15 % -LRB- bringing the price down to $ 8.49 -RRB- by signing up to have these delivered every six months . After the order is placed , you can cancel the subscription if you so choose .
 They were the batteries I ordered ! Great . Got it in a timely manner and that worked for me . No problems so far with the batteries
 I decided to get these online since I was lazy and never get stuff I can go pick up myself . With that said I am very happy with my purchase . I ordered 8pk AAA and 24pk of AA on Sunday afternoon and they got here on Wed. . I will order through them again no question .
 They work as they should no problems , and I most likely will order more from the same place , I use them in my remotes and my ham radio hand held.Glen S Barney KC7EQF
 This was a great deal , 5 stars and I would buy them again . The life on them was 2018 . I installed them in a radio I bought and it worked no problem . Very pleased with this purchase .
 Great batteries at a great price . What else can I ask for . You can never have enough batteries . I usually purchase rechargeables , but like to have a package of these on hand should I ever need some right away and not have any charged . When Amazon put these on a daily deal , I could n't resist and stocked up !
 Not much to be said other than glad to have gotten a good deal on batteries during a Gold Box deal . It came at a great time , when I was low on this particular size battery too ! Glad Amazon offers these ! Thanks !
 These batteries work well in all the products that I have tried them in . Good lightning deal price made the purchasing decision easy .
 I purchased this item as a daily special and got it for a great price . The batteries came in with an expiration date of 2013 so they have life in them for a few more years . So far so good : -RRB- We have little ones with toys that seem to all require batteries so it was nice to find this deal.Shipped fast and in good condition.Would recommend to others !
 Once again a review for an item that is difficult to review . They 're batteries . They work well . Good price . As described . If you 're looking for a review to tell you what a battery is , or why these are the best ever , then you came to the wrong review . They power the stuff I need to power , they last pretty well , and that 's really the extent of what I look for in a battery .
 AA batteries rock ! They are the best thing since sunshine and make me happy happy happy ! I recommend a AA battery for anything that ails you , darkness , boredom , sexual depravity ! Get AA batteries because they are super power in a tiny case . Nothing is better than a battery . Nothing .
 This is a great item and I love not having to go shop in the stored for Batteries . The item arrive fast and we are so happy to have them !
 in a well known national review well known to most of us the energizer brand is consistently top rated . I have no reason to doubt this because I have compared lasting power among the major brands . as is true in 95 % of my purchases amazon had the best price & prompt delivery
 These arrived well packaged and worked great in my electronics . I am very happy with this buy and a good value .
 I bought these to replace the ones in my smoke detectors . They are good quality batteries at a fair price with a long shelf life .
 I got this in the mail and was surprised because it came wrapped up in a package of 6 4-packs . They were Energizer , and there were 24 of them , just different than the picture .
 I use 3 aaa 's at a time on my energizer head light and they do last a good 20hours . Im not holding a stop watch while I use these with there prespective device , so it 's just an estimate for me .
 I feel that the energizer max alkaline AAA batteries will last longer then the batteries I had in my flashlight .
 The Energizer C size battery 8 count was as described and I received it well packaged and fast delivery ! The Energizer is a name that I trust for my battery needs .
 they are batteries they do what batteries do i cant speak for how long because im still using the first set but yeah they are good
 a battery is a battery - what more can you say - good price quick shipping - this is a good deal for the price
 Energizer batteries seem to work the best in the little toys that require them . I have tried the Duracell batteries but seem to go dead in a very short time . I would recomend the Energizer batteries for use in the toys and such items so you wo n't have to buy batteries as often . Not only are they reliable but they last longetr which means less batteries to fill the landfills when they are all used up
 These work well , and have outlasted all other batteries I have tried . I 'm actually here buying my second pack of these.We received a pack with a 2018 expiration date .
 What can I say energizer batteries kick but they last a long time and if you recharge them -LRB- special charger available on amazon -RRB- they will last longer . For me it was the great price that got me .
 we got the order on time and was as advertised -- batteries where good and where in good shape and we would buy again
 Can hold a charge in storage for a long time . . found batteries in work shop , some how overlooked for several years , was going to dispose of but decided to try them out ... lo and behold they worked well
 They arrived on time and with no package defects . A bonus note , I was sent a pack with a free Decepticon Hot Wheels car . My 6yr old nephew is a huge Transformers fan .
 Ordered and received the product in quick fashion , as expected . Everything went well and no complaints whatsoever . Will consider the product and merchant in the future .
 What can you say about a battery that has not already been said ? The price is great . The expiration dates where in check . Energizer has always made a nice battery that lasts long in the remote controls , in our flashlights and such . Still going ...
 This is a review of the D-size battery packI bought these for a flashlight . They work decently , but the flashlight does n't seem as bright as it did with the previous set of batteries . Unfortunately the old batteries got tossed before I got to see what kind they were . Anyway , these batteries do work and the flashlight is working again , it just seems slightly dimmer than it was.Not sure yet how long they 'll last , but that 's why I got an 8-pack ! They do so far seem to be holding up well for use in a flashlight that gets used briefly on a daily basis.Bottom-line
 really nothing notable . disposable C batteries at a cheaper price . nothing to complain about what so ever . i really dont see how you could possibly expect more than that .
 So many things require batteries these days , and it does get expensive trying to keep up with which ones to get , which ones to have more in stock around the house . Amazon made this available at a very decent price .
 Living in the middle of the Arizona desert can make buying needed items from the nearest town -LRB- 75 miles away -RRB- very expensive . Buying this 24 pack through Amazon saved me a bundle . Couldnt beat the price with a stick !
 I bought these for 2012 purposes or just power outages . These are probably one of the more versatile batteries and you can use them in many ways if you know how . I am probably gon na use them for back up for my lanterns but they seem great and you are getting quality batteries from energizer .
 HARD TO FIND LOCALLY , GREAT BATTERY REASONABLE PRICE . I USE THESE FOR MY PHONES AND SMOKE DETECTORS ! LONG LASTING POWERFUL
 These are good batteries and are priced competively . I say there is a toss up between these and the &#34; Copper Top &#34; , so it comes down to price . I would recommend these to a good friend .
 Great price for good reliable batteries.These batteries compare to Duracell at a much more cost effective price and with subscribe & save you will get more bang for your buck ...
 I bought these here because where I live , it 's cheaper by one dollar to buy it online and let them ship it to you . As long as you do n't need them right away .
 I like this product cause I always thought these batterys are the best money to buy and for the price you cant go wrong they are good as they say they are better then panosonic ans durcell
 It was exactly as described . Very happy with the product . ... . . ... ... ... . . ... ... ... . .
 Just ca n't beat the price on these batteries , and it saves me a trip to the store . What more can I say !!!
 Their Batteries . . You 've used them , You know ... Lots of batteries for all your needs ... Always need more batteries though !!! LOL
 Batteries ... D-Cells ... They were fresh and had plenty of time left before they expired . What more do you need to know ? One tip though , I found it 's cheaper to buy them at Home Depot , but buying here is a good alternative if you are strapped for time .
 Do n't know about you but I am always looking for that replacement battery that I used last week or before . With This nice 4 Pack and the Convenient Subscription Discount I always have the battery I need WHEN I need it and not having to run out to the store for it . With the price of Gas now and Amazon Prime 's Free Freight This makes this a no Brainer . That is unless you just love spending your time and money running out for a battery .
 I use these in my external camera flash . I find they last a lot longer than the Duracell brand . And Amazon sells them at a price where you could only get 4 at your local pharmacy .
 I try and be frugal as much as I can , but I learned that I should n't cut the corner with batteries . I 've bought many of the store brand batteries and they simply do not last as long as the Energizer batteries , it 's worth paying a few dollars more , because in the long run it 's actually cheaper .
 Very good value for the price ! Would order again ! Would recommend for of Amazom buyers to purchase . Good price value !
 I was worried about a single thing prior to buying these , namely that the best before date would be soon or passed . Not the case , it 's years away . -LRB- do n't remember exactly how many -RRB-
 WHAT CAN YOU SAY THEY ARE BATTERIES . SHOULD I DOCUMENT THE RESULTS OF MY EXTENSIVE TESTING OR JUST SAY ... THE DANG THINGS WORK ?
 Great deal and fast cheaper then the stores I have to right 12 more words what do you say about a battery good deal
 Yep ... it 's a whole bunch of batteries . Doing what batteries do ... powering things and whatnot . I use them for various items and they 've all worked thus far . Hooray for battery power !
 What can i say ? Great brand new batteries , great price , fast shipping . Smart buy , so pickup some batteries from amazon.com !
 These AAA energizer max alkaline batteries live up to their reputation and keep going and going and going . An excellent value .
 Arrived on time and just as described . Packed well and at a great price . Purchased with a kind refund from Amazon for a mis labeled product .
 What can I say ? The best batteries you can buy outside of getting NiMH rechargeables . Great price for a 24 pack .
 Since I was placing an order on Amazon this made a good filler item . I also needed a couple of AA batteries . They arrived and work fine .
 These things work great in tools , smoke detectors , etc. . I would never use Duracell . Energizer all the way ! Thanks again Amazon and Amazon Prime .
 These batteries although called industrial have exactly the same specs as consumer batteries just cost less . I expect them to perform as well . A better price per unit .
 These are 9 volt batteries in a pack of four , but I am seeing reviews here for every other size of battery . Do you not know what you bought ?
 I was having a lot of problems with my Panasonic phones -LRB- 5 -RRB- I was about ready to put them in the trash , I took a shot and ordered these Energizer batteries , on a hunch . and Whoala ! ! the problems went away . Happy Happy ! ! !
 Brand new batteries shipped quickly and arrived in perfect shape . Cheaper than Target and eligible for Prime shipping . Other than that what else is there to say ? If you need 8 batteries , this is the way to do it .
 I bought these Energizer Max AA batteries for a number of electronics around the house . Good product at a good price . Works great .
 I received my order fast and it was new and I would shop here again.They have a much better price than stores do .
 I have found that energizer is the longest lasting of the batteries I have tried . This package came rather soon and I am please with it .
 little long too ship but it was the holidays and it was shipped through the good ole mail so you cant blame too many people
 Batteries are batteries and these batteries performed well as advertized . The price is very good and they arrived on time as promised .
 There really is n't a lot to say about the batteries except they worked as expected , shipped quickly , and were for a good price .
 What more can I say ? They worked and were at a good price without having to fight the holiday shoppers .
 Great price , quality product . It was a lifesaving purchase for Hurricane Sandy ! -LRB- My electronic lantern lights and many flashlights run on D batteries , and since we did n't have power for several days , this was an absolutely necessary purchase , and I depended on the quality ! -RRB- Bottom line
 this really does n't matter , just something curious about what i got . instead of getting a single pack of 8 AA batteries , i got 2 packs of 4 . it does n't matter , i still got my 8 batteries , and they are supposed to be good for up to 10 years , so i 'm not worried about them being expired . i got what i asked for , ca n't expect more =] .
 ITS A BATTERY . IT DOES WHAT A BATTERY DOES . WHEN IT DIES I WILL PUT IN A NEW ONE THANKS
 They worked . they work - they work - they work - they work - they work - they work - they work . Great
 These batteries have a 10 year storage life , which is beyond anything I expected . I 'm very satisfied with that as batteries tend to sit around for years waiting for old remote , calculator , keyboard , flashlight , garage door , and other device batteries to die .
 They have a 10 year expiration life . What can I say , they are batteries . I recommend this product . Thank you .
 I have been using this brand for a long period of time and its just work good on any device that used AAA batteries . This brand is a lot batter all the chines battery brand and it work longer and it batter for you device . I do recommended
 These batteries are cheap and they work great . They have a long battery life . Will buy another if and when I finish with this pack . I do n't think it 's anytym soon tho .
 they 're batteries . What 's there really to say about it . We all know Energizer , we all know batteries . Buy them if you need them because this is a decent price .
 Got these to go with a card shuffler for my Brother in law and they worked just fine ... what more can I say ? They are batteries and they actually worked ! Thanks !
 Fast delivery , but I thought the batteries were going to come in all one case . Not a big deal , just not what I was expecting . They work great !
 Bought these for my office for my co-worker 's and my mouses and keyboards for our iMacs . Less expensive here than buying locally where less number of batteries are in the packs .
 It 's not worth it to buy bargain brands . When you know you need to have a flashlight that will definitely turn on when you need it to , you need the best !
 How can you go wrong with energizer ? They last long -- great product and new ... I am set with batteries for a while
 It is always a good idea to buy branded batteries in my opinion - they last about what you expect them to last , and then some more , unlike bargain brands that are spent within a few days . These Energizers hold up to their reputation and the expectations one has of them .
 for once I was just too lazy to go to the store and get batteries lol . . but it was nice to be able to just order the batteries online = -RRB-
 The batteries arrived on time and in good condition . They were priced well but they 're batteries so how much can I write about them .
 I use these in my single aaa battery powered trimmer -LRB- beard -RRB- . I had been trying to use rayovac cheapos , but in the trimmer they would only work for a min and they would either stop or start pulling hair , and I would have to change the battery several time just for a single trim . So I bought the energizers on sale and they work great ! A few trims now on the first battery and still going strong !
 It is the regular d-cell batteries . And delivery as usual -LRB- at least for me -RRB- was very fast . Thank you . The only thing is that somebody made a mistake in my last name.Thank you .
 The best one time use batteries I have found so far . I do n't have too many battery operated devices in the house and these always seem to keep their full charge longer while in storage than many other batteries I have tried in the past to save a couple dollars .
 these batteries are very good batteries . they out live any other battery that i have ever used in my life . these batteries last about two hours longer than any other batteries depending on what you use them in .
 Batteries came fast , on amazon prime . I metered all the batteries when they arrived and all were at the correct , new , alkaline voltage
 I fancy myself a bit of an inventor , scientist and pioneer . But I 'm also a firearms enthusiast . So I purchased these batteries on the cheap , in preparation for the impending collapse of civilization , and got so many of them that I was n't sure I could use them before they expired -LRB- assuming this darn society continues to function . -RRB- So I was musing about in my garage , trying to figure out alternative uses for them , when I realized that these batteries fit perfectly , single stacked inside a standard M16 \ M4 rifle magazine . I could n't help but think of Star Wars style blaster rifles , and set to work on one of my M4s . I replaced the firing pin assembly inside the bolt with a tiny spark plug from a weed eater , and set about coating the inside of the barrel with a non-conductive polymer . I placed a powerful capacitor in the back of the bolt , and an 18v 3Ah lithium battery inside the recoil spring in the butt stock.The principle was simple . When the bolt was to the rear , the lithium battery would charge the capacitor in the rear of the bolt . When the bolt was released forward , it would chamber a AA Energizer battery . When the trigger was pulled , the spark plug , connected to the capacitor , would move forward and discharge the capacitor into the AA battery , causing it to overload the internals of the AA battery and discharge a 2850mAh energy bolt down the non-conductive barrel , producing enough energy to stun or kill a man.Unfortunately I failed to account for the much smaller diameter of a 5.56 cartridge compared to that of the AA battery when it came to the chamber of the weapon . As a result , when I attempted to test fire the weapon , the battery jammed into the breach , and when the spark plug hit the battery , it DID overload . However because the battery was n't confined in the chamber , the internal overload was totally uncontained , resulting in the battery casing rupturing and spraying acid out through the open ejection port . This was one of many times I regretted being a left handed shooter . I 've recovered most of my vision in my left eye , and my mom says the scars are flattering.I still have about 70 leftover batteries , so I 'll continue working with them . They certainly are powerful .
 Great when u put in on auto ship and save an extra 15 % well worth it then . . just cancel after it ships if u want . .
 Basically , you save about 2.50 if you purchase these on Amazon vs. the retail stores , I checked Walmart , Lowe 's etc before I purchased from here , so Amazon offers the better price . They arrived on schedule and in good condition and have like a 5 year expiration , which I have a teenager and lots of remotes , so they will never last me that long before running out . Biggest thing though for me in this economy is the savings !!! . Thanks .
 The day after I ordered this Gold Box Deal , I saw one package of 12 batteries selling for more money than I paid for the 32 batteries in this order . It 's a great bargain !
 Ca n't beat energizer batteries . Getting them in a bulk helps keeping some as backup when kids need them or you need them for remotes and such . When you can get them for a good price from Amazon , you ca n't beat the value .
 If you can get this a gold box deal then you 'll be saving a bunch . too bad they only let you buy one pack or I would have bought enough for an entire year !
 I am a big fan of Energizer batteries . They are one of 2 brands I will purchase . The price was fantastic and they arrived very quickly . Will definitely purchase this product again !
 i listen to my grundig portable radio day and night ... usually buy cheapest aa batteries , but these energizer max aa last longer . i like them
 If you have one of those finicky smoke alarms that only work with Energizer this is the right kind of battery to get . The four pack is convenient and the batteries seem to last a long time .
 I have Type 1 diabetes and use an insulin pump . My insulin pump company recommends that you use only Energizer Max alkaline batteries because other brands often are n't `` read '' correctly by the pump and the pump will reject them , saying the battery is no good . So I have always bought the Energizers . I have no access to Costco , WalMart or anything like that on a regular basis and do not drive so I usually get mine from Walgreens or CVS . Sometimes I 'd find a 16 pack of AAA on sale for $ 12 - $ 13 but the last time I checked the regular price was around $ 16 . When I saw Amazon had these as a Gold Box deal I ordered 3 packs that cost me half of the normal drugstore price . I was a little worried when I got them and the packaging looked slightly different than what I normally get . The ones I just got from Amazon seem to be made for the Canadian market . I do n't really care because they work in my insulin pump and I dont have to worry about buying batteries for more than a year -LRB- each one lasts 10 days for me -RRB- . I also use AAA batteries in some of my other diabetes equipment plus various remote controls.Even when I need batteries for other uses , such as a smoke detector or a scale , I buy Energizer . I 've found them to be more reliable than Duracell or any other brand .
 If you ever find yourself searching drawers for batteries , then this pack is for you . I ordered this with a deal of the day and am not disappointed . I have a Wii with multiple remotes and I have yet to purchase the rechargeable battery packs for the remotes . It never fails that when the batteries run out , there are never any around the house to replace them with . This came just in time to fix that problem and there are plenty left over for emergencies -LRB- because it wo n't be long before the bluetooth keyboard , mouse , or TV remote batteries need replacing I 'm sure ... -RRB- I am definitely not brand loyal when it comes to batteries and these seem to be as good as any . Finding room for all the packaging was a headache , so I just pulled out all the batteries and put them in a ziplock bag in my `` stuff '' drawer .
 I nearly purchased these in a local store for more than twice the price . Thank you , Amazon , for deals of the day .
 These Energizer alkaline batteries are good for my digital camera and remote control needs . We took advantage of an Amazon `` Gold Box '' sale to stock up AA and AAA packs , which should last us a good long time.I also like these are mercury free.Recommended!CFH
 The Energizer batteries are often the best value for the price as these batteries tend to run longer than `` discount '' batteries at a near discount price . We have been using Energizer as our primary battery brand around our home for many years due to the consistent reliability.One caveat - we 've found these batteries tend to leak battery acid `` easier '' than the gold capped batteries if left in a device for any length of time after they have discharged . I almost lost a NOAA weather alert radio last fall due to Energizer batteries corroding into the battery compartment.UPDATE
 They 're batteries . I put them into my remote clicker -LRB- aka fob -RRB- and presto chango ! It works again ! I 'm happy with them .
 We have not used any of the batteries in this package - not even to `` power '' the little free electric car that was included in the wrapper.I chose the Energizer brand and this size pack because we 've been quite satisfied with Energizer batteries in the past , Amazon has the best price per unit and I know we wo n't run out ... unless my 81 year old husband suddenly develops a great interest in playing with tiny little electric cars ... In fact , it is possible the batteries may be in the drawer long after their expiration date.But , heck , Amazon keeps asking me to write reviews on what I buy , so I did my best for y' all out there .
 Awesome deal on the batteries . They are all charged and ready to go ! Not disappointed at all . they were packed nicely in a padded envelope . I wish all products were packaged as nice as these were .
 They worked well and lasted a long time the first time I bought them . That 's why I made sure to get the same ones again-good batteries !
 Good buy for these batteries and better than the ones we usually get at discount stores . They are `` new '' batteries and not batteries that have sometimes been sitting in a warehouse or store for a long time .
 Works as advertised . -LRB- I 'm using it in my TI Nspire calculator and it last a long time ! -RRB- Would buy another to replace if it runs flat
 Purchased several of these packs to use with my battery operated Xmas decorations . All of the devices were on 6-8 hour timers each night , and the batteries were still working at the end of 4 weeks !
 I use these in a shower radio in my bathroom . Theyplay the radio well and last a long time . It is nice to NOT have to switch out batteries very often , even though I use that radio a lot .
 This is a nice little package of 9 volt batteries . The package is actually a little clear clamshell . I bought these to power my Rode VideoMic .
 After my husband passed away recently , I noticed that I had no extra batteries and I needed to restock . I obtained these along with 2 other sizes , and I 'm very happy with what I received .
 Not much to say about batteries really ... Got them as pictured for all the mechanical toys I got my god daughter for Christmas . They seem to do the job .
 These D cell batteries last the longest in our baby swing . We tried store brand , Duracell , Ever Ready and these -- I will be buying more of these when out 8 pack is gone .
 I thought I was going to be the only person to odrer batteries off the net , I see I 'm not alone in my nerdyness.These were a tad expensive , but I was working 15hr night shifts at the time -LRB- holidays -RRB- & could n't afford the time to stop & get batteries . They came Fresh & ready for use in my flashlight . : -RRB-
 Having a 17 month old child means buying batteries - lots of batteries . These have lasted a long time - worth the money .
 No further explanation needed . The packaging was a bit mangled , but the batteries inside were fine , so not an issue .
 Bought two and have used them while traveling . I like the multi-sized compartments -LRB- are all of YOUR pills the same size ?? -RRB- Also , the multiple sizes accommodates the fact that you do n't take the same NUMBER of pills for each pill you take . I like that each compartment has its own lid and the entire thing snaps shut with a little latch . Works perfectly and a good price .
 I originally bought one of these to store vitamins and meds for my kids when we travel . One at a time , I 've bought several more , since they are so very useful . I keep the jewelry I wear most often in one , and it 's so easy to pack up and drop in my toiletries bag when packing . It 's great for keeping almost any small items in . I 'm so glad I have them .
 I have used Old English Furniture Lemon Oil for years on both old and new furniture . The oil wipes away dust and smudges while giving old wood furniture a deeper wood tone . It also puts a refreshing scent in the room . I highly recommend this product .
 This product is more of an oil than a polish . It gives great luster to the wood and seeps into the wood for a long lasting and healthy shine .
 I have no complaints with this oil , however , if you go to Target , Target is selling the 12 oz spray bottle for $ 2.99 , and the 16 oz bottle for $ 3.69 . Amazon 's current price of $ 7 for 8 oz is way too high .
 HMM ... SMELLS GOOD AND DOES AN EFFECTIVE CLEANING AND POLISHJNG JOB . THIS OLD ENGLISH THAT I PURCHASED FROM AMAZON REALLY RESTORES DRY , TIRED , AND DULL APPEARING WOOD TO BRAND NEW.GIVE IT A TRY ON A SOME DUSTY , DULL PIECE OF FURNITURE .
 I have been using Old English oil for about 35 years now , starting with giant Pioneer HPM-100 speakers in the mid 70 's during the legendary global audio wars.The walnut wood veneered boxes soaked this stuff up like a sponge and emitted their satin luxuriousness throughout the room.In those days I used the red version which they no longer make , so along the way I switched to the lemon version and never regretted it.Just this morning I oiled up 2 hand turned wooden bowls of lovely spalted maple which are displayed on my Etsy store named Wood Magic or at the BrownCountyShops dot com site or even at my blog woodmagiccreations dot comSo if you have something made out of real wood and believe it is beautiful invest in a bottle of Old English , a brand new baby diaper , and have at it , then sit back and enjoy the radiance .
 This product not only cleans the wood , it restores a beautiful luster to the surface . I am very pleased to use this product on all of my furniture . It is good stuff .
 I used Old English for Light wood and it spruced up my end tables and my kitchen dining table . It brought out the grain and hid some scratches that appeared after years of use .
 I had wanted to order this item for my really old furniture to keep it looking a lot newer and I have not been disappointed with it . I have been happy with it and the results .
 A wonderful product ... it never fails to please meThe easiest way to keep your furniture looking its best .
 NOW Foods Coq10 100mg , 150 SoftgelsThis product is top notch . I have compared other makers and the quality is # 1 . Finding it here at such a savings was wonderful because price does matter and you do n't have to give up quality to save !
 It has been a long time since my watch has worked . It is back in business and I love that this little ole battery is the reason .
 It was exactly the correct battery . It saved tons of time running around the mall trying to find it ! And it was a lot cheaper too
 Battery was a fair price and was mailed promptly . I put it into my watch and I was good to go . Sure beats the $ 20 price the jeweler at the mall was going to charge me .
 This product is exactly what I wanted . I have a short torso but this support fits me just right . The quality is excellent and it washes up well .
 I wear this when I strain my back . It really helps and after a couple of days my back pain is gone . I think this forces my back into alignment and allows my muscles to relax and heal . I have tried other back braces and this is the only one that works . I gave one to my brother and he loves it .
 My heart doc prescribed this for me and I could not find it anywhere locally , , , but went on line to my favorite shopping venue -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- and alas , there it was . I have been very pleased with the product and will certainly order it again for as long as my doc prescribes it 's use .
 This is a good cheap alternative to over priced drug store versions . I reach for this first before the `` nitequil '' or cold meds at the first sign of a cold , or when those around me are sick . Keeps your immune system up and boosts when you are not 100 % . I only use it 2-3 caps 2 -3 times a day for a few days only when feeling like I might get sick or to avoid the bug that everyone else is fighting , that and extra Vit C doses does the trick almost every time , or at least shortens the time down .
 It is a very good supplement for everyday specially in the winter time or when the climate is more severe . It is easy to swallow and no side effects have been observed .
 This supplement really did help me to hold off a cold when we were expecting guests and I did n't want to infect anyone .
 This item came quickly and wrapped expertly . It will continue to help my family stay healthy during the cold season
 I ca n't imagine surviving the winter colds and flu season without this product being handy in my family medicine cabinet .
 Good supplemental pills . Good price . Fast shipping . Good pop open container . -LRB- Not a fan of the screw-on caps -RRB- Easy to swallow gel tablets .
 This product is exactly what I wanted . I have a short torso but this support fits me just right . The quality is excellent and it washes up well .
 I wear this when I strain my back . It really helps and after a couple of days my back pain is gone . I think this forces my back into alignment and allows my muscles to relax and heal . I have tried other back braces and this is the only one that works . I gave one to my brother and he loves it .
 While this is a product that I purchase regularly -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , there is a better value on Amazon that is double the number for about the same price . Unfortunately , I picked the wrong one .
 A lot of tea for the price ... ... no sweetener needed ... The product works better than I expected it to . I also did n't realize how much I was ordering . I am enjoying this product . Has very good taste .
 This tea has a superb taste . I actually look forward to drinking this tea with my dinner . Now that it is summer I drink is as an iced tea , but this is also a very delicious hot drink too ! I use splenda and fresh mint when I brew it . Fabulous !
 Reality strikes . I have been drinking this tea every night for 10 years ! It is the best thing to keep me on the straight n narrow !
 Ok , so the `` Dieter 's '' part is just a gimmick . But this tea really does a great job of keeping things moving , if you catch my drift . Follow the directions carefully ! Steep it too long and you will spend a lot of time in the bathroom . This is my favorite flavor .
 I recieved the product in a nice time frame and it lived up to my expectations . I would recommend it .
 First and foremost make sure you DO NOT let this tea steep too long . If you let it steep for the recommended two minutes , you should n't have to run to the bathroom like your pants are on fire ! If you let it steep for the 2 minutes , it 's a decent trip to the bathroom ... not explosive diarrhea.With the way we eat -LRB- mostly women -RRB- we need to clean out our plumbing every once in a while and this is a fabulous way to do it . It 's not recommended for everyday use !
 I did not buy this tea through amazon . . But from my grandmothers cabinet -LRB- haha -RRB- . I have been dieting for the past 3 months now , and i was completely oblivious to special teas for cleansing although i know of drinks/pills that cleanse , I wanted to steer clear of any type of pill and again oblivious to benefits of cleansing -LRB- even when not dieting -RRB- . Now I tried this tea two months ago & only because of the words `` Super Dieters '' I thought ohh special tea so i drank it -LRB- in the evening -RRB- it did for me do its job and loosen things up which i found odd at first then i read the package , and then I got it . So for me it did help being that I usually dont um go as much as I should and this has helped that . Not only that but since I have been using it along with my eatting habits , and exercise my diet has been showing better results nothing drastic but still better results and that is always great ! This tea -LRB- Cinnamon Spice -RRB- I think tastes devine , I do add not even a teaspoon of sugar but I think this tea does n't even need sugar at all -LRB- i just like it sweeter -RRB- . But all in all I do and have recommended this tea to a few family members and friends -LRB- who do and dont diet -RRB- because i love the taste and the results I 'm having with it .
 This product is great it really works . I have lost a total of 15 pounds in two months wihout exercising . I reconmend this product to everyone .
 This tea product got me running alright , to the crapper . But it did help loose about 10 lbs , mostly compacted fecal matter . I also feel more energized and feeling alot better . Before taking this product my best friend was a couple of cups of black coffee but since taking this for the last month my craving for coffee and sweets has subsided , however i now have to bulk up on toilet paper . Great product great buy !
 I love this product , it helps keep things moving ! I use it twice a day afternoon and evening while dieting . A great product for helping maintain your weight .
 I have used this product in the past and was highly satisfied . It works very well . I would just caution first time users not to make the tea too strong or your results may be `` too good '' .
 This product works very well . It taste great . Its a nice touch to the end of a day . PLEASE USE AS DIRECTED ! PLEASE !!!!!
 I have been using this tea for a few years now , and I drink the full 2 cups every night before I go to bed . It begins to take effect the next morning . I gave a bag to a friend to try & she loved it as well , she now orders it online .
 Works great for me and also help me with my weight . I do n't like the drink as much but I drink it as needed .
 When doing a low-carb diet , constipation can often be a problem , especially in the beginning stages when the carbs are the most restrictive . It 's a complaint many people have about low-carbing . Now , if you 're doing it right , it should n't be that way , but sometimes it just happens . Also , someone with chronic illnesses and also those who take pain medication regularly might find themselves with a bout of constipation too . So while I know this is called a ` dieter 's tea ' and I know that some people use it for cleansing and even for dangerous weight loss by drinking too much of it to ` flush out ' the foods they eat , this tea can actually be used safely and for good purposes when used properly for constipation relief.It takes a little bit to find the right level of brewing to make this work for you . Too little , and it does n't do much , too much and you 'll explode and run to the bathroom almost right after drinking it . Find the right balance , the right steeping level vs. water for you , and you 'll simply have a normal , easy relief the next morning . Once or twice per week , after a meal , works great for most folks I 've talked to . Works wonderful for me when needed.The flavor is great too . I 've tried the other flavors of this brand , and I do n't like them . My best friend likes the lemon though , so to each their own , but for me , the cinnamon is the best . It 's lightly sweet on its own , but sometimes I 'll still add a little honey.Good stuff , and if properly steeped , it does n't cause cramping or pain or unflattering gas , with a decent taste . Definitely recommend if it 's something you need .
 I was very happy with my order . It arrived on time and as described . Thank you !!
 I use this tea regularly . It really does the job and keeps things working ... if you know what I mean . I reuse the tea bags .
 LL is a great cleanser but be aware that when it goes to work you should be near a facility . I find it a bit harsh and prefer Mirolax which is tasteless and has a much milder effect ... at least for me . However , the first time I used LL , I lost 5 pounds in 3 days . Everyone is different so do n't take that as &#34; your &#34; baseline . Ca n't hurt to try . I usually mix it with a flavored tea -LRB- berry , peach , orange etc. -RRB- as the taste alone leaves a bit to be desired for my pallet .
 I 'm sooo happy I found this tea on Amazon.com . The price for 60 bags is unbelievable at best . I have always purchased this tea with 30 tea bags for 8.99 from a local merchant in my neighborhood . In an attempt save more of my hard earned money , I began checking prices of my favorite things elsewhere and low and behold I found my tea on Amazon.com . I now get 30 more bags -LRB- a total of 60 -RRB- for about 3.00 more . I have a good mind to stand outside of his store and advise the patrons to check Amazon for any products he sells . I 've already found several at much cheaper prices on Amazon . Hell , he probably orders from Amazon and re-sales the product . THANK YOU AMAZON !
 I love this tea . The taste is great and works well . I drink 2 cups a day and feel amazing . Will keep buying for sure .
 On days when ice and snow lasts for weeks , and when I know I need to have a boost with cleansing , and do n't want to drive , free shipping and great pricing make this an easy choice for purchase on Amazon !
 This is far and away the best cinnamon tea I have ever found . It 's quite difficult to find a cinnamon tea without added flavors like apple . This is just cinnamon tea , and it 's aroma and taste is that of fresh cinnamon . Also I drink this after dinner to curb my carb cravings , and amazingly , it does the trick .
 The tea is delicious , but I have n't experience the &#34; runs &#34; as mentioned by other reviewers -- even when I let it steep for a long period . I have , over a period of a week , found myself to be more regular . Overall , I like the product and will continue to use it to promote regularity . Maybe being more regular will get that scale moving downward again . : -RRB-
 Sometimes this tea works as I tended other times it does n't . This may be because I have IBS , and the senna in tea sometimes upsets my stomach . You need to drink plenty of water though or it 's less effective .
 I like this product , but I would n't use it daily . I learned this the hard way . It is stronger then you think !!!!!
 I 've used this product for the last 15 or so years and it is good for one primary thing
 This tea works on my fiance 's digestive track as she has an issue with colitis and this product along with essential enzymes helps her to absorb and digest foods that otherwise would give her pains while in her digestive track , Thank you for making this product we plan to continue using it as long as we can .
 One must know that this dieter 's tea helps mostly by moving your bowels along . Be careful at first , or it will be unpleasant !
 I love this tea the taste is really good and it smells good as well my husband and I are year around tea drinkers and also we dont even have to add any sugar -LRB- well I use honey on some teas -RRB- but this one you do n't need anything extra and I will say it really does work drink plenty of water threw out the day ... . And usually in the am you will be cleaning it out lol ... I did n't have any stomach pains or anything but I eat well also !! I recommend this to any and everyone !!
 I never drink this tea alone . I always steep it with another tea , such as Oolong or Jasmine because the taste is n't the best . I use honey and sugar to sweeten and down the hatch it goes ! Expect some , um , gastrointestinal responses the next day . Sometimes I feel a bit of cramping and sometimes I do n't . Sometimes it will take most of the next day for it to ` work ' ... and sometimes it wo n't !!
 I 'm going to talk about poop in my review , so if that offends you , please skip reading this ! I 've tried the `` original '' flavor -LRB- which is ... herb-y and kind of gross -RRB- , but this is a review for the cinnamon spice -LRB- which is still slightly herb-y , but tastes pretty decent . -RRB- I never understand why these teas are marketed as `` dieter 's tea '' . Do n't use this to lose weight . The only weight you 'll lose is from all that crap and water you 're expelling from your bowels -LRB- literally crap . I made a poop joke . Hehe . Okay , sorry . Back to my review . -RRB- If you want to lose weight , eat less `` standard American diet '' foods , eat more veggies , and move more . The end . Seriously , do n't use this as your weight loss method . I 've tried it , and it just gives you stomach cramps for a few weeks , and you 'll lose more friends than pounds because basically you just have diarrhea all the time.The real purpose of the product ? It 's for pooping.This is a laxative tea for when you 're constipated . If you 've never had this before , here 's what I discovered about a decade ago , when I was a teenager with body image issues and found my mom 's `` dieter 's tea ''
 Have used this product for many years - but only as a way to &#34; regulate &#34; ... . My husband fights keeping his bowel movements regular daily - I just have a little cup of &#34; diet tea &#34; every evening - and &#34; wallah &#34; ! no problems here ... lol . I do not use it as a weight/diet program ; but for this reason , it works for me ...
 I have been using Laci Le Beau Super Dieters Tea for years . There is no subsitute . Many women in my family use it as well . This keeps me moving better than anything else and I suffer from Chronic Constipation . I would recommend this to anyone who could use a gentle , natural laxitive . I 've never felt like I 've taking a harsh stimulant , it just makes you feel & go like normal :-RRB- I hate poop talk but this is worth sharing ! LOL
 I do n't use this tea for dieting but more so for a natural cleanse to keep the body free of harmful toxins . It is very effective have used it for years ! First time users may experiece cramping but , after awhile they cease . Great Effective Product !
 When I was growing up we were taught , that to clean your teeth you needed a firm bristle toothbrush . Other toothbrushes were available though . Now we are being told that you should use a soft bristle brush . Have you ever used a soft bristle toothbrush , and then used a hard bristle one back to back ? You would immediately notice that the hard bristle brush cleans much better . Now why would the American Dental Association change their message and start telling people to use a soft bristle toothbrush that does n't clean your teeth as well ? Maybe because they want you to spend more money on your dental visits . So that dentists might be able to make more money on your decaying teeth . Why are firm bristle toothbrushes so hard to find now ? Why are my choices being limited now , as to what is available for me to use ? I have never had a problem with using a firm bristle toothbrush , and I think the stories they cite of people who rub off their own enamel are of people who have obsessive compulsive disorder and brush their teeth too much . If you wash your hands too much they will start to bleed as well , but I do n't think you should then out law wash clothes.This toothbrush is a classic firm bristle toothbrush that really works , and I have used this particular type for several years now , but it is getting harder and harder to find . I suggest that you buy several if you buy any because I fear that soon they will no longer be available anywhere . Maybe even you noticed just how hard it was to find a firm bristle toothbrush . A firm bristle toothbrush is where its at .
 I can never find a FIRM toothbrush in the store anymore . These are very firm and have a good gripping handle .
 This toothbrush was an excellent product at a reasonable price . Plus , my husband , who is quite picky about toothbrushes , gave this one his seal of approval .
 This firm toothbrush does what a toothbrush should do , it cleans teeth very well . I was unable to find a firm toothbrush in Walmart but was fortunate to find this one on Amazon.com . This sells for a reasonable price and I hope the company continues to make them .
 This is the best tooth brush I have found . I highly recommend it . This is the second time I 'm ordering through Amazon because I can not find these in firm in any local store . I suggest ordering more than one since they are inexpensive and you can consolidate shipping . No toothbrush lasts forever .
 I 've used Tek toothbrushes for years . The dentists pass out Oral-B but I much prefer the Tek . They are a good size , fit nicely in your hand and last a long time . You can not beat the price . I recommend these to anyone trying to save money in this economy .
 We use these brushes in our manufacturing . They work great and this was a much better price than my previous source .
 I use this in my home and also in my vacation rental beds . The smell is clean and fresh , very natural . I love it
 The fresh cut grass smell of this spray is delightful . I used this at home for the longest time and decidedto bring a bottle to work -LRB- medical office -RRB- for use in the restroom . I swear sales for the company must havegone up as every patient that exited the restroom asked where they could buy the spray . Light airy scent nochemical smell . A must have ! Great gift too .
 It feels as if it needs careful handling or it might upset the handle . I am very careful when putting it for charge .
 No artificial sweeteners or garbage . DOES taste good and no nasty aftertaste . I use it as a supplement to ensure I get the protein I need . Am happy with it .
 I have been using this product for over 25 years . It was recomended to me by a lil ole sweet Irishlady in a health food store . She said not only was the calcium good for you but since it 's time released it will help you to sleep ; if taken fairly soon before bedtime . She was right !!!! It is by far the BEST product around for the intake of Calcium for us women who NEED to take it for our bones.Also the delivery time was great . I received the product within a few days of ordering. :-RRB- I recommend it over any and all other products conatining calcium . I never buy at a phramacy ; only a health food store . The majority of time I must order in advance , -LRB- which can take up to 2 weeks -RRB- they ca n't keep enough on the shelf fast enough !!!!
 I like this formula . The price was significantly lower than my health food store , and an added bonus , the pills are relatively easy to get down . They 're big , but because they 're a capsule they slide . Delivery was prompt and I was glad to locate the brand I wanted on Amazon .
 I ca n't find these in any of my local stores - they do n't have any after taste or chaulky flavor - my favorite for heart burn .
 I love this product . It has worked well for me and I will buy more in future when the need arises
 these are so hard to find , actually you cant find them at all anymore . I love the flavor of the Chocolate
 Great tasting tums ... arent ' very chalky or nasty like some other tums . My wife even likes them and she normally hates tums .
 THESE TAKE CARE OF MY INDIGESTION . THE SIZE OF TH BOTTLE IN PERFECT . YOU CA TAKE THEM WITH YOU IF YOU THINK YOU WILL NEED THEM .
 You should immediately buy some Tums and put them at your desk at work for those sudden moments where you have tons of stuff due and you stomach decides to wring itself out . The only downside is everybody else will take them , too . Hide them under a pile of papers !
 Why did they ever stop making these ? The tabs are effective and even taste good . I miss them very much .
 They are very tasty and smooth . The only problem is that you have to take 3 of them at a time .
 This product does the job that it 's supposed to do - stop heartburnin it 's tracks -- it does that job quite well !! and it has a pleasant tasteand not a chackie taste to boot .
 I needed Tums for my pregnancy-induced heartburn , but I was nervous about the berry fusion flavor . I expected it to be sickeningly sweet , but the flavor is actually great -- much better than original Tums . I will definitely order this flavor again . I like Tums because I know they are 100 % safe to use in pregnancy , and they help ease heartburn and sour stomach .
 great tums antacid deal , as described by the seller.arrived on time and got what i paid for.great for my heartburn , works in seconds as they claim and taste good too .
 This flavor is wonderful but , it 's very hard to find . The only store that did carry it was over 50 miles away and they no longer have it . Reason unknown .
 Why they took these off the market I 'll never know . The cocoa and creme flavor is delicious!I guess I 'll continue to get them online .
 A friend of mine recommended this flavor to me one day and then proceeded to tell me she thought they had discontinued this particular flavor . I had tried the fruit smoothies flavors and was a fan but the cocoa and creme sounded like a dream . She emailed me the link that night to Amazon.com where she once again found the cocoa and creme . I received my order quickly and after just one I agreed with her that this was the best Tums I had ever tried and would gladly sit down and eat the whole bottle . I proceeded to order 2 more bottles in fear that I would never find them again . Now my husband who rarely gets indigestion has invaded my stash claiming heart burn that I 'm pretty sure does n't exist but at least he 's getting the calcium . Thanks Tums !!! But why did you take this flavor off the market ????? Please , please bring it back .
 I order these Tums especially from Amazon , because I ca n't get them in the store any longer . I can get them auto-shipped , which is so handy ! These Tums take care of my acid reflux within only a couple minutes and I get my calcium this way too ! This product is AWESOME !!!!
 I can not find this flavor at any store , I think it 's the best . Plus if you have n't had a smoothie tum stop what you 're doing and go buy some !!!
 These are great . I do n't use them often but they are the ONLY Tums I have ever been able to handle the taste of . The chocolate flavor IS a fake taste but it 's not sickening and does n't have an aftertaste . These get the job done for those with mild heartburn . I just wish I could find them in stores , instead my husband and I scouted everywhere for them to no avail and the price here 's a bit steep -LRB- but we decided it 's worth it for an infrequent use item -RRB- .
 All the other fruit flavors and mint flavors are absolutely NOT what you want to taste when you have a sour stomach . The vanilla cream and especially the coco flavors are particularly sooth & creamy but unfortunately are becoming increasingly rare to find . Surly hope are n't discontinuing this item because I have never heard it even advertised and I 'm sure it would be flying off the shelf if they did .
 Not only do these taste the best out of all the flavors I tried , but they do n't have as many - or in some cases any , I think - of the artificial dye chemicals that the colored Tums have . As a pregnant woman who goes through 7-10 of these A DAY on average , it 's important to me that a -RRB- I 'm putting any unnecessary chemicals into my system that can harm my developing baby , and b -RRB- these things taste decently ! The only problem with them is they 're difficult to find in the stores .
 This is one of the best antacids available . Not only does it take out your heartburn but it tastes great with no bad aftertaste like most of them have . They are not gritty and Chalky . I have never figured out how some of these items can be both gritty and chalky at the same time but many of the other ones are that way . NOT THESE !! I have actually taken one just because the flavor was so good and I wished to take a bad taste out of my mouth . I LOVE these . Dray
 Great product . Taste is mild and much better than those fruity flavors . Who wants sickenly sweet when your stomach is upset ?
 Cocoa and Creme tums are the best flavor ! I am having difficulty finding them in stores , so I ordered through Amazon . If you have n't tried them , order some .
 Why all the stores stopped carrying this product is a mystery to me!I have searched , called and emailed letters ... apparently the `` Cocoa and Creme '' can only be ordered online now , where I live . I do n't get heartburn very often but when I do , this is a nice mellow way to soothe it . I could never use the mint or berry flavors , which would seem to make the heartburn worse but for some reason that is what they are stocking the store shelves with these days.I will continue to order online since this is the only flavor I can handle and sometimes it 's just nice for a quick choco-fix with calcium , yum .
 These are the best Tums that I have tried . I would prefer a bottle of just vanilla without the cocoa , but I can just use all the vanilla and leave the cocoa for my husband . Amazon is the only place I have been able to find these in the past year . They had them at my local store , and then they were gone . It takes a lot for me to seek out a certain product , instead of adapting to what is available locally .
 After reading the reviews posted , I felt it necessary to post a review as well . This product is helpful when cross contamination or accidental glutening occurs . It is by no means a substitute for a gluten free lifestyle for those diagnosed with celiac disease . It helps alleviate symptoms caused by gluten for those who suffer . For my husband , it helps alleviate symptoms when he has ingested gluten accidentally , however there is NO guarantee that it is preventing damage to your small intesting and the host of side effects you can have from uncontrolled celiac disease . Use this product , but carefully !
 I first found out about Gluten Ease when I encountered it in a natural foods store back in 2006 . I immediately bought a bottle to try , and was pleasantly surprised that it works.I have never been diagnosed with celiac disease or gluten intolerance but I am pretty sure that I do n't tolerate wheat products well . In my food journals and on elimination diets , I observed that I felt horribly tired after eating pasta , bread and any wheat product . Furthermore , whole wheat products that I thought would be better for me would give me severe indigestion and sharp stabbing pains in my stomach , colon and bowels.I take one Gluten Ease capsule right before consuming a small portion of wheat product -LRB- eg one serving of pasta is 1/2 cup -RRB- . Since the capsule contains enzymes that digest gluten and lactose , it makes sense to take another pill if I eat more servings or if I stretch the meal out over a longer period.I rarely feel the need to eat wheat products nowadays but it 's nice to be sociable and eat food at family dinners . Gluten Ease is a great ` antidote ' that I can take and it only costs 50 cents per capsule.Highly recommended .
 All my kids and I get sick when eating trace amounts of wheat . Now we can eat anything ! I am not sure how safe it is to use for regular use , so we only use it to eat out about twice a month .
 I suffer from celiac disease and have severe allergy to wheat , gluten , etc. . I usually get so sick I vomit and feel like dying . With this product I can eat all the cake and hot rolls I want !! It really works , thanks making life more enjoyable now that I can eat cookies again .
 Helps with the flashes ! But you have to remember to take them regularly and not skip a day . Also , you have to take a few before they affect the flashes
 speedy delivery and great products . I use them all the time and I can depend on this company to get my supplements to me in a timely manner . I use these all year . I have used them many times in the past and will continue to do so .
 I have been using this product for a couple years . It works great in keeping my complexion blemish free .
 The Corona Carbon Fiber cigar case is a very understated yet sophisticated way to show you know the best when you see it . This case is very classy and holds two good sized cigars -- up to a 52 ring gauge cigar will fit inside and length can be up to about 6.5 inches -- depending on shape , sometimes you must precut a pyramid cigar , but that 's no problem as you 're going to smoke it anyway ...
 What are you going to do -- you bought this expensive toothbrush , and now you have to pay for the heads . You have to take it apart EVERY DAY to clean it ; I bought a sonicare cover to keep it dry . The brush heads do n't last as long as they 're supposed to , but I 'm a vigorous brusher -LRB- they last me a month and a half at best -RRB- . .
 Very nice product ! Your teeth just feel very clean after using it , much more than with a regular brush for the same amount of time . The one drawback is that it 's difficult to clean the under/inner potion of the brush head . So it gets a bit grimy with old saliva well before you 're supposed to replace it -LRB- even if you wash it every week as recommended -RRB- . But other than that , it works great , including good battery life .
 I ordered on Wednesday , was delivered to me on Friday -LRB- that was with the free shipping too ! -RRB- I 've been using Sonicare brushes for about two years now , and will never go back . The brushes are more expensive , but it 's well worth it . My teeth feel much cleaner , and are whiter.Great service from Amazon .
 The E-seris are simply a fantastic toothbrush . Ergonomic , effective and actually very good value . If you are sill using manual brushes you really have to stump up the extra few dollars investment and get one of these . They are 10x better than a manual . The replacement heads just keep a good purchase lasting longer . My teeth are in excellent condition and it is mostly due to this tootbrush , get one .
 I got my Sonicare toothbrush about 4 years ago . At first , it felt weird using it - getting used to the vibrations and all . Now , I will never use anything else . The clean feeling is great . You just feel the total , deep down clean after you use this . The replacement heads can be pricey , but you can score some really good deals if you keep an eye out . It is very worth the price in my opinion and would definitely recommend it to anyone who can afford it . I plan on buying my 14 yr old son a Sonicare for Christmas this year . He has been asking me for one and I think it is a great investment on a very practical and useful gift .
 The Sonicare toothbrush was recommended to me by my dentist a couple of years ago . She told me it was the best toothbrush I could use , and I definitely think she was right . Like other reviewers have said , the replacement heads are expensive . But costly dental work is MORE expensive ! These brush heads are just the right size for the average adult mouth and get my teeth sparkly clean . The health of my gums has improved greatly since using the Sonicare , too . Here 's a hint ... Purchase these replacement heads under Amazon 's subscription plan and you win two ways
 Sonicare really is the best . Seems expensive , but buying new brush heads makes a difference , and spending some extra on your dental care is definitly worth it when you consider the money you 're saving on fillings etc. in the long run .
 There is no other choice really when using the Philips Sonicare Elite handle.Coming from an Oral-B Triumph FlossAction brush head product , the Philips Sonicare E Series brush head is more gentle , yet more powerful in cleaning action thanks to the sonic technology.I did n't appreciate the fact that with Oral-B you had so many different kinds of brush heads specifically `` marketed '' for a specific use . More importantly , the high-end FlossAction brush head could not be used for people using all kinds of braces . I did write and inquire with Oral-B and they did confirm and pointed me to purchasing the Oral-B Ortho brush head . If I wanted to polish my teeth , why they just had one specifically called the `` PowerPolisher '' . I mean , is this really necessary granted I see a dentist every 6 months and yet I have to buy into the hype.SONICARE E SERIES ... So I instead bought into the Sonicare Elite brush which offers the standard or the compact head . That 's it . Let the power of the sonic technology blast away dirt stuck on your tooth.The brush head is simple , yet powerful . You feel your teeth and gums squeaky clean . I then wrote Philips and they said it was safe to use with braces.Compared to Oral-B FlossAction , the brush handles the gums with more care and less sensitivity experienced . I can only wish I chose this brand sooner . I thought Oral-B would be a better brand , but it turns out to be only more expensive and less efficient in handling the brushing power.HOWEVER ... I ca n't give it perfect stars for the following reasons :1 . Philips Sonicare used to state to replace their brush heads every 6 months which makes it more economical and efficient . However , they have now revised this and instead cut the life span in half and imitated the others in suggesting 3 months of use between replacement.Perhaps they decided to double their profits , realized the user odor complaints from residue build-up or made their brush heads less efficient to facilitate faster replacement .2 . Needs waterproofing which apparently does not exist between the handle and brush head up to the Sonicare Elite line . There silicone gasket does not properly seal water , toothpaste and saliva from entering into the screw base of the handle . If you do n't regularly dismantle the brush head from the base handle then you will develop bacteria and gunk causing a foul odor.The only solution is to redesign this E Series brush head as well as create a watertight seal in between the screw in of the base . This may not come at all because Philips brought out their FlexCare toothbrush line which imitate into the design of the Oral-B power brushes by having a small metal rod stick out of the handle . No more screwing of the brush head to the handle means eliminating the chance of water going into the crevices.An alternative solution is to purchase a third-party silicone insert wrapping into the head . I do n't buy into this because it does n't eliminate the need to wash your toothbrush on a regular basis . And second , it does n't guarantee that water , saliva and toothpaste will NOT enter in between the silicone wrap and brush head this time . So now you have double duty to clean in between the silicone.The best solution for me is to simply wash the brush head and base each and every time after brushing . It 's a simple unscrewing action to wash away bacteria and let both air dry while disassembled . If you start with this method , you will find it a natural part of the routine.IN THE MEANTIME ... Time will tell if Philips decides to improve this E Series line or totally eliminate it in place of the FlexCare line.Although the cost of the brush head is more than the cost of a manual toothbrush , you ca n't even begin to compare and imagine the efficiency of a power toothbrush let alone a sonic power toothbrush to help eliminate and whiten your teeth.If you have n't made the switch , I believe this is a good time to invest in a power model and especially the Sonicare Elite model for you and your family .
 Have owned my set for over 11 years -LRB- forget where I bought it from -RRB- but have never had a problem . Use the otoscope attachment the most have used everything at one time or another . Would recommend as an affordable kit for professional use .
 A very cost effective diagnostic set that performs well . I have used other kits whose cost are 10x this set . I 'm pleased with the Riester . Happy to recommend it .
 The product is a good value at the price I paid . The only negative was it was shipped in the manuf . original box but this was placed in an empty box for shipping and there was no packing around it .
 I found that each item of the Otoscope/Opthalmascope Combo Kit was precision made and more than exceeded my expectations in workmanship ...
 I have been very pleased by my Riester diagnostic kit . It is of a great quality and value . I highly recommend it .
 Thanks for everything.Pretty Good . !!!!!! Excellent.Joel O.
 Renew Life 's FiberSmart is a great alternative and/or addition to psyllium fiber products . My family swears by this stuff . Four capsules 1-3 times per day taken with plenty of water gives you superior fiber sources -LRB- flax seed , borage seed , fennel seed , etc. -RRB- as well as a helpful probiotic combination to nurture/protect your `` good bacteria '' intestinal ecosystem . Worth the price ... it 's a staple in my household .
 After suffering for over a year with intense stomach problems and losing over 30 lbs . in two months because I was n't able to eat , I found a book that saved my life . It is called Gut Solutions by Renew Life . Even my gastroenterologist , who looked at me one day and said `` I just do n't know where to go from here with you '' , was amazed at my improvement after reading this book and taking the recommended supplements . I used to suffer from frequent yeast infections too but not anymore . The pre and probiotics in this Fiber Smart cured that and the wonderful sources of fiber in this product helped too . I would recommend any Renew Life product and especially their book Gut Solutions to anyone suffering from stomach issues .
 After taking long and strong antibiotics for mastitis - developed IBS - for lack of a better description that is what I call it . The GI physician said that receptor cells had been damaged ... anyway , Tried many things including prescription drugs without success . Fiber Smart was the first product of many that worked for me and reduced dramaticly the sx.s ... I believe if one product does not work rather than condeming all ... try another with a different combination of probiotics , fiber , etc. . Never know what will make a difference .
 These fiber smart capsules are really effective and work as advertised . The price is right too , much cheaper than I can purchase locally . I would not hesitate to purchase them again when I run out of my current supply .
 This was exactly as described on your site . The price was really much reduced from what I have been paying at local Health Food Stores . The size of the bottle was 200 capsules whereas the one I have been buying was 120 capsules . This bottle was much cheaper than the smaller one I have been buying of the same brand .
 This seems to be the best product to use to resolve life-long constipation issues . It does n't just bulk you up it has enzymes to help with the digestive process to get things moving .
 My wife uses this , and it seems to be working for her . I like the fact that one can usually find what you want on amazon , and normally for less that a trip to a local Wal-mart or any other retail store .
 My daughter has been irregular and I wanted a fiber that had probiotics . This has helped her tremendously .
 After having tried multiple products , this is the one that does the trick and Amazon 's price ca n't be beat !!
 I have been using this product for many years and used to purchase from the health food stores in Maryland . Now that I live Arizona costs and sales tax are much higher so by purchasing form Amazon it is saving me a lot of money .
 Very pleased with this product and it really works . Would recommend for anyone who has bowel problems . It worked well on my husband .
 i had been using something that was a bit more expensive and a bit less &#34; friendly &#34; to my system . it was effective , but i was worried that it would damage me . this stuff is great .
 Renew Life makes quality products and this is definitely a good one . I take two capsules per day and it works great for me . A good value with this large size - 200 capsules . I can not tolerate many fiber products but this one does not cause the side effects that many fiber supplements do . I will definitely buy it again .
 This is a great product and will help keep things moving like they should . It also helps with weight loss .
 Not only does this supplement work great to promote regularity , it contains flax seed , a good source of omega-3 , glutamine , a preferred nutrient of intestinal cells -LRB- according to my dietitian friends -RRB- , and probiotics to recharge the gut with healthy bacteria . I am a pharmacist , and recommend this product over the conventional fiber supplements sold in regular stores , because it 's more natural . Have used this for years ; it 's a great supplement .
 Bought this for my mother who is almost 90 ! It is very stable and light for her to use . The adjustable length works well for her short stature !
 We bought this for my wife 's grandmother after pricing a similar cane offered directly from her HMO . The HMO wanted 70 dollars for the same cane . My wife 's grandmother loves that it is lightweight and offers her stability . She attends an elderly facility a few days during the week . All of the staff were impressed and are interested in ordering for other patients . Highly recommended !
 I purchased this quad cane for my 87 year old mother . She was comfortable using it because it did n't look like the one from the hospital . It provides her with just the extra support she needs to walk without holding on to someone .
 Other reviewers got this one right . The cane was delivered in about a day and a half . Great support for my 85 year-old grandma who wanted to switch from a one-pronged cane to something with more support . She appreciated having the choice of color . She says she does n't know what she did without this cane !
 I bought this for my mom , and within a few days she received it and she was very pleased with the appearance of the floral design , more fun than the plain ones ! It is adjustable so that whether you 're short or maybe taller , no problem , it is simple to adjust to your height and give you the product that you need for added stability ! This is very sturdy and a well made cane to give years of added assurance in ambulation .
 This quad is light weight which others have not been . It 's a bit difficult to get used to using and I would suggest directions . After using a regular cane for years , you want to put down just one leg and that doesnt ' work too well : -RRB-
 I purchased this quad cane in the black color for my mom . The price was right , has sturdy construction , and the color purchased was perfect because it blends in well without being very noticeable . It does have a large sticker on the front that needs to be removed , but it came off quickly with WD40 ! It gave my mom a little extra security walking heading into winter . Great buy .
 This Duro-Med Quad Cane is excellent . I bought it for my mother-in-law and she is very happy with its light weight and stability . It is very strong too . And for $ 25.07 , it is a great deal .
 Highly recommend this cane . It provided my mother with significantly more stability when walking and added confidence . Plus , the cane comes in an attactive blue color that she liked .
 Great cane for people who need more stability than a regular cane provides . I use it at night when I get up from bed to go to the bathroom.Well made product and easy to adjust .
 I agree with Pam , Joe , Rita and Kerry . However , I think Ali Julia got it the most right . The cane is wobbly and off-set , but if you make the effort to learn how to use it it will probably be just fine . I am 68 yrs . old and 4 ' 11 '' and weigh 125 lbs . I ca n't imagine a much larger person feeling safe with it . I called Customer Service at DMI for some information since the cane did not come with any instructions and was rather quickly disconnected while trying to explain my reason for calling . I did not call back and Customer Service did not return my call . As usual , Amazon did a great job getting my purchase to me .
 Excellent product , recently bought another one . I often need an aid to stand and or walk . I have an assortment of walking aids
 I purchased this cane for my very tiny , but perfect , 96 year old mom . She really likes it , and she looks great using it . Very stylish . Shipping was fast . Highly recommend .
 After reading all of the reviews for adjustable quad canes , I selected this one in silver . It replaces a black one that was provided by my health plan ... this one is much sturdier . It is totally adjustable and since I am very short and also left handed it is perfect for me . I read that several of you had problems removing the labels or stickers . Try using a product such an UNDU adhesive remover . It removed the little bits of the label that did not totally peel off and my cane is now lovely and sticker free . I would test an inconspicuous place first to make sure it wo n't damage the finish . It was fine for the silver paint . I 'm also very impressed with the fast shipping I received from this company . Thanks To Amazon and Just Home Medical !
 It 's a free standing cane with the base , so you can leave it with a hat rag when you sit down , and it does give you more support for balance when you need it !
 I like this cane very much , I don ' use it all the time , I am a bit unstable , but whenever I have used it I like it .
 It 's great , and I love the coloring . It would probably have been a better choice if I had ordered a larger based cane , but I 've learned over time that a tall walking ` stick ' -LRB- cut from my crepe myrtle bush/tree -RRB- provides the best support for me . I have one at the front door and one at the back ... I seem to function OK inside the house.One important tip about the quad cane ... try different settings as to height . A pro did it for me and it was a great help when she adjusted it to a little higher setting.ktOf course , once again , Amazon 's quick service was great .
 i am recovering from a broken ankle and this cane works well because of balance problems . A one point straight cane can not provide enough support .
 Well worth the money . I 'm satisfied with this purchase . I do agree with another reviewer about the large sticker on the cane . There are actually 2 stickers on the front that distract from the cane . It took about 40 minutes and an application of `` Goo Gone '' and the problem was solved . I would n't let the stickers be an obstacle to buying the cane . But if you want the higher priced colors and do n't want to take the time to remove the stickers then it is something to think about . The cane is lightweight but very sturdy . I trust it completely . The 4 rubber feet really give a sense of security . At -LSB- $ ... -RSB- bucks , free shipping , and a quality product you ca n't go wrong .
 can be adjusted for right or left hand . takes a little getting use to with the platform base , needed to learn to swing it out or i 'd trip on it .
 My mom has arthritis in her knees and she was n't able to walk much . But with the help of this duro-med stick she can walk quite a bit without experiencing any pain . The stick takes some of her body weight and that helps !
 I gave this quad cane to my mother just before mother 's day . She is 86 . She loved it and her friends are envious of the floral pattern on the shaft of the cane . She also loves the four legs because `` the cane can stand on its own and not fall down . `` thanks ,
 This cane has a plastic adjustment ring around the bottom of the upper metal piece ; said ring has a screw adjustment knob attached , apparently to tighten the upper metal shaft against the lower metal piece for stability . The very first time I tried to do this , the plastic ring broke apart - just not strong enough to tighten a metal shaft . Thus , the cane is a little more wobbly than desired .
 I ORDERED THIS FOR MY AUNT AT HER REQUEST . I LIKED THE PRICE . NICE QUALITY CANE FOR THE PRICE . I WORK IN A NURSING HOME AND SEE THESE EVERYDAY , WAS IMPRESSED WITH QUALITY , PRICE AND FAST TURN AROUND SERVICE .
 This was a perfect item for my mother she is 95 and love 's her walking aid . It is very sturdy and well made . Thank you so much for a very nice item .
 Bought this cane for my father to give him a bit more stablity than his single cane did , he likes it and finds it gives him more stability outside when the ground is uneven .
 Bought two of these - floral and bronze - as gifts for my elderly mother and she is in love with them . It 's hard enough when someone has to rely on mobility aids to walk a moderate distance , but having something that is unique and serves additionally as a fashion statement , not only lessens the impact of being dependent on a cane but serves as a nice icebreaker.I highly recommend these for the added stability as well as for their morale-building property .
 This is a well made product . It is light weight and easy to adjust . You ca n't beat the price and cost of shipping . Highly recommended .
 I ordered this cane for my father last October and item was shipped to me right away . Both Amazon and Duro-med were very professional when I asked for an exchange . The cane is very light and convenient to carry . My father likes it very much .
 This cane is perfect for someone who needs balance while walking or standing from a chair . It is light and sturdy . Excellent buy !!!
 I ordered this cane while I was still in the hospital ; I needed it for what turned out to be fairly temporary paralysis . It arrived before I was home from the hospital , cost much less than what was available through medical supply places , and served its purpose for as long as I needed it .
 I purchased a small base quad cane after back surgery to help me walk up the stairs . If you need a cane for walking up the stairs it is very important to get the cane with a small base so all four legs will fit onto a step.I was taught how to use this cane in a rehabilitation facility . The cane is unstable if you use it the wrong way . The four leg base is not symmetrical . On one side two legs are spaced a little close together , on the other side a little more wide apart . It is very important to have the wide part AWAY from the body . The base can be switched based on whether you want to use right handed or left handed . This positioning makes a huge difference.When the cane came from the factory it was set for the wrong hand , and if I did not have my lesson on stability I probably would have used it as is and would have been unhappy with stability of the cane . I hope this helps someone else !
 I 've bought two of these recently -- one for myself , one for a neighbor who liked mine . It 's sturdy and stable ; can be adjusted for right-or-left-hand use . -LRB- the loop should face forward for best balance -- I 've seen some people not use them correctly -RRB- . Mine has a plastic film giving it some color -- it 's light-colored . It replaces a black one lost in travel . Light color is easier to find at night in dim light . The film CAN get nicked . I plan to touch up nicks with nail polish ; craft stores have paints that also would probably work for touch-up . The foam handle is firm -- softer than a rubber handle , but will probably wear . However -- this was less than a third of the price for one available at a local store -- so when the foam wears out , I 'll just get a new cane ! My neighbor is totally pleased with her silver cane also .
 Adjustable is an apt descriptive for the Duro-Med cane . Though lightweight , this cane is ruggedly made and it allows easy use for long periods of walking . The comfortable foam-padded handle is suitable for all , and the telescoping cane allows you to adjust its height with a simple ratchet-like placeholder smoothly designed into the two-part cane -LRB- the upper section has the handle , and it mates to the lower section , which has the base with four rubber-tipped `` feet '' that inspire confident use -RRB- . You can adjust the length of the cane so a person 6-feet , 4-inches tall enjoys use of the cane as readily as a shorter person can . A surprise with the cane is that it comes with a second lower section of rubber-tipped tubing that you can use in place of the quad-tipped base . This strategy transforms the cane into a standard `` one-pole '' model . Users who may feel they do n't need the broad support of the base with four feet will enjoy this option , as will those who may want to use a cane in crowded areas , where the four-footed section might be a tad clumsy to use . -LRB- The trade-off , of course , is that the one-pole base offers less support . -RRB- An user with dizziness or lightheadedness will appreciate the extra support of the four-footed base . Last , a cord loop attached to the handle lets you insert your hand through it before you grip the handle , to add a bit of extra security . The metal cane is well-made and smoothly finished -LRB- nice welding with the base plate and its four feet -RRB- , and all of this -- including the second base -- is priced astonishingly low.NOTE
 I was originally shopping for a walker for my mom ... found this and thought I 'd give it a try . SHE LOVED IT !!!! It 's a fine quality cane , and the floral design looks good standing around the house , plus gives her a bit of distinction over the plain canes .
 I bought this cane for my mother . She would use a standard cane or a walker . Clearly she needed something in between that would help with balance and support without taking up space , like the walker.Now she can walk to the communion rail with dignity . When balance gets off , she leans on this stable cane just enough to steady herself . I used to say , `` You get tippy with a cane and I 'm worried you will fall . '' Now , I worry a bit less . She uses it at home in addition to her handy walker for those short walks to the t.v. or phone.When designing this cane , the stride of the user dictates that 2 of the supports extend further out than the others . This allows for walking without stumbling over base legs . When correctly attached , the angle of the handle facilitates use . Unfortunately , it creates a struggle when the right handed user needs to switch it to the left side . These longer legs stick out , the handle is backwards , and it is not as safe for the user.Now , if only I could design a cane like this with a `` reverse '' switch !
 I ordered this cane for a friend after a knee replacement . It was less than half the price of the quad cane at the medical supply store and was delivered -LRB- for free -RRB- more quickly . This cane has a flowered pattern on it and quickly was nicknamed the `` tattoo cane '' . I would highly recommend it .
 Purchased this cane for my 90 year old mother , who is 4 ' 8 '' . She 's had 3 strokes and is unsteady on her feet . This cane provides the stability she needs and the small base does not get in her way . The silver is attractive and the handle is comfortable .
 This cane is very durable . I also love that it comes in the box already put together . For someone like me -LRB- mechanically challenged at times -RRB- that was a bonus . It 's really cute with the flowers on it . As others have also said , there are some huge stickers on the front of it that need to be removed . Do n't quite understand why the manufacturer would do that . I had to `` soak '' the stickers off with a wet washcloth so I did not ruin the flower covering . Other then the stickers , it 's very durable and especially cute for women . Being newly handicapped and disabled , I decided on this as it is stylish . Thanks for making such a durable product .
 Great product . Color is nice option so it does n't look so `` medical '' . Purchased for family member . Very happy with this purchase .
 The cane arrived in pristine condition . It was fully assembled . All that was necessary was to open the box . This cane is adjustable . It is not necessary to stoop down to hold onto the cane .
 After my complete hip replacement recently I bought this cane to give me greater security when I walk . The 4 legs allow me to have greater support than the single `` foot '' type cane . This is worth the price to assure my comfort and safety .
 I bought this for my grandma who is 83 yrs old . She 's been complaining of losing strength in her legs . She started using a cane two years ago but during winters , I 'm afraid it was n't stable enough.So far , she is happy with it . She says she keeps it next to the sofa because it helps her get up.Grandma says it was very easy to put together and really appreciated that I thought of her safety . I got her the bronze and she likes it more the standard black or silver .
 injured in a fall needed help with my walking works great plus the cane does not drop it stands up
 Fast shipping , good value for this product . The cane is sturdy and it does n't have to be hooked to a table or stood in a corner . It stands up by itself . As usual , a great purchase through Amazon .
 It has 4 legs and that creats stability -LRB- even in all weather conditions -RRB- which is how a cane should be . Also the metal is strong and it is easy to adjust to the height . The handle/grip is ergonomically correct and made of good material . This cane will last for a generation -LRB- or two -RRB- . I got this for my grandmother and uncle and they both approve .
 Great cane , easy to use and wo n't hurt your hand . Teenagers to Seniors can use this product . Go ahead Try it out !!!
 Purchased this for my mom so that she would have more stability walking in her house . So far she loves it !
 Product arrived as described ; durable construction , pretty floral pattern makes this item attractive - especially for senior women . Adjustments were easy .
 I bought this for my mom since she 's losing her balance getting up from a chair . This cane offers her something stable to grab on to when she gets up and gives her the stability to get around .
 Having arthritis in both knees , I found a cane becoming a necessity for stability . Adjustability and the 4-legged stance for stability were prime needs . Being able to stand the cane somewhere and have it stay there is very nice .
 Once I learned to extend the cane -LRB- a friend showed me -RRB- , I have enjoyed using it . It gives me more confidence in walkking .
 Works very well for the person it was bought for . Has not had a problem with the product . Thank you .
 M y husband uses this every day and it has held up well and does the job it is inteded to do .
 Having never bought a cane before and needing to send on to a family member , this is exactly what was needed .
 This cane does everything that it is suppose to do for my wife who is the user . There is a learning curve because at first she tended to trip on the small legs .
 If you have to use a cane -- this is a great one . It 's really pretty . I purchased the small base quad cane . If you have considerable stability issues you might consider one of the larger bases . I purchased the small base because one of the reviews I read said it fit nicely on steps .
 I ordered a cane for me and one for my wife . I am 80 and my wife is 79 so we needed an extra measure of safety walking around the house . The walkers meet this requirement perfectly . They are also are of very high quality material .
 If you can call a cane pretty , then this one fits the description . Mother likes the design and the feel that it is pretty . She mostly walks with a walker , but uses a cane in some situations and this one works wonderful for that .
 This is definitely a handy item . I have only recently had hand problems , so it is tough to adjust , but after months of fumbles , strains , and sprains of my fingers and hands trying to do what I used to do , I gave up and bought this . It makes it so easy now to open many items with ease . I wish it came with a belt loop holder to keep it on me all the time . In the past I would have made myself one , but ca n't do that anymore.This item was so great I have bought one for friends and family members who also have the same problems I do .
 I purchased these as a healthy lunch substitute or afternoon snack . The bars are tasty and very filling . They do n't have any strange aftertastes , plus they are not full of sugar like some bars . I do not live the RAW life style , but these bars are perfect for vegans , raw vegans , or anyone just wanting a healthy snack/light meal substitute . I was extremly happy with them , so I am ordering another pack .
 Love this essential oil ! It 's delish smelling and helps to settle my kiddos into their bath . We use it solely at bath time and it is very calming and has them coming out of the tub smelling glorious ! Highly recommend it for bath time for kids . We use about 5 to 8 drops in a tub of water . It 's calming and helps them sleep .
 I love this product ! It 's the only one I can find online that has a strong suction to hold the item in place without being afraid it would drop ; that has polycarbonate mirror which is 15x stronger than glass ; and that has stainless steal rod which will last longer than those cheap chrome plated ones . For the price , it 's all worth it ! The carry case it comes with is not the prettiest nor the most sturdy but it 'll do , to prevent scratches while travelling . I ended up sewing my own using a more cushiony fabric . Now I can put on my makeup without much strain on my back and eyes in those gloomy poorly-lit hotel bathrooms . All in all , highly recommended !
 I have two now . . I thought incase the first one breaks . It is the best . Great for someone like me that has bad eyes and ca n't see well without glasses to put makeup on . Sometimes I see too much .
 I bought this mirror to take along on a trip . I had gotten spoiled having a lighted magnifying mirror to apply make up at home . I always found hotel mirrors to be poorly lit and difficult to get close to without awkwardly leaning over the counter . I took a chance that this product might be a solution . It met and surpassed all my expectations . The suction cup attached easily and securely to the hotel mirror . I attached it when I arrived and it stayed there for a week without slipping or falling off . The arm extends out an amazing distance and can be pivoted easily at both ends to adjust the positioning of the magnifying mirror wherever you need it - a shorter length for applying makeup , or extended the full length which let 's you see what you 're doing when styling the back of your hair . I am so glad I took a chance on this mirror . It was well worth the price and I highly recommend it .
 Attaches securely to the mirror . Allows for perfect positioning . Mirror is clear and the telescoping arm makes it easy to stow it so it is out of the way . This is the ony one that I found that allows me to position the mirror right over the sink . That 's important when trimming my mustache as the hairs then just fall into the sink below . All the other mirrors attach to a wall or sit on a counter . That means they are all in the wrong position for this . I am very happy with this product . Nice and light , so I can take it with me when traveling . No more getting home and discovering what I missed shaving trying to see in a handheld mirror .
 When I first got this mirror I was so disappointed that it would not stick to my mirror without feeling like it was going to take the mirror down with it . -LRB- I have a mirror that hangs on the wall like a picture -RRB- . I thought how am I going to use this ? Then I realized that I could stick it down onto my vanity top -LRB- counter -RRB- and adjust it so I could see the back of my head . It can become a bit heavy if you hang it on a wall mirror and plan to telescope it far out . This solves that problem and it works wonderfully . It 's a bit expensive but I ca n't find anything else like it . If you need to see the back of your head or need a magnifying mirror this is a great item .
 This mirror is exactly as advertised . It will stick to most surfaces and telescopes to a good length . It is a perfect size for traveling . Very helpful in hotel bathrooms or dressing rooms that are n't lit well . You can set up the mirror in any area that has the best light and apply make-up , etc. .
 I give this product top marks for all categories . It is well built , the suction device is easy to operate and holds firmly . The telescoping tube on the rotating ball holds the mirror firmly in any position desired with just the right amount of `` give '' to adjust it . It was money well spent in my opinion .
 This travels well , and with a firm hand the suction cup works , but I wish it was just an inch bigger in diameter . The magnification side is fantastic .
 a bit pricey , but worth every penny . great directions ; great hold on mirror -- and the tilt mirror -- magnifying on one side , regular on the other works very well . telescoping arm is firm , but can be manipulated so that it stays put . good value , good product .
 A bit pricey but works really well to check out the back of my head . Attaches strongly and good extension length .
 I needed a great travel mirror to do my face in hotel bathrooms . Most of the mirrors are too far away for close up makeup application . I had a mirror that broke , re-ordered it from somewhere and it broke again ! But this mirror is not only well made but the glass quality is superior ! Absolutely worth the money !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- They are great resource for physicians equipment . The pan optic scope gives you a real good look at the retina . I find it very useful .
 I have 2 Miniature Schnauzers with bladder and kidney stones . I decided to purchase pH test strips to monitor their urine at home rather than paying $ 22 each time at the veterinarian 's office , especially since one has become very ill and requires daily testing and subcutaneous fluid replacement based on the results of pH and specific gravity testing of her first morning urine . I 've tried several kinds and so far this is the most accurate and easy to use.Ph Test Strips Dispenser - .2 Intervals for Accurate Saliva or Urine PH Testing - Immediate ResultsThere 's another type that a first seemed more economical because it came with 2 sets of tape , but the increments were 0.5 instead of this one 's 0.2 increments , so for Leilani 's sake this is better for her management.Pros for this item are : * The item description is correct ; the results are immediate . * Results are the same as testing done at the vet 's lab . * Less vet visits for the dogs ; the vet and I have set up protocols for how much fluid to give based on the results , so it saves me $ $ $ in the long run . * The 0.2 increments allow better management of their treatment than guessing at the 0.5 measurements , as well as accuracy comparable to lab results * Refills are available through Amazon.Cons
 Easy to use and it is easy to judge results using this ph paper . Saved me a trip to the vet !
 The picture is very deceiving on this product only because there isnt anything to compare its size to . the container that holds the roll is about the size of a fifty cent piece . you can use a smaller piece of the tape then it recommends but if you are doing the urine test i recommend wearing gloves since the tape is like tissue paper and the urine travels quickly !
 The dispenser is a lot smaller than I thought . It works well and gets the job done . I would order a different one .
 When I ordered this product , I was n't sure if it was good value , or a waste of money . There was really only one way to find out for sure , so I took the plunge , and voila ! I hit `` Pay dirt . `` This product was delivered faster than `` On time '' and does exactly what it is advertised to do . I have determined that it is a fair value . If it were a `` steal of a deal '' , something would be wrong , and I probably would have wasted money.Yes , I wish it were less expensive , but the fact is the price is competitive and the company selling it has to make a profit . If they did n't , they would be gone and I could n't get the product , which gives me good insight into my overall physical condition and susceptibility to medical problems.I am happy with the truthful advertising , fair price and great delivery . I am willing to buy this product again .
 I was happy with this product . It worked very well . i am able to monitor myself now and keep myself in check.Was very easy to use .
 They also included a sample of one of their health foods as well as other valuable related informetion .
 The PH Strips were a good value and the service was very good . The strips were delivered very quickly and just as described .
 I thought I was getting a reserve dispenser with this , but it 's a different type than the last one I got . It does n't seem to work quite as well and the strips are thicker , making fewer pieces . It 's fine for what I need it for , but a bit disappointing cost-wise .
 This product works great . I know instantly my ph levels . Colors show very clearly . I 've had other papers that did n't work at all .
 ... easy to use , convenient , quick results , graduated comparative test , cost effective , great for those striving for a more healthy alkaline diet/lifestyle
 These pH strips are great and are a great value . I 've bought some for friends and they all enjoy keeping track of their pH levels .
 I recommend these if you want to check pH. Sometimes , in between colors for reading , but gets the job done . This is a good price , under $ 10 . Fun to check pH of things like toothpaste , shampoo , HBA products , etc.It is good to eat an alkalizing diet like fresh fruits & vegetables . Lots of good books out there on the subject .
 I use it to test the PH of my saliva . It does exactly what I wanted it to do.Nothing fancy just a simple way to test PH
 I am concern with checking my PH balance each morning and I needed 5trips that would give me instant reading . These strips are it . They work very will . I am Please .
 Very easy to use . It is good to have something that can give results immediately . Also , I am glad it is not a precut strip . You can cut only the piece that you need . . Glad I bought this product .
 I check my number every day and this little ph strip is a wonder . It really lets me know from day to day or morning to evening how my alkaline diet is doing or not doing . I can tell what foods really work and what foods really need to be avoided . I just put it into my mouth for a second or two and check . I know websites say you need a blood test or such to be 100 % accurate on one 's ph but this little gauge does a good job from a day to day level in giving me a good idea how good I am doing or how poorly I am doing . If I eat something strong in corn syrup sweetener -LRB- example pumpkin pie or some fruit juices -RRB- my number the next day or later that evening has dropped . This is an excellent way to help anyone realize how they are doing with the alkaline diet or how badly they are acid . Cancer can not live in an alkaline body so I am really interested in making sure I keep a strong alkaline body with my veggies , fruit , and beans -- the natural diet . The processed diet of packaged `` foods '' , high processed juices , and strong corn based diets is a one way ticket to the acid body and acid reflux problems and a future life heading toward cancer , the end product of an acid diet . So I will continue to buy these strips . I 'm always elated to see my numbers in the 8 and higher colors ; those cultures with alkaline water as a lifestyle have body ph 's of 8 + and have no cancer and live healthy lifestyles well into their 90 's disease free . So that is my goal . This summer marks my first year of being strong alkaline and my body behaves so much different than other years of my life . It is an amazing difference from the high acid diet I used to life on . These strips have made it very clear what works and what does n't and cued me when I did n't eat right and what the price tag was or would be eventually . The differences in how my body works and behaves now is incredible for the diet changes made .
 I 've never tried any other brand of ph strips so I really have nothing to compare to but these little things are great . I really like that you can choose your own size . I use a tiny little square about an hour after every meal -LRB- like another reviewer said -RRB- to see how what I previously ingested affects my alkalinity . Also test the first pee of the day -LRB- they say that 's the most accurate representation of your alkalinity -RRB- . It 's kind of fun experimenting to see which foods make you more alkaline and more acidic -LRB- although it 's kind of a no-brainer of you know your nutrition -RRB- . The fact that it is a roll and not a bunch of paper sticks was my sell point . I feel like I 'm getting more bang for my buck . It also comes with a replacement roll which I think is really nice too . But if your anything like me and use the smallest piece possible you probably wo n't need that second roll for quite a while .
 They work , I get accurate results . They 're a great tool in managing my Ph balance .
 This product seems very sensitive and easier to read that other PH testing products . The fact you can get your reading instantly helps too . The only disadvantage is that if the roll gets wet , it is useless . Only wet the piece you are using to test.Anne Cecil
 This is great , especially for frugal folks like myself . I received it quickly . It 's a roll of PH test strips in a sturdy plastic dispenser which has a PH legend on it . You just have to tear off a tiny strip , although the directions instruct using a one inch strip , less can be used . I have probably used it enough times to equal to buying a couple of packages of the test strips with the white `` handles '' and I still have lots of the roll left . I highly recommend this . I think it 's fun to use , too ! It 's great to get a product that exceeds expectations .
 This is exactly what I need . It is easy to read , and I like the fact that you can tear off as large or as small a piece as you want .
 My only misgiving towards this product is that it is n't idiot-proof . I find it difficult , due to ` user interface error ' . Works though .
 This is by far the easiest and fastest way to test pH that I 've found . No calibrating solutions or tiny screws to adjust and no special storage requirements . Very easy to use and it 's cheap , there are a lot of uses on that roll .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . It was received how & when I expected . I 'm happy with this purchase .
 My doctor recommended that I get more protein and said whey would be the best ` whey ' to get it.So I tried a cheap brand of the chocolate flavored kind and found that all the artificial sweeteners were making me irritable and edgy . So I thought I 'd try the 100 % whey without all the extra added junk.I was afraid how it would taste , but it 's not too bad , and best of all I do n't get grouchy !! I mix a scoop -LRB- one serving -RRB- it in a glass of whole milk.I love chocolate so I tried added a bit of unsweetened cocoa powder . The cocoa powder can be hard to mix , but after a little bit of work , it taste good , too.More information
 Unflavored Whey Protein Isolate is the best priced product out there when it comes to pure protein and nothing else can match for every gram of protein that I get for every single penny that I spend on this protein . No additives , no sweeteners , no chemicals ... only pure protein . Whey protein either concentrate or isolate , is the by-product of cheese industry . Years ago the processors were dumping this goodness in the ocean which required them to find an alternative . Whey is the complete protein when making cheese . I consume isolate not concentrate before and after my heavy workouts since in average , human body can not absorb more than 30gr of protein at a time . Unflavored Protein Isolate mixes easily with my organic soy milk without any electrical mixer and tastes just fine . Unflavored Protein Isolate is absorbed in the body within first hour in comparison to Protein Concentrate which takes few hours . Majority of the brands add additives , coloring , sweeteners and chemicals . That is the reason why many producers sell Protein Concentrate not Isolate and majority sell flavored not unflavored . I consume organic yoghurt at night after my workouts so protein is consumed by the body during sleep in few hours . I mix the isolate with un-hulled organic sesame seed , flax seed , cocoa and soy milk . I can not grind sesame seed in the grinder since it is so oily and ruins the grinder and for that flax seed is the best balancer . I grind only for one week at a time and keep it in a sealed glass container in freezer . I consume seeds due to the high mineral content which is a necessity for my healthy diet . Education is the best tool of all . I Read the ingredients and insure that any ingredient that I consume is needed by my body before consumption . There are many different approaches out there when it comes to a diet . Any unwanted ingredient is damaging to my liver even water since it means more work for my liver . The trick is to find the right balance so I can do the sports that I love and to enjoy those sports.I have real researched and experiment many different routs to get protein since I do not consume chicken or beef , only small fish . In regard to protein , I used to purchase 5 lb container but now I purchase 10 lb bags and my experience has proven to me ; 1 . AMOUNT
 I researched the best sources of protein for a smoothie/after workout drink . Whey Protein Isolate is the best , but you really need to make sure there 's not allot of additives . Such as
 This protein powder was not a disappointment , I enjoyed the fact that it was neutral , not flavored . I recommend this product if you are looking for a protein powder that has high grams of protein , with no after taste and in a neutral flavor . I ordered the small size to try and ready for the larger size . Also use it in your recipes , like cookies , etc. . There are great recipes out there with whey protein - go check out ! Replace that power bar with one of your own !!!
 I wanted an unflavored product so I could be sure of what I was ingesting - not wanting extra chemicals . I mix it with organic milk or almond milk and add a little cocoa and stevia . Its delicious and the protein keeps me from getting hungry all morning .
 I have tried many Whey Protein Isolates . Now 's protein isolate disolves very well and has a good taste . I like the 100 % natural aspect of Now 's products
 This item is currently discontinued so I 'm disappointed about that because the quality and flavor are excellent , as is the price . The only down side is the physical size , since you need sufficient storage space for it .
 I noticed better results after using it and i love how it is flavor less because i can mix it into something other than water if i wanted to .
 This protein is great . Very fine compared to Muscle Milk , and there 's not a lot of sugar and other additives .
 Very good protein powder ! No weird taste in my smoothies and adds the protein that I want in a snack/breakfast .
 I have changed my eating habits once and for all and this includes drinking habits as well . I only eat whole foods and i only drink water and needless to say when im not hungry and when i wake up in the morning or before a workout i drink this stuff down.Unflavored and it still doesnt taste bad , There is no horrible after taste either.Whats best is its all 100 % natural no artificial ingredients or flavorings like other wheys and supplements on the market . NowFoods is # 1 in my book.Its been 2 weeks of constant working out my muscles are bruised and im getting cut ! dropping body fat like a mad men on crack lol.This is my 2nd purchase and next time im maybe getting the 5lb because this 1lb goes to fast!Anyways its a great whey supplement with BCAA and there is no need to buy any BCAA supplement as long as your eating healthy and taking this stuff!Love it love it love it . Try it out its good !
 This product is great even though I have only used this product for a short amount of time I am already seeing great results and for such a low price
 My mom use to use this on me as a kid when calamine lotion did n't do the trick . I am less allergic to poison oak and ivy now , i still am allergic , but it does not spread as bad.I got poison oak last weekend and I turned to this old fave . I use it as a lotion , and also as a wash . It does help it heal super fast , and helps it immediately stop itching . after i wash this off i follow up with aveeno anti-itch cream . Ahhh !!! There is never relief when you have poison oak , but this stuff REALLY works .
 I have used this product successfully for several years for poison ivy . I scrub it on and let it sit for at least five mins then rinse off . I find that it works . Well tonight the dog got skunked badly ! I was desperate . I grabbed Tecnu because if it worked for poison ivy oil it should work for skunk oil . Boy it worked like a charm . I did not even have to use the whole bottle . I just rubbed it all over the dog . I let it sit for a few then rinsed him with the garden hose . He smelled much much better . Then it worked on my hands which were pretty skunky by then . Thank you God for this product !!!! It saved me tonight !
 This is great stuff . I have used it for years and it has saved me from many incidents of terrible rashes . If you use at the early stages of reaction , it stops the spreading and dries up what is already there . It has worked for other kinds of allergic skin reactions to other plants as well . It is something I always want to have around .
 It works . I am very allergic to poison ivy . If I use it immediately after contact , I will not get a rash . This product has changed how poison ivy affects me . I am very sensitive and I use it often , if I feel any kind of itch . I sometimes get small patches , but no more all-over , mind bending cases .
 This is a great product . Used it in the shower after pulling weeds that contained poision ivy , no allergic reaction to the poison ivy at all !!
 I went to ConsumerLabs.com and I found out that depending on you age depends how many mgs one should take . These are just what they say they are . Worth the money . Beware of constipation , iron will do that , drink lots of H2O !!
 working outside my husband uses this all year round . with an spf of 30 , it helps in the summer and the winter . It has become hard to find in the toledo area , as have many products we normally use . Thanks , Banana boat , for keeping it in stock !
 Our bathtub is an older model and too narrow for the well reviewed PRIMO pearl tub , so I was really excited to see this product available as a smaller option . It 's a great first tub for our newborn and works well -- she loves bathtime and I think this tub has a lot to do with it . The incline is helpful for her to sit upright -LRB- even though she ca n't do so herself -RRB- . I never bothered with the duck toy bag/cushion as I figured it would take forever to dry , and our girl is too little for toys still . But it 's a nice-to-have , I guess . What 's best about this tub
 I love this tub . WE had a hard time bathing baby when she was a new born . She could not be submerged in a tub since her umbilical cord was still attached . She HATED being sponge bathed . She would scream during the whole bath every time . When we finally got this tub , she just loved bath time . We put a little water in there , and made sure it did n't reach the cord . She loved being in there.On the down side I wish it was a bit deeper , and that the leg section was n't so raised . Once baby was big enough to sit up , that 's all she wanted to do , and bath time was not excluded . She wanted to sit up in the little tub , and I just felt she could just come right out on her own , so we had to move on to the big tub . She is still quite wobbly , so we had to get a tub seat for that . But I just wish that the tub would grow with baby a little , so we could use it a bit longer . Anyhow , we enjoyed it while it lasted , and we still use the duck in the big bathroom to hold her toys . It works great !
 The shipping was incredibly fast . The product was exactly what I was looking for . The sections even accomodate the big Omega-3 capsules .
 I carry a lot of medicine when I travel and this allows me plenty of room for each day . Each of the seven cases is broken down into 4 compartments which is perfect for my needs . Glad to get this one .
 Great products for my grandparents who are n't as good at remembering their medication as they used to be . Another great thing is deep pockets incase you have alot of pills or just might need more room if a sickness comes around to add medication to your daily pills
 Years ago I found the small organizer at a store you could find things when it could not be found elsewhere . Over the years it needed to be replaced . I was so proud I found the 1in . online at Amazon .
 I tried other pill organizers and the doors popped open when you dropped them . This one does not pop open when you drop it . You do need to get use to filling them .
 This was perfect for my mom . She has to take pills almost all day . This helps my mom and me to know if she is taking her pills like she should . Size of the compartments are great and holds lots of pills . Thanks
 I 've had this for a few weeks and it is really helping me remember to take all my meds . There 's plenty of room in each of the four compartments for every day . I take a lot of pills -LRB- ugh -RRB- and I can still add supplements . The lids snap shut very securely so I can toss the day 's meds into my bag on the run with no worries . The compartments are deep and it would be nice if they were a tad rounded in the corners but that really is n't much of a drawback . I had thought about buying the version with only am and pm compartments for each day because I worried the am/noon/evening / pm compartments might be too small . Turns out they are just fine and are great for taking antibiotics & such . The day container is likely too large for a pocket . If that is what you 're looking for , this is n't it . Otherwise , it 's great.I plan on getting another one so I can have another week set up . Maybe even a third . I 'm very happy with this purchase and I think it 's worth the money .
 I was constantly forgetting whether or not I had taken a certain medication at a certain time , and it was starting to take a toll on me . Ordinary pill containers were n't doing the trick - I do n't take a lot of medications , but I do take different ones at different times , and I would forget . No more ! This is a LIFESAVER - maybe quite literally . Each day is clearly marked , and has 4 compartments which fit all of my medications -LRB- plus my vitamins -RRB- very nicely . No more brain wracking !! It 's just there !! What a sense of relief !! I would highly recommend this to anyone who takes multiple medications or has trouble remembering . I am so pleased !!
 I have been through several pill boxes , stumbling around with them , picking my pills up from being spread around my bags , thinking about what would I like a pill box to be , until I found this product . This pill box is excellent when you have to take pills through out the day and do not want to carry around a BIG pill box and do not want to spend time every day filling up a pill box for the next day . This pill box is also very durable and does not open easily on your pocket , bag or purse . It also helps with your self esteem because you do not see at once all the pills you have to consume in a week , as when you carry a big week-long pill box . I highly recomend this product .
 This set of pill boxes is wonderful . The compartments are very deep & can hold larger pills . My 92 yr old grandmother has stopped using any other pill box . I 've reordered more , so we can have more weeks prepared .
 I have tried numerous pill boxes over the years . This is the last one I 'll buy . It is durable , stands up to bouncing around in my purse all day , and the lids stay shut ! Plus , each compartment can hold plenty of pills . I like being able to fit in all of my meds plus vitamins .
 I love this pill organizer . I have tried many plus I work in a pharmacy as a tech so I have seen all kinds . I love this since I am busy and on the go so that I can take 1 or more days with me . If I am running late and need to take it on the road then I can just put it in my purse and take my meds while on the way to work . I am going to order another one so that I can make up 2 weeks of meds at a time .
 Of all of the pill organizers that we 've tried , this is by far the best ! Some of the pills that my Husband takes for his diabetes are quite large in size and I was very pleased at the ease of getting all of them into each compartment . It takes a bit to get used to having the square shape if you 're used to putting the pills into one of the long straight pill holders , but it 's well worth the adjustment . And the lids are nice and snug , so you do n't have to worry about them coming open and your pills falling out either .
 This is the second pill box of this type that I 've purchased . I 'm currently being treated for Lyme disease and have taken 30 + pills a day -LRB- antibiotics and supplements -RRB- for the past seven months so these containers have been an organizational God-send for me . I had read a review from a woman who purchased two of them so she could count out two weeks of pills at once . Genius ! That 's why I ordered a second one - - it makes for a lot less work for me in the long run . For the reviewer who said these are n't big enough for large pills , I 'd have to disagree because I take several large pills every day and all 30 + pills fit -LRB- with room to spare -RRB- . Also , another reviewer stated that the tops of each day 's container are n't clear , but both sets I 've purchased have clear tops so I 'm not sure if they reviewed the same product . If you 're looking for a handy pill container that 's cleverly portable and large enough for LOTS of whatever you 're taking , look no further because this is it !
 I 've tried several versions -LRB- and not bothered to buy even more -RRB- of pill organizers and have never found one to work as well as this one . The separate compartments for each day make it easy to take pills along for the day , and the entire unit is small enough to travel with conveniently.I take meds four times a day . Including vitamins and supplements , three of those times takes considerable space . This organizer holds them with some space left over - which , of course , is the idea so they do n't fly out when you open the compartment.Every one of the twenty-eight lids still snaps shut securely after a year of use . Filling the compartments is like other systems ; difficult to hold the lid up and put pills in at the same time . I 've found an easy solution to fill this one . I hold all four lids open in the center with a rubber band stretched around the upper edges of them -LRB- but make sure the rubber band is large enough to not add `` twist '' to the lids by being too tight -RRB- . If mine broke tomorrow , I would simply order another without even looking for anything else . It just works that well .
 My husband was disinterested in his new pill organizer ... . til the FIRST time he used it!Says it 's the greatest I have ever gotten for him -LRB- thru Amazon in Oct , 2011 -RRB- . Our 14 yr olddaughter was showing HER friend his containers and said ` he just picks up todays box of pills , sticks it in his pocket and he 's gone ! it 's great ! ' . It makes it easier for him not to misshis pills throughout the day . I would highly recommend it .
 After looking and looking , and reading all the reviews , I finally decided on this pill organizer . Yes , it is pricey . Yes , I probably should not have spent the money . But it solved all our medication issues.I have a 41 yr . old mentally challenged son - head trauma resulting in brain damage and multiple VP shunt revisions . As part of his cognitive behavioral therapy he was supposed to start filling his pill organizer for himself and become responsible for taking his medications regularly . Previously I had purchased two 1 week/2 week organizers , which worked well for my medications , but soon became problematic for my son 's medications.As his medications were increased and changed we were having more and more trouble fitting them into the organizer . Several of his meds are large pills and one of them is in capsule form . I could fit them into the organizer if I arranged them in a specific order , but he could not . The capsules would crack when he closed the lids , so I was the person who had to fill it each week . Also it only had two sections for each day , morning and evening.Then I found three organizers here on amazon.com . I read all the reviews on each and decided to purchase this one . One of the best decisions I have ever made!My son now fills his organizers himself each week . Each compartment is large and deep so no more breaking capsules or having to arrange the meds just so . There are 4 compartments for each day , so if the doctors decide he needs to take a medication three or four times a day there is a place for them . The days of the week are clearly marked on each compartment.While I still have to watch and re-order his meds for him , I only have to check the organizer now and then to make sure he is putting the right pills and correct number of pills in the compartments . And I do still have to remind him to take his meds now and then . Eventually I hope he will be able to re-order for himself and will consistently remember to take his meds , but for now this is a big step.The compartments shut tightly so no more accidental popping open and spilling . :-RRB- Also if he is going to be away from home for a few hours he can take one day 's dose with him in his pocket . Then all he has to do is remember to take it at the scheduled time . : / We 'll see how that goes . ; -RRB- For the self esteem and independence he has gotten and for the one less responsibility I now have this pill organizer is priceless . I would recommend it to anyone . It is worth every penny we spent and so much more . : -RRB-
 I had been looking for a pill case that was big enough to hold my calcuim and fish oil capsules , but in the one day at a time form and compact . This one is perfect ! Highly recommend this case .
 This is GREAT for those who have just a few capsules , vitamins or pills to take each day . It 's chic and fun to use . Unfortunately it does n't work for me because I have several supplements for each meal ; some on the larger side . So these are not large enough for me.I recommend it for others , though .
 After using this item for several weeks , I ordered a second one . Now I only have to fill it up every two weeks ! I love the size , it holds all my supplements and I never miss a dose .
 I 've been taking tons of vitamins for years . This is the best pill holder I 've ever had . Enough room for my fish oil and all the other stuff I put into it . Great product !!!
 I can do all my pills for the week and just pull out one small box and drop it in my purse for the day . Very convenient .
 Large divided sections make it easyto sort large quantities of pills.Good size ... holds a lot .
 This is a nice pill holder ... it 's hard to find ones to hold larger pills and also that you can pull out the day 's pills to take with you . My only complaint is that it 's very bulky . But it does the job and is worth the price for sure !
 This pill organizer is just what I need now that I 'm wrestling with a number of prescriptions every day . I can set up an entire week 's pills but then only carry one small box for the day . The compartments are ample for quite a few pills ; there 's a smaller version for those who do n't need as much space .
 Well , it got here nice and fast . I looked at it and could figure it out with one look . I only take meds 3 times a day , so I had an empty compartment . So , I just threw in a jelly bean and now I feel complete.I guess if I was a pot smoker I would not need one , as it seems when you need to light up , there is always a ton of friends near by who smoke as well . I tried to get everyone who uses Preparation H together so that we could all use it at the same time . Ya , no takers . . That is all , Gary
 I ordered this to manage my 83 year old mom 's meds . it is wonderful . She can easily manage to open the lid on each compartment without disturbing the other three so that only the meds . for that time of day are dispensed . Because there are seven individual containers she is able to slip one days pills into her purse for travel and shopping . I am ordering another set so that we can take two weeks worth of meds . on our trips.We are also both grateful for the solution this product offers for knowing that pills have been taken .
 This container is large enough for a few large size pills ! Filling the individual containers may take slighly longer than when you have all the morning/lunch/afternoon / evening compartments in a row , like in some other products . However , when you get the hang of it , it goes smootly . I do enjoy taking just one day 's worth of pills along - not need to carry more ! The text lables could be a bit of a larger print , but I solved it by writing the times myself by using a permanent marker . Also the texts in the darker green and blue hard to see . One door is starting to come off slightly , but if that happens , I 'll keep using the other six containers . Overall , even with those little defects - I am very happy with this product one and would order it again ! An excellent choice !
 great product . fast and easy return process . very nice people . convinient product and easy to use . various features . where extremely helpful .
 I bought this for my wife , and she loves it . I find it a little awkward to load all her pills , But , it works great for her . It is easier to keep track of her daily pills . I am considering buying one for my own pills .
 This is a really nice little set of pill boxes that helps organize a week 's worth of pills . My only complaint is that the pill compartments are a little smaller than I had expected , and they do n't hold too many pills . Over all , though , this is a good product .
 These pill boxes have compartments that are just the right size to enable the user to include large pills and vitamins . Each day 's box is large enough to easily find in your purse . The tray of boxes is nice and compact to keep on a shelf in your kitchen cabinets .
 I purchased this 7 day pill organizer for my elderly dad . He likes using it , as it is more compact than the traditional style that is 28 compartments and takes up more counter space . It is also deep enough to hold his vitamins as well .
 I had been using the Med Sun 4 dose a day organizer and it is really great but when one pill changed to a larger version and no longer fit . I had to try out some alternatives . This is not the handiest set to fill however I do love the fact that the compartments are REALLY deep and the compartments STAY closed.If you take a lot of meds/supplements and are on the go , this set is perfect .
 I can finally place my prescription tablets and my supplements together in this well-constructed organizer due to its four large compartments for each day . I can take the day 's supply in my purse and be confident the pills will be secure since the lid stays tightly shut . The different color for each day helps me know what day to grab on those mornings when I am not quite awake !
 After a month of use , we are very pleased with this creative pill box idea . Each morning the day 's pill box is set on the kitchen table . It is a reminder to take the pills for the day . The colors are helpful . I would recommend them to anyone whose needs can be met with the 4-times-a - day pill boxs . A satisfied Colorado consumer .
 I take a large number of herbal supplements and these are perfect for dividing up my pills . My only warning is to be careful when pulling the tops off for refilling - I ended up breaking off the &#34; evening &#34; door on one . It still works , but it 's just a warning .
 I have to separate out some of my medicine as it needs to be taken on an empty stomach and other supplements I take can interfere with it . This organizer allows me to separate out my pills and supplements into all the times of the day that I take my pills . I 've owned several of the Borinhalbich pill organizers and all of them have been fantastic . The are very sturdy and the lids always latch securely . I take my daily pills along with me in my purse and I never have to worry about my pills accidentally spilling out . These boxes do A LOT of travelling with me , banging around in my purse or overnight bag , and they hold up beautifully . Because the individual cases are nicely sized , I can leave it on my kitchen table or work desk , it is never in the way , and then I will not forget to take my pills when I need to because out of sight = out of mind for me .
 Great pill boxes . I take a fairly extensive regimen of vitamins and supplements . It is a big time saver being able to stage the various pills ahead of time for the next seven days . The two compartments are deep and hold quite a few pills , even those of larger size . Glad I bought this product .
 Sometimes - and I know how lazy this sounds - I just do n't feel like having to open 5 different bottles for vitamins every night . I looked everywhere for a pillbox that would work , but the only ones that were large enough to hold them all were huge , and it looked as if I was carting around a medicine cabinet . I probably bought three different ones and discarded them all because they just were n't quite right . These fit even fish oil capsules and calcium chews . I fill them up on Sunday night , then just toss one in my purse every day . Somehow this small thing has simplified my day .
 Because I take a lot of -LRB- and a few large -RRB- vitamins and supplements throughout the day , the more common 7-compartment pill boxes are too small for my needs . I have found the 7 Day 4 Compartment Pill Organizer to be incredibly useful . To quickly refill the organizer , I have color-coded both my pill bottles and the compartments using small , round color coding labels -LRB- e.g. blue for morning , red for lunch , etc. -RRB- . I would recommend this to friends and family .
 I have to take almost a dozen different things 3 or 4 times a day and needed something that would help keep everything organized and after much deliberation I settled on this item ... and I 'm SO glad I did ! This thing is perfect ! The compartments open easily -LRB- although they might be more difficult for the elderly -RRB- and the size accommodates everything I need . This organizer has been instrumental in helping me remember to take everything at the right times throughout the day .
 The organizer 's are in week trays , but what I like about it is the top can be removed so that it is easier to refill the pill container . Plus the fact that the top and the container are keyed , so that they will only fit together one way .
 I never use them all , but I do use one in my purse , an additional one or two when we travel . Handy item .
 I can now rest easy knowing that my 80 year old mother is taking the right medication , instead of just taking whatever comes to hand . However it would be nice if this product would also ship to international addresses .
 My mother is an invalid and requires a lot of medication several times a day so when I saw this nifty pill compartment I was sold.Other pillboxes were not good quality and the print would fade or flake off and besides not large enough .
 If you take more than two pills a day and or travel a lot you will like this product . The compartments are large enough to store your pills and get them out easily enough too .
 We have a 25 year old daughter with a brain injury had has to take bills 7 days a week 4 times a day , so these work perfectly . This is our 2nd set . They seem durable enough , we just loose them . . well , the one with the brain injury does ... no short term memory .
 Simple and pleasing to the eye , this pill organizer will help you take your supplements on a regular basis for sure
 This is perfect for what I need . I take different vitamins/pills 4X/day . This one has the 4 separate compartments to allow you to fill specifically for each time of day . It 's great to just take the day 's pill box out of the tray , toss it in my bag , and go without having to lug around a huge pill organizer . I looked at a few others but kept coming back to this one and I 'm really glad I did ! Also , it fits a lot of pills in each compartment - currently I 'm taking 7 pills in the AM alone and this fits them all - although I do n't think I could fit another one in there which is fine for me , but if you take more than that or if your pills are all very large -LRB- some of mine are medium/large but most are n't very big -RRB- you might need one with bigger compartments .
 Good Job , keep it up Thanks for sending the product . Glad to do business with you.Will do it again
 i really lke this for lots of pills . . if you are only taking 2 or 3 per day . . there are many cheaper and with less tall walls which make it easier to get a pill out . . but for someone taking 5 to 10 pills a day , this is great . . lots of space even when the day is divided for breakfast , lunch , dinner , and bedtime . . built very sturdy . . the clasps stay closed unlike the cheaper models . each day is colorful and the plastic only fits in base properly . . if i were taking a few day holders on a trip , i would enclose in a clear baggie or clipped storage bag so not to lose one of the days when out on a table or going through baggage claim
 Takes about 5-10 minutes to fill each week , but I 've been using it for a couple months and it has kept me organized and on-track with my medicines better than anything I had before . Do n't worry about the compartments not being large enough ... Each day has 4 separate slots and each slot can hold about 8 pills or so . Overall a very good find for anyone who likes being organized with their medication regimen .
 I take well over 20 vitamins a day from calcium to B12 to iron and some of the pills need to be spaced out and/or taken at particular times . I love this pill organizer . It has simplified my life and made the process of taking what I need to take to stay healthy less of a chore . The compartments are deep and handle even the largest vitamins . I purchased two of these organizers and am now able to fill 14 days worth of vitamins so I am not wasting precious moments in the morning trying to figure out which vitamins I need and when I need to take them . Each square easily fits in most purses and they are sturdy enough for traveling . I have had no problems with the lids opening in transit . The lids are also easy to open for filling .
 This is a great pill organizer and perfect for anyone who take larger sized pills 4x daily . Prior to this , I had a lot of trouble finding containers that fit all my pills . And then there is the problem of carrying them around . Those great big 7 day , 4x a day organizers do not travel well , et cetera.These are super easy for carrying around . The tray holds all seven , so in the morning I can just grab the one for that day and toss it my purse without having to carry around a massive amount of pills . And still having all 4 sets with me and separated makes it a lot easier when I am out all day and have to take 2-3 sets of pills away from home.It would be great however if they made a set like these only with 6 instead of 4 compartments -LRB- I know this company also makes ones with only 2 compartments for those who take pills less often . -RRB- My grandmother has Parkinson 's Disease and has to take pills 6 times a day , and I know there are many other people who need to take there medications more than 4 times a day , and there just are not enough -LRB- any ! -RRB- options for those people.I will say , one other downside is an issue others commented on , the lids do not open all the way making it a little difficult to fill and empty , as well , they are slightly difficult to open.When I first reviewed this product right after receiving it , the flip lids looked flimsy to me , and I was not sure how long lasting they would be . Well , it 's been several months since I bought these , and I have had no problems with any breaking . My only problem has been that I lost the Thursday box , so now I 'm back to buy a new set .
 The number of different supplements I 've been taking has slowly added up the past few months - Vitamin D , Fish oil capsules , probiotics , a few others.And then I started with the P.A.G.G. stack which is a 4X daily combo of supplements for fat loss , but this particular combo have all of these semi-complicated exceptions to them . . like take one only at bedtime , but the others all 4 times , but skip Thursdays etc. . So now I have a routine on Sunday morning , where I stand at the kitchen counter , with the music on -LRB- do n't put on talk radio , it 'll distract you -RRB- , and fill the entire 7 days of compartments . . takes about 20 minutes.But when you 're pressed for time the rest of the week , you 'll never be forced to do a rush job on your supplementation or think about all of the different rules behind which ones you skip for that time. , or the ones you do n't take that day.It 's such a wonderful no-brainer to open the labeled Monday/Morning compartment , open up the mouth , and toss them in.Must add that the compartments are just barely big enough for some of the times . . for the morning time , the particular compartments are definitely full and can take no more -LRB- the single Flaxseed oil capsules I take are big -RRB- . But I think for most people they will be big enough for their needs .
 I have been using this organizer daily since shortly after my purchase on 12/07/10 and am very satisfied with it . The compartments are a nice size and the lids snap quite securely . After over a year of opening and closing said lids , the hinges are still in tact as well . I was very afraid that they 'd have worn out by now.There are a few things that I would urge someone considering purchase to keep in mind , however...-First , though the lids snap nicely this is not a child proof product ! I was aware going into it that this was the case , but really felt like I should point this out given another review that says these were hard to open . My four-year-old nephew has NO trouble opening these up , so please beware ! This is also a consideration to those who might like to carry around one of the boxes during the day . When I first showed this to my father-in-law , he asked if I thought he 'd be able to carry one around in his pocket . I truly think they 'd open too easily for that , though if you could get it to your desk at work it would sit in the drawer quite nicely ! You might have to dig the individual pills out of the bottom of your purse , though ! - Sunday 's box is bright white , which not be as much of a big deal to someone else as it is to me . Several of my pills are small and white , so when I do a visual check after putting together my meds for the week , I have to shine in a light to make sure they 're all there . Similarly , the very dark blue of Friday is hard to see in . The dark green of Wednesday may be as well , but...-If you ca n't keep track of multiple parts , this might not be the organizer for you . I thought having the nifty little tray would keep me from losing a container but it was not so . The dark green Wednesday container has been gone for a year or so -LRB- might be hidden in a shadow under my bed -RRB- , and Tuesday has recently disappeared . Interestingly , this was around the same time that Thursday re-appeared , so maybe they are colluding to make me crazy.-Finally , a tip to speed up the process of filling the boxes ! I use metal binder clips -LRB- example -RRB- to hold open the hinged lids because they were getting in the way of dropping in the pills . The packaging is long gone , but I would guess mine to be the 3/4 inch size . I wish they were the next size up , because they open just barely enough to account for the lip under the lid that causes it to stay closed.All in all , I am very pleased with this organizer !
 I have been taking heavy doses of medications , mostly vitamins , for over 3 years . In that time I 've searched for a way to keep all of my pills straight . I have the little ones and I have the Big Ones , but everyone has the same problem . How do you keep track of them so you take them when they are due . These little boxes do the trick . My Pharmacist gave me a pill box when I had been released from the hospital . The problem was it help the whole week , not just the one day . I do n't know if I 'm going to live long enough to take Friday 's pill but I am here long enough to take today 's , Tuesday , pills . Why should I be taking a whole week with me when all I need is one day . These little boogers solve all of the problems and they are one of the most inexpensive pill box on the market.I grab today 's pill box , slip it in my pocket , and I 'm off for the day . I have found that the lids fold all the way back and stays open for use any time of the day . They fasten securely so my arthritic fingers can get them open , and they are some what water resistant to the coffee others will spill . If you can find a better one let me know . I 've found them in the deep size and the not so deep size . They are pretty much the same . BTW , They made great stocking stuffers for the holidays.Good Pill SuckingJohn in ABQ New Mexico
 Great product if you need to take a single days medications with you when you leave home . I feel confident that the snapping compartments will not open unexpectedly and they are large enough to hold our daily doses of 15 or so pills . Great service from Amazon.com ... it came in about three days !!
 I purchased this item for my ` on the go ' husband . Before , he would not take his morning pills because he would n't think to take them until he was headed out the door . He also was often away from home at lunch or even dinner . With this item he can take the current day of pills in his pocket with him . He 's much happier now and so am I.
 This medication box is perfect for me to help prepare my mom 's medication for a week at a time . It 's very clear for her to use without mistakes and helps her be more independent . The assisted living facility causes $ 450 . a month if they are to dispense mom 's medication . I can fill these boxes in less than an hour and save the family lots of money to lengthen her stay at the facility . One of the `` girls '' at mom 's table saw it and asked where she could find one . I bought her one for her 90th birthday and she and her family love it and use it for her daily meds as well . Great product . Large enough to hold quite a bit of medication and vitamins too .
 Like others , I take a lot of pills . Some are prescription and some are different vitamins . This is the only pill organizer I have found that holds ALL of my pills . I take about 4 very large pills in the morning plus other various size pills . I use to have to have two pill organizers to hold all of my morning meds but not now . I have Parkinson 's and must take pills 3 times a day so the different compartments really are a blessing . I love the bedtime compartment too ! It is easy to open the different compartments , is easy to fill and best of all it does n't take a lot of space on my bathroom counter . You 'll be really pleassed with this one ! 7 Day Pill Box Organizer 4 Deep Compartments Yellow Tray - Made in the Usa
 I take a lot of supplements daily , which was making it very hard to keep organized . Most pill boxes are way too small for my needs , but this is almost exactly what I need.The good : - The size ! There are four compartments a day that each allow for a considerable amount of pills . - The convenience ! I love being able to take a day of pills with me or multiple days of pills with me when traveling.The bad : - The hinge on one of the lids on one of the compartments is tearing a little . The others seem to be holding up well , but this worries me a bit.All-in-all this is a great product , I think . I am hopeful that I can replace this container that is tearing at the hinge . If it were n't for this , I would give this a five-star rating .
 Have had the same I have them before this one is much much better as it is larger it is easier to use and hold more pills and lead the change of may remember the big improvement
 I suddenly had more meds to take on a daily basis , Morning , Noon & Night . I was using a large flat pill container so that I could seperate my meds for the day , but it was bulky and there was no place it fit neatly to keep my meds where I would n't forget to take something.I found this and I am so happy I did !! Each day is seperated into four compartments . The days all fit nicely into their little tray which is compact enough to fit in my cabinet . Each day I set that 's days meds in easy reach . The compartments are roomy , but the way this is made everything is very compact.I would certainly recommend this to anyone who has numerious meds on a daily schedule . It works for me and I love it .
 Very satisfied with this product . Pill boxes are sturdy and big enough to hold multiple medications . The colors are pleasing and make it easy to differentiate the days . I will likely buy another one so I can have two weeks of pills sorted at once .
 It 's stamped `` Made in the USA `` Deep compartments , holds large pills well , this great for my diet supplements or anyone who has to take pills throughout a busy day .
 This was perfect for my needs . Each section is small enough to take on the go and each compartment was big enough to fit 9 + medications including the oversized horse pills . With 4 compartments , it will hold ALL the daily pills needed and keep them organized so you can take them when it 's time . The only thing that worries me is the little plastic lids that seem like they might wear out quickly . So far so good though ! No problems .
 Bought two of the organizer 's for a 10 day international vacation and was quite impressed with how deep the individual four compartments are for each day of the week . In fact I was able to get 9 large & small capsules and tablets into each box for my morning supplements dosage . In addition the box lids stay shut and require a bit of effort to open but well worth it !
 I have been using the 7 Day 4 Compartment Pill organizer for a year now . I love it . It is easy for traveling . I fill it once a week and then put one day at a time in my purse . The one inch deep compartment is perfect for those horse pills I have to take . VERY CONVENIENT !! No compalints , exactly what I wanted for a pill organizer . I will buy more of these .
 I needed a sturdy pill box that I could load for a week or just a couple of days . The reviews said this was large enough for a lot of pills and sturdy enough for travel . I often just throw a day box in my pocket and go . This has been a great product . Do not hesitate buying it .
 This pill organizer is very helpful . The compartments are deep and can hold many pills . Each box has a morning , noon , evening , and bedtime compartment . The compartments are easy to open and close , but remain shut even when being thrown around inside a purse all day.Besides being very functional , I love that each day is a different color . It 's fun , keeps me on top of my daily medications , and makes taking these medications a more pleasant experience .
 Take my word for it ... THESE ARE THE BEST ! I take a lot of pills ... and have had several different types of pill containers , and nothing compares to these . Yes ... they are expensive , but once you have them ... you will have the best , and you will forget that they cost more . You get what you pay for . I have had 2 sets of these for years . In fact I just ordered two more sets , so I can put my pills together for a month . Yes , the writing on the tops can be a little hard to see , as the writing is small ... and it will rub off eventually , but. , . I just took a black marker and wrote on the top . .1 -LRB- for morning -RRB- , 2 -LRB- for noon -RRB- , 3 -LRB- for evening -RRB- , 4 -LRB- for bedtime -RRB- . Problem solved . They hold a lot of pills , but are not to big since they are a square . I have no problem opening them , and they do stay closed . When I go out , I just toss them in my purse . Love em !
 I really love this product & it was worth every penny to me . It was such a headache to try & remember `` Did I already take this earlier ? '' Now , since they 're portioned out in advance , I know I 'm taking my meds at the right time , in the right dosage , and I do n't skip doses accidentally . When you take a variety of medications & supplements , this is really important . I can automatically tell now if I took my meds on-time that day . I portion out my medicines & supplements for the week ahead on Sunday evening . It is SO nice to have my take-every-four-hour meds already measured out . It was a real pain to go through bottle after bottle all day , every day before . These are portable , too , great to just slip in my purse if need be , since every day has it 's own container . These hold many pills , each slot holding both `` horse pills '' & smaller pills easily together . These do n't come open so easily that you 're losing pills accidentally , but they are n't so hard to open that you 'll break a nail or cut your finger . The plastic is smooth , the colors are bright , and the days of the week are in nice , big , easy-to-read black letters . I like the big case that holds all seven days at once , so they 're not just sitting around loose . This is easy to store , easy to refill , and it 's pretty easy to see into them .
 Each one of the 4 daily compartments holds 10 large multivitamin pills without difficulty . The covers snap firmly closed , and open easily with a short fingernail . The hinges may be a weak spot ; we 'll see.Initially , a two-compartment-per-day organizer was shipped in error . The appearance is identical when wrapped . I am dissatisfied that Amazon provided no means to designate the return as their error and simply exchange the correct product for the wrong one . Amazon paid for the return , but left me to re-order and pay for shipping of the correct item on my own . I hope Amazon is not becoming `` iffy . ''
 It has enough space for the larger tablets . Each day can be separated and carried along if necessary . Easy to open , but appears to be tightly covered .
 I purchased this organizer previously and decided to get another so I could fill two weeks at a time with my medications . I like the fact that the days are in individual containers so if you leave for several hours you have a small container to carry . They compartments close tightly and are a little difficult to open at times but I would rather put the extra effort into opening the compartment than have my pills spilled in my purse . I would definetly order another when necessary .
 This product is so compact and portable , I love it ! It does n't take up a lot of space and yet the compartments are large enough to fit large supplements like Flax Seed Oil - they 're huge ! I have to admit that the compartment doors are n't always easy to open , and I broke one the first time I tried . Not a big deal , and I would highly recommend this product . It also helps that each day is a different color and the compartments are clearly labeled with each day .
 I LOVE this pill box set . The quality is excellent and the form factor is perfect for me . Plenty of space for those who have lots of pills to take around 4 times a day .
 I know this is not sold as a travel pack , but all it would have needed was a clear cover to fit ontop of the little yellow tray to hold the daily packs in place and it would have been perfect -LRB- now the seperate boxes fall out of the tray and loose in the suitase or handbag.Other than that , great product . Good quality , perfectly sized compartment for vitamins -LRB- big enough to take Omega pills and the like -RRB- .
 I bought these for my 80 year old parents . Each were taking several medications 3 and 4 times a day . It was becoming a nightmare for them to dose the medications correctly . The compartments are deep enough to hold several pills and each day container is easily stored in a purse or pocket if they are out for the day . I do wish , though , that we could have bought different colors for Mom and Dad . As it is , we had to mark each tray and container so they could tell which set belonged to Mom and which to Dad .
 I like this package because it is sturdy and a very good way to store your unused batteries . Most other batteries have flimsy packaging that starts falling apart or becoming unstable for the remaining batteries as soon as you remove a few . -LRB- Edit Jan ' 13
 I was very pleased to find these batteries at a great price . I use them to power my Pelican 2360 for duty use and seem to last a bit longer that duracell or engergizers . Rayovac Ultra line is the only brand a major oil refinery selected as its vendor . The contractor pack helps keep them in secure and in order .
 I have an xbox 360 and I run through those 4 packs like hotcakes but with these I do n't have to order another pack at least for 3 months .
 I got this just because it comes in a package that does n't dump batteries all over the floor . I hate crappy packaging . The batteries seem to work .
 We always need batteries on hand for toys and such and these do the job . I 've ordered them a few times and been happy each time .
 Came in a nice container with easy access . So far , no problems . I do n't expect any . this is second order .
 I 've used Rayovac Alkaline batteries for many years and I find that they do as good as the other name brand batteries at a lesser cost , plus they 're made in USA and I like that . I 've been buying my batteries at W ** Mart , but as I 'm finding out these days Amazon Prime is beating W ** Mart on price/convenience . I like saving approx . $ 4.00 and having it handed to me at my door -LRB- I do n't like having to drive to the store , plus recently I do n't like the atmosphere in the W ** Mart Stores anyway ! -RRB- .
 I use these in regular electronics and high output lights . They last as long as any name brand I have tried in the normal stuff and even seem to last slightly longer in the high output light . When I get low , these will be what I order next time !
 the price for this product was a good one because for the number of batteries you get everyone else is more .
 Having a baby means we go through a lot of batteries for various gadgets . This is a great buy for batteries and a good size pack so we do n't need to always be purchasing them !
 Realemnte me han sido de gran &uacute;tilidad ahora que se ha ido la electricidad . La duraci&oacute;n lo he observado y tienen mas carga que las otras marcas . El precio y la cantidad de baterias lo hacen muy econ&oacute;mico . Ya llevo 2 paquetes y si duran .
 The price is good and the batteries are fine . The one minor nitpick is that all the batteries came with a five year expiration date , although the listing said seven years . Not a big deal , tho .
 These batteries may not last as long as others , even if they claim they do , but they work just fine for my budget !
 Good price for the amount of batteries you get , which in my opinion makes up for the somewhat shorter lifespan than other brands I 've purchased .
 just as good as Duracells , but at a great price , shipping was fast , all batteries were fresh and strong , will most definately purchase more in the very near future
 i read up on the new Rayovac batteries and they are rated as good as Duracell or Energizer , but much better pricing
 I have been using Rayovac for a few years now , and find them to be as powerful and last as long as the super-advertised brands like Duracell and Energizer , for a LOT less money.If you want a powerful , reliable battery for a bargain price , then go with Rayovac . If you want to support a cute electric bunny , then buy the over-priced other brand .
 These do last long and I like the packaging to store your batteries all in one place . Also this packaging is easier for you to store away . They are also very good price .
 Seems to work as well as any other batteries that I have bought . So far , they have not required any premature changing .
 I bought this to go with the Wolf window washer mop - it really makes light work of the windows , and with the Wolf extender pole , made doing the second floor a breeze as well . I used no cleaner , just this microfibre mop head and it did a superb job - I finished up with the Wolf squeegee . Highly recommended . I own a lot of Wolf garden tools that I bought when living in Germany - you can not beat the quality .
 I have a permanent cough , and find these lozenges just right to lubricate my throat , especially at night when I often wake up with a dry mouth . I keep a cache close to my bed so I can just reach in and pop one in my mouth . I have never had problems choking on them , even when they take a long time to disolve and I go back to sleep.I have tried other products , but there are the best .
 Your results my differ , of course . I have used the original flavor Ricola cough drops for several years , and the sugar-free version seems to do just as well . I am allergic to a variety of pollens , molds , and house dust . One of my most annoying symptoms is an itching at the back of my soft palate . I was surprised to find that these Ricola drops stop that itch , which antihistamine pills seem not to touch . So I use the Ricola for this allergy symptom far more often that for cough .
 I have to say , I love this product , and have actually used it for years . When I could n't find it being consistently carried in ANY of my local stores -LRB- supermarkets and drug stores -RRB- , I decided to order it in bulk from Amazon . I use these daily mostly to keep my mouth moist at night , but I have found them effective in controlling the coughs I get from time to time as well . I needed something that was -LRB- a -RRB- sugar free , to protect my teeth -LRB- b -RRB- individually wrapped so it was easy to put in my pocket or purse -LRB- c -RRB- good tasting and -LRB- d -RRB- did the job . The Ricola products do it all . By alternating the Mountain Herb with the Cherry versions , I do n't get tired of using it . I have gone to other products from time to time , and always came back to these because of the taste -LRB- and no aftertaste -RRB- . I will say , however , that for some reason the other sugarfree flavors Ricola produces do n't seem to work as well or taste as good .
 I have a post nasal drip and this is the only thing that gives me relief . I have diabetes and need sugar free . I like the flavor and am happy to get it delivered to my door . It works for me and I checked with my doctor and he said it would be fine to use .
 I do n't know if this crap really works but got it for the wife and thought they probably did n't have to pay the Chuck Norris look alike model as much as the real deal .
 The magnet package is complete with magnets and wraps . Works great for relieving pain .
 The back wrap helped me with the pain I had from my lung surgery in 2008 . I could n't do any work that required repetitive motion . With the wrap over the surgery site I was able to do most everything I did before . At some point I found that I did n't need the support as much . Apparently the magnetics 's cured some of my pain . A God send , thanks !
 this company was prompt in delivery and as for the magnets I love them . I get bad cramps in my legs at night and they relieve it quickly . With the different sized straps they can be used many many ways .
 I have found that this product not only relieves the pain but also keeps the pain from frequently occurring . It is simple to use and can be used at night when you are resting or in the day time under you clothes when you are at work .
 This is a very nice assortment . I have only then a short time but have used them often.Very happy with them
 A good non-invasive way to treat muscle pain . I believe the therapy is also helpful in enhancing healing as I have used it after foot surgery with good results .
 It has helped muy back pain , I use them very often.Thank you.I highly recommended these Therapy , is very good
 it is a blessing to learn more about the ancient oils and have access to them via your company . I was able to introduce it as well to another friend who in turn purchased the set as well . Amen !!
 I 'm finishing my second bottle . The brain fog and forgetfulness that I had been experiencing has lifted . My memory for smaller things that I used to forget , like where I left my keys , has improved . I do n't have a sudden miraculous memory , but just enough improvement to reduce my frustration .
 BRAIN SPEED has all the potential of a miracle , especially for older citizens . Diminishing brain function can be troubling , limiting enjoyment of their `` golden '' years.BRAIN SPEED may be the miracle dimenshia patients have been waiting for.BRAIN SPEED is upgrading recall and memory . A `` GREAT '' product , even if youdo n't have dimenshia . Helpful to upgrade memory at any age.Anita Roberts , Meridian ID
 Came on time or early nice item why do I have a word limit own items to rate good item
 I bought this product for my mother who has severe arthritis in her knees . It allows the person to use more leverage with their arms when getting out of their car . The metal end is easily inserted in the U shaped striker bar found in most cars . I found this product to be very sturdy and easy to use . I would highly recommend this product for anyone needing extra assistance getting out of their cars .
 Very strong support for getting in and out of cars with my bad hips . Portable , works on both sides of the car , includes belt cutter and window breaker as well . The grip is especially well done , good texture , comfortable , firm feel . Built well , strong as heck . Money well spent .
 This is a quality tool . HandyBar gives a handy helping hand - support right where one is needed most when getting in or out of a vehicle . Are you going to be riding in someone else 's vehicle ? Do n't forget to take your HandyBar along . It will NOT harm the vehicle it is used on . Makes travel a whole lot easier !
 My mom is in her 90 's and has a weak back . This product really helps her to get in and out of the car . Very secure handle . Easily fits in glove compartment so you never forget it .
 I bought this to help with getting out of the car , not realizing how perfect it would really be . It 's extremely sturdy and gives just enough assistance and leverage to keep from tumbling to the ground . It also has general safety features , such as the seat belt cutter and window breaker in case an accident . Great thing to have in the car !
 It works just as advertised ... the drawback is getting my 90 + year-old in-laws to believe it works and/or remember to try it ... so in their car
 After my husband 's knee replacement surgery , it was difficult for him to enter and exit the car . This is a fabulous tool and made it so much easier for him to balance . I highly recommend it .
 Item was exactly as described and work just fine in both cars . Especially in the VW that 's low to the ground where I need a little extra hand hold to get out .
 Excellent item for people who need something else to hold onto when entering a car .
 This handy little tool was exactly what I was looking for to help my 87 year old Dad get in and out of my car . There just is n't anything to grab on to unless you get this ` HandyBar ' . Fits easily on my Honda CR-V or on my old Dodge Dakota . It truely is a Handy Bar !
 The Drive Medical HandyBar is indeed handy to use . My 88 year old disabled father loves it . Very easy to insert in door hinge loop . Stores nicely in the door pocket .
 If you enjoy taking a bath in the morning or early afternoon , this product will work well to refresh and awaken you for your day or evening . The Tangerine/Grapefruit scent is subtle and you may want to add in a few orange slices for effect . This product foams very slightly and the bubbles are not like a bubble bath and disappear fairly quickly.Main Ingredients
 Very satisfied with this product , and happy with how fast it arrived :-RRB- product is great and its working . Definately recommend to use .
 this thing is cool if you want skull items in your bathroom i keep my downstairs bathroom normal then for our upstairs bathroom its done in skulls.And no this is not for decoration we actually use it
 What can I say ? It 's a toilet brush . The price is worth it though when friends/family come out of the bathroom and say `` what is that ?!? '' They are all jealous !
 Ok . Skulls are great . This is a well-made , fun toilet brush . It gives the most disagreeable household chore -LRB- next only to cleaning the cat box -RRB- a touch of gravitas .
 This is a great scale and an excellent value ! After calling Taylor directly with product questions - I was extremely impressed by the knowledge of the person I spoke to about this product and how it measures Body Fat % . Be sure you are fully hydrated when you take a Body Fat Reading to get your most accurate Body Fat measurement . How do you know when you are properly hydrated ? The scale will tell you with the Body Water % . The best time to take the Body Fat reading is later in the day - before your last meal.The weight measurements have been consistent . I think this product is just plain excellent !
 I did quite a bit of research and these scales live up to the reviews I read -LRB- almost all of which were positive -RRB- . They are very repeatable . I will add one negative note however . They are trying to control too many functions with too few buttons . Holding a button for the wrong length of time can cause you to enter the incorrect mode . I am not an unintelligent person , but it took me 4 to 5 tries with the instructions to finally set up the memory features correctly . They have been great since I finally got it done though .
 So far , this scale is fairly good . It gave weights that are pretty close to what other electronic scales gave -LRB- and the .5 lb increment on this scale is precise enough , for those of you wanting a .2 lb increment -RRB- . My Body Fat measurements were fairly consistent , with it not varying by more than 1 % from day to day.BUT !!! The main suspicion I have with this scale is that it seems to have a `` lazy '' weight measurement change . What do I mean by that ? Let 's say , for example , you weight yourself and the scale says 154lbs . If you step off , take off a jacket u know weights about 1.5 lbs , and step on the scale again , the scale will show that you still weight 154lbs . BUT ! And here is when it gets interesting , I suspected that the scale might have a ` short-term ' memory built into its eletronics and will simply go back to the most recently measured weight if the difference in weight is small enough . SO , I weighted myself , at say , 154 , then made the scale go to some other weight , say 130 , and then take off my jacket and weight myself again , and guess what ? I now get 152.5 lbs.So , in summary , a pretty precise and good scale , but for some reason , its designers decided to build in a ` cheat ' like that just to give the illusion that it is even more precise .
 I bought this scale because I wanted to get a body fat scale first of all , but when I found out that they donate money to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation , it was even better ! Having breast cancer effect my family was my strong reason to buy this scale and lend more support . The body fat feature is great , easy to use ! Just a couple of buttons and I was ready . I may not like the results but it was easy . I also drink a lot of water so knowing my body water levels is also important . I must admit , I use the scale mostly for just the scale mode -LRB- I just step on it for that -RRB- , but will do the body fat thing once a month to see if anything changes . I like this scale much better than my older one . My older one I had to press it first and wait before I stepped on it , which bugged me . I like just stepping on the scale to get my weight . I was researching scales in the stores and it seems that most Taylor models are like that . I saw Weight Watchers and Healthometer in the stores with a big red sticker to press on first and wait -- yuck , I did n't want that again . Amazon has such a good price on this scale , I had to buy it ! And now , I am happy !
 I have been looking to purchase a new bath scale for a little while now and have looked to Amazon to help offer me the choice to search through different brands . I found this scale and when I compare it with other body fat scales - well - this one has great features and is much less in cost ! Now throw in that it comes from a company willing to support breast cancer research and it was a no brainer for me . Thanks Amazon for carrying this product and thanks Taylor for offereing to support the cause .
 I used these for my Pocketwizard FlexTT1 . They work perfectly and have no problem . They are also individually packaged which is great .
 we are professional photographers and use these batteries in our pocket wizard mini tt1 triggers . they are great batteries , but i 'm honestly not convinced they are any better or worth more $ $ than those ones you buy on amazon in the 25 pack .
 My order came from SWATCHBATTERY.com fast.The price for 6 batteries is not found lower anywhere ! . The `` Use By '' date was 03-2019 . The Energizer 's contain no mercury .
 These batteries are genuine Energizer cells packaged just as pictured . Nothing else to add really.Expiration dates were all 3/2020 .
 Very quick delivery of individually packaged batteries . For Christmas , my wife bought some LED remote-control `` candles '' that required these batteries . Several of the OEM batteries died after short usage . We ordered these batteries . They arrived quickly . They worked well out of the box , and the candles now glow great .
 I paid less for 12 of these Energizer batteries than I did for ONE at the local drug store -LRB- last resort -RRB- ! They work just as you would expect an Energizer to work , great !
 I got six batteries for the price of one when I buy them at the drug store , that 's perfect ! . . .
 These work better than any other I have purchased . Using in a small candle type/longer and brighter . The price is very good .
 Good batteries individually packaged with the expiration date on them so I know they are fresh . I would recommend them to anyone .
 Great deal excellent pricing tried a competitors battery and it was n't even close to fitting or powering the product . Which is why I went with a time tested and trusted Energizer product they have never let me down ...
 Great price , Fast order , Delivered at work you got to love it ! I ordered them with one button on my iPhone at the site where my old battery died . The next day I had a fist full of batteries for a great price .
 I could not believe the price for one of these at the local stores , For a little more than the price for one I now have 5 back ups .
 Very happy with this purchase . Batteries worked great . The date on when touse by were a year and a half from the date we received them .
 Got the product quickly and it was exactly as advertised . Will definitely use the seller again.Thank you .
 On our cold winter nights , my alarm sensor batteries kept weakening and of course setting off an early morning low battery alert . Getting these at the local drug store proved way to expensive as each sensor needed two batteries . Bought them from Amazon and saved quite a bit ... am on my third six pack and all is well ...
 These batteries power stuff , and these batteries are powered by the best stuff , lithium ions . I am not sure about the chemistry involved , but the chemist inside of these lil guys are better then the lazy ones in other , off brand , batteries . I use these in my Pocket Wizard photography equipment and they are much more reliable than Previously Purchased Power sources .
 My garage door remote uses 3 button batteries . 2 different sizes . It was cheaper to buy these 6 than to buy just what I needed locally .
 I could not have be happier than when I found these batteries , there GREAT !!!! Like I said , WHAT A DEAL !
 I thought I was only ordering 1 battery , and at that price I was happy . After it arrived I saw 6 and had to recheck the listing and found out that was correct . Excellent price and shipping was fast . I use these for my Harley security system fob , and having extras is only a plus . Highly recommended .
 Work fine . Came quickly . Nothing leaks . It 's a set of batteries . Why are so many words need to review something as basic as batteries ?
 Exact product shipped as advertised . Expect them to work fine as I 've never had a problem with Energizer Batteries . Great price also .
 I recived the order in time . The product was as described.I have not used this product and do not know how they are .
 Needed one of these as a backup but for just a bit more than buying one I bought six . They last for years , so that 's cool - save some money in the long run . If this is the battery type you need , you ca n't go wrong with this brand .
 My daughter is kind of small so we were using size 7 pampers even though they were a little snug and leaked quite often . I figured it was time to move up . The cons are , my daughter has what we call frog legs so we can only fasten the top tape , they are some what bulkier than pampers and they are a bit pricey . The pros , they hold so much more , the smell is almost not there and she does n't have the red marks on her hip bones any more . Oh , and I do n't have to buy the diaper inserts any more . So all in all I would recommend them . I just do n't understand why things for the physically challenged people have to be so expensive .
 THIS PRODUCT HAS HELPED ME TO LOSE 41 LBS . I WOULD RECOMMEND IT.PLEASE RESTOCK IT ON YOUR WEB SITE !!!!!!
 About a year ago I started getting regular yeast infections . Over the counter and prescription meds would get rid of it but it always came back the next month . A freind told me to take acidophilus supplements and I did . Now the only time I get infections are when I forget to take my power-dophilus for a few days ...
 Country Life - Power-Dophilus -LRB- Milk Free -RRB- , 4 bill , 100 veggie capsI have used milk-free acidophilus for many years because of my allergy to dairy products and a desire to maintain a healthy gastro-intestinal tract . I always refrigerate this supplement . Generally speaking I prefer freeze-dried versions rather than capsules . This particular version is quite good , although they begin to lose their potency towards the bottom of the bottle .
 I 'm writing to try to diminish the effect of the erroneously placed merchant review of one star that 's skewing this product 's rating from 5 stars to 3 . I think this is an excellent product concept . Keeps the saline sterile and delivers it with enough force to work for cleansing wounds . No need to draw it up into a syringe . Now anyone can have effective wound cleansing equipment in their home first aid kit . Everyone should have some around .
 great for washing wounds , and especially great for cleaning piercings , no matter where they are ; -RRB-
 MY MOTHER USED THIS FOR AS LONG AS I CAN REMEMBER ! IF YOU HAVE ANY OPEN WOUNDS , ARE A BURN VICTIM OR HAVE BLOODY SORE SKIN FROM FECAL MATTER AROUND YOUR `` STOMA '' DUE TO BEING AN OSTOMY PATIENT , YOU WILL FIND THIS SOLUTION ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS FOR CLEANING YOUR SKIN ! USING A WASH CLOTH AND SOAP AND WATER ON SEVERE OPEN WOUNDS CAN BE EXTREMELY PAINFUL . USING THIS SALINE , YOU JUST LET IT DRIP ONTO THE AREA AND LET IT DRY . IT CLEANS THE AREA EXTREMELY WELL AND DOES IT WITH THE LEAST AMOUNT OF DISCOMFORT AS POSSIBLE ! CA N'T SAY ENOUGH GOOD THINGS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT !
 I love this thing . I 'm the kind of guy who like to be prepared for stuff if possible , not overly paranoid , but I try to strike a balance . I have made my own big First aid kit for my car , and I have been looking for some kind of sterile wash to clean my wounds with . I usually use tap water and slap a paper towel on it , until I can get to my car , and use proper bandage . But I was kind of sick and tired every time I cut myself and put my hand under the tap , it stings like hell , especially if you have deep wound , and then after a minute or two I can see some white stuff accumulating around the wound -LRB- I assume these are white blood cells trying to fight off an infection from the dirt that got into the wound , plus the tap water.So I finally found this stuff . and sure enough a couple of days later I cut myself at work , and used this to wash the wound , and WOW , I could feel a thing , it was very gentle , especially cause it does n't come out very fast from the bottle . The bottle is pressurized but not like the hair spray , this thing comes out more like tap water , high volume very low pressure . This is great cause you dont want to pressure wash your wound and cause more pain/damage . , but I , like others , am worried about how long this thing will last ... Thats why I bought two . . Wish they sold slightly bigger bottles for the same price , or maybe bigger bottles that are not pressurized ...
 Wet to dry packing for two months was made easier by a saline spray to wash out the wound first . Excellent investment .
 Will not sting or burn , even on open wounds or mucous membranes.Debrides them safely . One complaint -- too little for too muchy money
 I think that the product is very helpful , it does n't sting and the price is good . But it seemed to run out pretty fast -LRB- faster that H2Ocean -RRB- . One thing I did n't care for was that the spray did n't spray like a spritz spray . It sprayed a lot at a time -LRB- maybe I got a defected one , who knows -RRB- . Other than that , I do like the product so i 'll probably purchase it again .
 I saw where one person said this helped their RLS . Mine was so bad that I was having a very hard time sleeping at night since it seems to get worse in the evenings . Ordered a bottle of the Magnesium Citrate , and received it within a week . Took one pill before bed time , and was a little skeptical . It worked withinn 15 minutes , and my legs just stopped twitching . I thought maybe mind over matter , but it really does work !! Have taken a pill at night for the last month , and have had the best sleep in a very long time . So very happy to have read that review !! Love this product , and would buy from seller again !!
 helps me with my cholesterol lowering , and I do not have to take the statins which is a great trade off
 It works as described . It really allocated the calcium in my body the way I desired it to . Fantastically awesome !
 i 've used this for over 3 years . Gives excellent support for `` loose '' knees by stabalizing tendons in upper and lower areas of the knee cap .
 This is a product to ease much of the knee pain of osteoarthritis . I have used the product before -LRB- I have another which I purchased previously -RRB- . The strap is as good as they claim , is easy to put on and take off , and does its job .
 About a year back , I started Tae Kwon Do . About a month back I started having knee pain . It was making life difficult . I would had to give us Tae Kwow Do . After my Doctor recommended a knee brace , I first used one from a local drug store . The big brace was not comfortable while exercising.The Cho-Pot Dual Action Keen Strap is very comfortable to use and has totally eliminated my knee pain . It provides stability and support while I have it on . More important , it eliminated the knee pain at other times .
 This knee strap has helped me greatly when I 'm having trouble sleeping from knee and foot pain . I do n't like to take over-the-counter meds all the time -LRB- usually acetaminophen -RRB- and I refuse to use any prescription pain killers to be able to sleep . This knee strap helps relieve both knee and foot pain that I have been able to sleep most of the time without taking any meds . I sometimes use it while walking and it has helped relieve that pain too and support my knee well . The top strap tends to slide down a lot , but the bottom strap has never slipped . It needs some sort of side supports to help keep the top strap in place . -LRB- I bought 2 of these from different vendors , so I 'm leaving feedback for both . -RRB-
 The Cho-Pat knee strap does what it claims to do ... Holds the patella area in place and thus provides stability .
 After I ordered this item , I received a call from them inquiring the size . I indicated that I needed aan extra large , which they said they would send . After nine -LSB- 9 -RSB- days I received the Knee Strap , but it was a size medium.Calling again , I spoke with the same individual who remembered me , apologized for the error and would resend the correct size . This would also include instructions for return on the origional . After two weels plus , having not received the replacement , I called again , ane was told that the Knee Strap had not as yet been sent . Within the following week I did receive the item . Their website instructs the measurement taken at the center of the knee . My measurement was 18 '' which there web indicates an extra large -LSB- 16 '' to 18 '' , The instructions with the strap , when received , indicate that the extra large is for 18 '' to 20 '' measurement.Their web site stresses the their customer service is what they take pride in , unfornatunatly I did n't experience the end result of good service . My calls were responded with apologies but , there was no follow through.The strap is a tad large , but will suffice , as I do feel relief when wearing it .
 I ordered my ChoPat after borrowing one from a friend . My knee hurts when I hike , especially going steeply downhill . Wearing this brace is a big help .
 I damaged my knee repairing home flooring two years ago . My doctor told me that an operation might be necessary on my knee cap if things got worse . For every day use this support I have found comfortable and effective in stabilising the knee cap . I dont always wear it , but when I get a twinge and when bike riding I grab it . It washes easily and is not so uncomfortable and sticky as some of the more complex supports . Innitialy I did need and together with hydrotherapy used the cross over type support . Currently I am very greatful that this Cho Pat Dual Action Knee Strap is keeping me away from the surgeon . I live in the U.K. and several people have asked me ` where did you get your Cho Pat ? ' A tip to home maintenance weekenders - When doing kneeling jobs use decent knee pads to avoid injury .
 I like my cho-pat knee brace and use it when I play tennis.I twisted my knee and had knee pain and had difficulty walking . I purchased it on the recommendation of a friend and am very pleased with it . I am back to playing tennis and think the knee brace helped .
 Used it for many years but after losing weight I had to get a smaller size . Whenever my knee acts up I use this and my knee quickly feels better .
 i have arthritus and a cyst in my knee it really helps i had another that would make my entire leg hurt this is simple good support stays in place sometimes it shifts but not by much
 Great support and pain relief for knee muscle strain.Well and made comfortable . Bought extra ones in caseone was in the wash . I wear them when I work out.They do absorb sweat , so need washing once in a while .
 We bought our first set when my wife tried the ones my brother had . I then tried hers and bought a pair for myself . They really help .
 This is exactly what it said . I had a single strap knee brace but it was n't stable enough so I bought this . This keeps my knee in place while running and cuts down on the pain I have .
 I have had a problem with the ligament that runs from the knee to the hip while attempting to change direction with the right leg planted . This device has eliminated the problem for now and I expect it will for the future . I do not know how it would work for a a younger and more agressive player but for a 73 year old guy who plays old guy doubles it is great .
 I started taking Zumba classes and I loved them , all of a sudden my left knee started hurting to the point I could n't do it anymore . :--LRB- I saw this knee strap and I figured I would give it a try . OMG it was a miracle . The fit was perfect and I noticed an immediate difference . I was able to walk up and down stairs and jump . The only thing is when you are finished working out take it off or it can start hurting cause it is cutting your blood circulation . Thanks to whoever invented this product .
 This is my third set of Cho-Pat knee braces , I went for the smaller size as the large was about an inch too big . Medium is a tick small , but I am happy with it . I only wish they made them for left and right knees so the flap would wrap to the outside . Ca n't have everything I guess .
 This was a Christmas present for my Grandson 's dorm room and he really liked it . I have one for myself and it 's been very durable .
 I was surprised when my two wastebaskets arrived that they were larger than I had expected from looking at the photos -LRB- it helps to look at the dimensions first ! -RRB- but they worked out just fine and I really like the look of them . They 're sturdy , practical , and attractive .
 order these all the time for our office . not much to say but that it 's a good looking waste basket .
 It 's a good size and style . The price was right and prime shipping was available . The only warning I would give you is to treat it gently because it is not much stronger than a Budweiser can !
 The waste can was exactly as stated in the description . It completes the ensemble of my office . Even my eight year old daughter lover the design.Thanks !
 I 'm in my late 50 's now and without this condom would ejaculate within a minute of two unless I pulled out constantly but with this product can easily thrust for 20 or 30 minutes without taking much of a break . My wife likes the much longer sex we have and generally I take the condom off a few minutes before DECIDING to ejaculate so things are more natural . Combine the condom with Cialis and it 's the fountain of youth . The numbness is not much of a tradeoff when you consider you can thrust like your 21 again .
 oviosly u men dnt have premature problems it works for certain men not all u should see a doctor before using these kind if they good for u they work for me since im a minute man
 It definitely works just as advertised and it is like magic !!!! I really do n't need to tell you more because nothing to complain about and because it does exactly what it suppose to do . Totally worth the money .
 I have been using different types of trojan condoms for months , and was able to last 20 min plus in bed . Then a few weeks ago for some reason I started to climax alot sooner . I was only lasting for 3-5 min , which was pretty embarassing . I did some research and found that these condoms help prevent Premature ejaculation , which I guess I had developed a mild case of . I used this the first time and lasted 20 + min back to where I was before , and sometimes even longer . If your sick of ejaculating to early definitely try it , it works . In some of the reveiws people have said it stings when you put it on . It did n't for me , it just numbed it just enough to take the sensitivity away on the tip . Make sure you leave it on for 3-5 min . before intercourse so it has time to work . This has helped save my confidence and sex life !!!!
 After dating this new girl for about 6 weeks she wanted to have sex . PE had never crossed my mind until after 30 seconds of losing my virginity I was already done . After doing some research I miraculously stumbled upon these condoms . After barely lasting a minute with a normal condom , once I put this condom on it was like giving my penis super powers !! I lasted way longer than expected and had a lot of fun ! Recommended for those who need it !!
 These condoms work great for me , most of the time.Be sure to wait a minute or two after putting it on so the lubricant can take effect.They do tend to sting sometimes but nothing unbearable.Also , they work too good on occasion and may take a long while for you to finish .
 These condoms work great , they numb the penis just enough to last much longer and enjoy it as well .
 Very good product , i ca n't find words to say how it was usefull to me . Thanks to Trojan Company.Keep on going
 My partner loves it . Put this on , wait for 60 seconds , and have fun : - -RRB-
 a lot of technology is involved in this products ... works perfect ... no complain ... recommended ... future business for sure ... . A + + + . . !!
 I decided to try the Extended Pleasures . Wow I think they worked a little too good , as I had trouble reaching climax . They have benzocane in them which makes you fairly numb , and I think that they 're a little thicker than normal condoms . IMO they should have a touch less benzocane and be a little thinner.After you put it on you should wait a minute as it takes the benzocane about a minute to take full effect . Then go to town ...
 Alright , so before making the purchase I read all the reviews on here , and half of them are complaints about how this condom will make your penis numb , and you wo n't feel anything at all . With this climax control condom on , I can go three times longer than without it , that 's how good it works for me . My girlfriend was pretty happy . Now about the issue of condom making your penis feel numb , it 's suppose to do that ! lol . But I can still feel the great sensation of the intercourse . Remember , this is meant to make you last longer , it DOES NOT make you stay hard longer , there 's the difference ! So if you have erectile dysfunction to begin with , obviously putting this numbing condom on will make your case even worse ; you need something like viagra not a numbing condom . Again , this product is for normal healthy men who do n't have problem staying fully erect , but just ejaulate early , so this condom will make you stay fullly erect longer .
 This product works great for me ! Have been using it over a year and my gf is seriously impressed with how I can last just as long as her now . Product does leave a strange numb feeling aferwards , but it wears off in 5min or so after condom is removed . Have never lost an erection or failed to finish when I wanted to with this product .
 If you dont last longer than 2 minutes then you need these . Sex was boring because it was over quickly but now I can last as long as I need . This condom will decrease sensation so that you can last as long as you need to . For the first time in my 12 years of marriage I was able to bring my wife to climax instead of relying on other ways . Now sex is fun again .
 This condom works almost too well . However , my GF has no complaints about it . Sure , it numbs your member somewhat , but when your climax happens it can be awesome . I am happy with this product .
 hey it works for me . . i 'm way too sensitive and it does exactly what it 's suppose to . . numbs me down and do n't worry it goes away like 20 minutes later
 Okay I ran a little mini experiment yesterday . In the morning I went with the regular condoms and lasted about 15min whomp whomp ... Later that night I tried one of these on . Gave it a minute to take effect and then went to town . I lasted for about 2 hours . She didnt know what happened lol she said I was a machine ! I dont think ill ever use anything else these are amazing !
 My husband buys these to sell to his friends and he sells them by the hundreds ... . I have never tried them , he calls them the magical condoms ... . but all the comments I get are excellent , men using this product last a lot longer , over an hour in one sex session , but need to take it out in order to ejaculate , because it kinds of numb the penis ... . I guess at the end just use a bit of imagination , and change to oral ...
 These things rock ! They numbed up my junk . Last time , I was able to keep the pleasure going for 1 whole minute ! Wow ! Thanks Trojan !
 I have been taking Malabar Super Milk Digestant for over 5 years because it works far more effectively than any other Lactase product due to the added ingredient Rennin , and Amazon has the best price !
 It really works and is much better than simple lactase or Lactaid because Super Milk Digestant has another enzyme as well . My wife and I both use it , and have for years .
 I have used this product for quite some time . It is great . Easy to use . Solves my dairy intolerance problem . Cost effective . Tablets retain their integrity and I do n't end up with powder all over when I carry them in a small container in my purse .
 I 've been using this brand for at least 8 years now . I 've tried just about everything on the market for lactose intolerance and nothing works except this product , and it works perfectly ! If any food I eat , not just milk products , gives me a loose stool I just take one of these and I 'm good to go . I like them much better than Pepto Bismol ! lol As well as they work I still limit my intake of dairy as my system is ultra-sensitive .
 Best Day cream I have ever used , all year round ! I am 43 and my skin is hydrated and appear younger : -RRB-
 This product is what will help keep you beautiful . Get used to people saying , &#34; My you certainly do n't look your age . &#34; It feels very smooth on your skin , keeps wrinkles at bay and it has an SPF of 20 . What more can a girl ask for ? Oh , and did I mention being able to get Retinol at such a good price ? How could anyone NOT try it ?
 I love this cream it really does work for my old 59 year old face.I have laid out in the sun since I was 23 and tanning beds and no one would believe I 'm 59 years old.This cream makes your face so soft and it does not smell bad so ladies and gen 's that is a plus.I will buy again .
 I love this . Goes on smoothly and seems to help . Have n't tried it long enough , but the price is definitely worth it . Will re-order when its gone .
 I 'm an older guy with a light complexion living in the Sunshine state . My skin was getting pretty discolored by age and the sun . I gave this product a try and have been very impressed with the results . My skin has a smoother appearance , with significantly less sun coloration . It weird to say it , but there is a certain `` glow '' to my skin that I have n't seen in years . Now is maybe the right time to say I never write reviews of any product for a lot of reasons . However , I have been significantly impressed with this product . I 'd like to say it makes me look younger , but I 'm hoping not to be too vain . Let 's live it that there is a definite improvement in my facial skin ! It has changed my facial skin tone and I do feel better using this product .
 This makes my skin look and feel nice . A little goes a long way . Retinol is so good for your skin and I use this everyday .
 I am a 24 y/o woman , and I like to take care of my skin , I am from Chile and when I was living there I had an awesome sking , but when I arrive to america a year and a half ago , my skin start struggling with acne everything bc of the new enviroment , food , situations , everything was to much , I 've tried several things and maybe everyting helped a little bit , but since I am using , the ROC Daily Cleaning Re-Surface / Anti-Wrinkle Disk , Babyface night renewal creme , 2 % Vitamin A -LRB- retinol -RRB- plus this cream , my skin had a dramatical change , looks way better ! so I totally recomend this item .
 My mother is over 65 years she raves how this product has helped her with aging spots , wrinkes sun protection and overall a great hydration for the skin leaving you with soft skin !
 Product chosen after long investigation of what works and includes a sun screen . Price was excellent and product delivered faster than expected . Product is not greasy and is working in the Winter months .
 This is one of the basic creams that you will need for wrinkles ! Great price ! and it works great as compared to expensive products that do the same thing .
 I am really impressed with this product and will continue buying it . I have definitely noticed a difference in lines and wrinkles . At 63 that is saying a lot .
 I love this product . Just one thing to watch out for . If you are spraying your back be careful not to let spray run down your back and enter the crack of your rear end . It burns . I spray my hands and apply to my low back to prevernt this . I 'm passing this along to keep anyone from learning the hard way . I even use this product on my arthritic hands . It works .
 This product is great . I was introduced to it when I was in Physical Therapy for back issues . I have since started buying my own bottle for those occasional aches and pains due to running , yoga and zumba . It feel great and dulls the pain .
 I got this spray at my acupuncturists office and I have n't looked back since ! My husband uses it for shoulder pain and back pain , I like it for headaches and even menstrual cramps -LRB- just spray or roll on the painful site -RRB- . I highly recommend this spray .
 I first bought this for my husband and it work wonder for his back , I get this one for my sister for her husband back and it also work wonder for his back . I would tell everyone about this product .
 This product works very well . I use it before stretching in the mornings and it relieves pain most of the day
 I have been using this for years and it is the best product on the market for relieving muscle and joint pain . To me it works much better than Bio-Freeze . Highly recommend it .
 Stuff works great on my tennis elbow and wife 's back muscles . Friend at work let me try hers that she gets from her doc . I found it on Amazon fir half the price she pays . She now buys hers from Amazon .
 This product helps my knees when I walk in the mall every day . I recommend this product for anyone having knee problems . It is not a cure all but gives temporary relief .
 I was given a bottle of this at my Chiropractor . My fiance and i both use it regularly and love it . We are gym goers , so we occasionally have a sprain or ache that this spray is sure to relieve .
 this is some really powerful spray that works immediately on any ache or pain . bottle small enough to carry w/you and use whenever .
 I stand 12 hour a day all I want for Christmas is two new knees , CryoDerm is a blessing . I got the spray and I will get the crean next time and use the two together ,
 When sprayed on Cryoderm is cool and tingly . It does n't eliiminate all my pain from arthritis but does give me some relief - dulls the pain . Hard to explain . I spray it on my knees , my back -LRB- I had surgery -RRB- and on my right shoulder.I do know that I 'll purchase it again .
 My chiropractor first introduced me to this product . There is not one day that I do not suffer from muscular pain . CryoDerm is wonderful . I love this stuff ! I buy the spray so I can apply it without having to get it all over my hands . It is also easier to apply than having to rub it in , which requires more use of your muscles than spraying . The relief lasts for a while . There is a smell to the product ; but , it 's minty so it 's not bad to me and well worth the relief . I would recommend this product to anyone and everyone !
 This stuff is amazing ! My boys use it on their bumps and bruises after practice and games . They panic if we run out , it 's that good ! We also take arnica sublingual tabs which help too . It 's a must have for all athletes .
 Cryoderm has been around for awhile . My husband 's podiatrist recommended it several years ago . He found it to be an affective pain reliever for muscle and joint aches . A couple months ago I picked up the bottle and looked at the ingredients and said to myself , ` this should be a powerful pain reliever , everything in it has been used separately in the past ' . So ... I gave it a try ; Cryodern does relieve muscle pain symptoms - and you can sleep better if it 's chronic pain . The affects seem to be cumulative , meaning after several uses the relief is just as affective . I sleep better because my hips are n't aching at night .
 This mixture is incredible to spray on sore muscles . The vapors also are refreshing to one 's sinus & bronchial capacity.I bought some immediately after one treatment at my Chiropractor .
 I bought this for my ankle that was hurting and this worked really well . My mom who has arthritis tried it and liked it so much she got 2 bottles.She said it 's a great quick help with the pain .
 I 've tried alot of other pain reliever but until CryoDerm , nothing relieved my Mom 's lower back pain from arthritis . So you can imagine how happy I felt when she told me it feels cool after a few seconds of spraying her back and relieved the pain enough to stop taking Alleve every morning . I also got her a gel-filled heating pad that wraps around her waist and back which she puts over the spray application . So we 're back to smiling again , thank heavens!The only improvement I hope for is that it relieves her pain 100 % . Right now relief is something she is grateful for , however . Otherwise , I would 've given it a 5-star . What I like about it is that it is all-natural , no added toxic chemicals or other additives . So thank you , makers of CryoDerm !!
 I like this product . It works well . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because I have had better .
 this stuff works great ! I have tried most on the market but this one total works . I keep some at work and at home . I recommend this to any one who wants a strong topical pain reliever .
 I purchased this product to help with lower back pain I got from doing yard work . My back hurt for two weeks , everyday . The same day I purchased it , I received notification it was shipped . The CryoDerm was packaged very nicely and works amazingly . NO MORE PAIN ! CryoDerm is definitely stronger than BioFreeze .
 This stuff really works . I keep 2 bottles , one for home and 1 for work .
 I HAVE PAIN FROM MY JAW TO MY CALF AND THINK THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER TRIED . SOMETIMES IT CURES A PAIN COMPLETELY , MOSTLY IT RELIEVES PAIN FOR SEVERAL HOURS . I WOULD N'T BE WITHOUT IT !
 seems to be stronger than the roll on but some of the spray gets wasted in the air . It does help golfer 's elbow pain and bunion pain
 CryoDerm Pain Relieving Analgesic Cryotherapy Spray -- 4oz . Professional Strengthgreat for active people with aches and pains
 This product works really well , but I find it a bit pricey for the size of the bottle and would prefer if it were thicker so you could massage it in without it running .
 My chiropractor started my on the product . It is fantastic . I even use it for my migraines . I never leave home with out this in my purse .
 This is not a cure but it does provide soothing relief . Although it may not be as strong as the gel version , the spray on function is worth it . My massage therapists used this and I bought it immediately after . Also , because it is spray on I feel better putting it on and then putting clothes on soon after .
 I apply Cryoderm to my lower back and knees after working out at the gym . It helps releives the minor aches and pains . Works great .
 I love this stuff ... it 's great for all kinds of pain . Sometimes I have neck and shoulder pain causing headaches and I spray the area with the Cryoderm and it soothes the pain . Thanks for prompt shipping .
 I work in a gym and whether its a bump or bruise or a pulled or muscle spasm or knot this spray is magic . We love it ! and use it everyday .
 I bought this online after using it at a chiropractor 's office . works great . The menthol is about three times higher than most cheaper pain sprays . also like the arnica added to it . pain relief lasts longer than alot of other pain gels
 I highly recommend this product for any muscle pain , arthritis , etc. ... been using for many years after trying many other similar products and this far outweighs them .
 I have Fibromyalgia and this spray has really cut my pain down since i 've been using it . I want to find a good deal on a case .
 I work in a pharmacy and am on my feet all day . I need 2 knee replacements but do n't really have the time to do it right now . Did n't know what to do in the mean time . A customer brought in a bottle of cryoderm for me to try . It has definitely helped me alot . I sprayed it on my knees before work and it helps all day . I recommend this to anyone that has arthritis !
 We have been using for a few weeks . Bob seems to feel it helps a little . Freddie finds no effect
 This product was recommended by the owner of a health food store for leg cramps . It is a very well balanced combination of excellent quality nutrients .
 I bought this clipper for occasional use . It was just what I needed without spending a lot of money . It works GREAT ! It does n't seem to have the power -LRB- I believe -RRB- for heavy duty work , but for the trims and summer cuts - it 's perfect ! * One note - Have the blades regularly sharpened -LRB- every 3-4 cuts -RRB- and it will run through the coats like it was brand new !
 Excellent price . . excellent shipping ... great product . . the CD was great !! we never new it took so long to clip a 5lb dog . . we had fun i think somebody was puting * miracle grow * `` 0 -RRB- as we was clipping . . it was an in between thing we wanted there 's a lot to do that i was scared to do like in between his feet ... so we 'll save that for the groomers , and his ears !
 I have orange cats and a golden retriever who shed hair like crazy . These lint rollers have a really nice stickiness to them . They are tackier than other brands that I have used .
 THERE WAS A ERROR ON THE ORIGNAL ORDER , AS SOON AS I INFORMED THE CO , IT WAS CORRECTED . NO MUSS , NO FUSS . VERY PROFESSIONAL.I WILL BUY FROM THEM AGAIN.J.O.RUSSELLAPPLE VALLEY , CA
 I can not say enough good things about this product - it really does what it says . It is a supplement which keeps you fresh all day long . Following a shower and brushing your teeth , if you take one-two softgels a day , you do not need to worry about bad breath , stale BO , etc. . I have also noticed that it acts as a antiperspirant for underarm and feet . This is a product I will reorder over and over .
 I was a skeptic with this product before trying it . After about 3 days , I can definitely tell a difference in my body odor , my breath ... and when I go to the bathroom.Be WARNED , your stool will be greenish in color while taking this product . Other than that , I have n't seen any other negative side effects.I do have to take quite a few of these per day for it to be effective though . I 'm sure this depends on the individual as well but I take about 4-5 pills a day ... which can be a pain . I hate taking pills!Updated after about a month of usage : I am now taking 3 pills a day , one after each of my main meals . I find that this is the dosage that 's been working for me and I will keep taking it as such.I experimented by not taking any pills for one day and noticed that my breath odor started coming back as well as other body odor . DO realize that this is a product that works if you continuously take it , it is by no means a treatment for body/breath odor . My stool also goes back to its normal color when I stopped taking it for a day as well so if anything , I know that the effects are not permanent.As I 've stated , I take 3 pills a day and there are 90 pills in the bottle for $ 8.61 . This means that I 'm paying $ 8.61 per month for the rest of my life if I want to stay odor free . I ca n't determine if this product is worth it for everybody but if you 're doing something that requires you to to be up close and/or communicate verbally with people on a regular basis then yes , this product is definitely worth it for you.Also , note that this is NOT an instant breath freshener . If you take it after eating a meal full of onions or garlic , it 's not going to help you at all . Brushing your teeth , chewing gum or something similar is probably a better option . However , if your diet consists of foods that makes you smelly , then yes taking this product will help get rid of those smell over a period of time . It took me about 3 days for the product to start taking its effect .
 I do n't normally write reviews unless the product blows me away and I have to say this one really did . Over the years I 've noticed I perspire more and more especially in the summer months , but I recently started taking a medication that makes me have a body odor I 've never had before . I started doing the research and found this stuff and if you have the same issue you have to try it . Not only does it work , but its almost instant . I literally notice the difference the next day . By the second or third day the odor is 100 % gone . I almost ca n't believe it myself . Do n't be alarmed if you see green when you go to the bathroom , its normal .
 As someone with many digestive issues , I have tried many different products over the years with mixed results . This one definitely belongs to the `` better '' category.I like the idea of adding greens , specifically chlorophyll to the regular food intake -LRB- never did care for neither could ` stomach ' the wheat grass juice -RRB- and my whole digestive tract always feels lot better when I use this at least occasionally -LRB- I take many supplements and it 's just hard to keep up with all of them on regular basis :-RRB- . There is also Mint flavored version available , but has lot stronger and not very palatable kick to it , and does not feel nearly as good going down . This ` natural flavor ' truly has pleasant natural taste and has been a welcome addition to my diet.One thing I would recommend is NOT to drink it straight . Dilute it into glass of water , or else it will stain your teeth pretty badly and only professional teeth cleaning will be able to whiten them back -LRB- regular brushing wo n't help -RRB- . Took me a while before learning this lesson -LRB- my dentist thought I was drinking ` too much green tea ' which I do n't -RRB- .
 I figured I 'd have to be on it for a few weeks before seeing results , but was surprised when my body odor really almost completely disappeared after only a day or two of use -LRB- 2 caps twice/day -RRB- . After a few months , still working just as well .
 I bought this as a `` gift '' to my sister . She has bad breath and uses everything from listerine and other mouthwashes , soap on her teeth , different toothbrushes , etc and still has problems with bad breath . I gave her this and less than 2 weeks later , she LOVES it !! It has solved her bad breath problems and the only downside for her is green feces when she goes to the bathroom but that 's it !
 I was unsure at first if it was going to work or not but after a day I did notice a difference.It completely takes away all odor . I had to use half the bottle at first but start taking regular dosage after a couple days . I was alet and it cleared up the skin on my face ! I recommend this product to anybody . Its worth the buy . Better than deodarant , mouthwash , and soap ... they need to advertise this more . Im definitely a regular buyer ... noticed a big difference when I stopped taking it .
 I 've always been really self conscious about my breath -- not because I have a tendency toward bad breath -LRB- I do n't -RRB- -- it 's just something I tend to be really aware of . The reason I purchased Chlorofresh is because lately I 've been mouth breathing more when I sleep . I tend to wake up in the middle of the night with such a horrible dog breath taste in my mouth that I have to get up and brush my teeth and tongue just so that I can fall back asleep.Since I started using Chlorofresh -LRB- one cap in the morning and one before bed -RRB- , I no longer wake up wondering what died in my mouth . Now if I could just get my wife to start using them ...
 i just take one per day and NOTHING IS SMELLY that is so cool and they shipped extra quick now if i can just remember to take my actual vitamins
 so i started taking them ... i feel like they work ... but i 'm not 100 % sure ... i guess if i stop taking them i 'll know ... but i 'm pretty sure they are working ...
 The product was received on time and in good condition . After taking the pills for about one week , I noticed a positive change in my breath and have received good comments from my wife .
 arrive on time and perfect conditions ... last i did with another delaer and they came incomplete and broken
 So far it seems to be working ... I 've tried just about everything to cure my chronic bad breath . . I brush & floss twice a day , I also scrape my tongue , I use mouthwash , & chew gum , & for years nothing has worked . Based on people 's reactions , it seems to be working . I have n't had anyone in the past few weeks cover their nose or casually offer me a piece of gum or a mint . I 'm going to use my family members as the true test & ask them to take a whiff . If I pass the sniff test with them , I will be 100 % sold on this product . So far I take 2 capsules in the a.m. & 2 in the evening . I 'm going to try reducing down to 1 in the a.m. & 1 in the p.m. & see if it still works . Nonetheless , I reiterate so far so good . Also , another reviewer posted that there is one side effect & that is that it makes your bowel movements green ... this is true , but if you can live that , the benefits of not having horrible breath far outweigh that one side effect .
 Despite other reviews ... I have to say I love the flavor of this ... and so do my children . They ASK me for it . This supplement helps get rid of diaper rash , skin rashes , bacteria in the body -LRB- which helps digestion , nausea and fatigue -RRB- , cleanses the blood -LRB- so helps with about any illness -RRB- , is a very gentle source of iron , and is safe to give children . I 've had a couple of other brands and this one has been our favorite . It does stain green ... it is chlorophyll after all . The liquid is more effective than the capsules and easier for children to swallow ... so we put up with the green lips . It does n't stain lips etc if you mix it with water .
 I 've found it ! For over 15 years , I 've been taking Chlorofresh every other day . The product provide me with odor protection from garlic , meat sitting in my colon for over 3 days due to lack of fiber in my diet , dehydration , or body odor due to fasting . Past two years , I had trouble finding Chlorofresh from GNC , Vitamin World , or any other Brick & Mortar supplement stores . Praise the Lord , it 's sold on Amazon . I am loving it !
 Used to wake up with hot , Godzilla laser breath every morning , making early morning coitus all but impossible . Tried this product based on some research and voila ! No more bad breath ! Great product but be careful not to begin until a weekend . You may experience diarrhea at first or some other side effect . I did n't but nevertheless ... . Get your confidence back in social situations and kiss that donkey breath goodbye !
 Bored one night I was browsing amazon supplements and found a amazon forum link with questions and answers . The question was about heavy body odor and someone recommended this . I do n't have a chronic problem with body odor but there 's been a time or two that I 've left the house forgetting to swipe the pit with the miracle stick . The result was less than pleasing especially in 90 to 100 degree weather . After doing a little internet research I figured it sounds safe enough and if it does n't work for days I forget to swipe at least it will cleanse the blood stream , maybe even allowing better absorption of my vitamin supplements . Long story short , I tested it and it does minimize the funk but does n't eliminate it completely , which is fine by me . But if you stop taking it your body odor will return full force after a day or so .
 People usually do n't tell you . They might just tell somebody else you have bad breath . Fortunately my girlfriend has no problem being blunt . And if you believe mouthwash has anything to do with odors coming out of your nose and mouth and pores ... well . . whatever . Read about it . Alcohol and chocolate and lots of different foods will feed the bacteria in your digestive tract and then you have ` bad breath ' that you ca n't smell but people in your face can . Take a swig of this stuff . Tastes good . And the chlorophyl do their thing on you immediately . Nice . It works .
 I have used this stuff for years ! It is good for everything from Breath to armpits to flatulence to stickiny piddies . It even works an female odor problems even the ones that occur in midlife . There is NO way you can get any better than this . Ditch the Right Guard and start taking this stuff : -RCB- It works much better
 This is a good product . The only drawback is the heartburn . Chlorofresh does exactly what it claims to do . I love waking up with fresh breath .
 I am pregnant and my midwives told me to take this product . I have not had any major aversions to the taste and do feel like I get a little boost of energy when I am consistent on taking it . Hope it helps keep me group B strep free !
 First let me say that I am on a Ketogenic Diet . This means I generally Stink like crazy , from the mouth , the pits , everywhere . Byproducts of Fat metabolism -LRB- Ketones and Acetone -RRB- are exuding from every pore . When I take 2 pills of Chlorofresh every night , Not only is the additional odor that I am producing due to diet completely eradicated but also the noxious odor I would generally produce from frustrating or stressful days combined with especially long and strenous workouts . I literally lack any bad odor period . I do combine this product with the Thai Rock salt deoderant on my private areas which now also lack any odor whatsoever . These 2 products are fantastic and I am going to be a customer for life . I never realized these very powerful natural odor neutralizers existed . The Thai Rock salt has no Aluminum also so it is much healthier than the chemical laden deoderants most people use .
 These really work well . They displace your body odor and keep your breath fresh , they even let you pass fresher gas
 5 STARS FOR A GREAT PRODUCT , VERY AFFECTIVE WORKS IN NO TIME . I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT ON TIME & IT WAS PACKAGED SECURELY .
 I 've experienced stale bad breath my whole life no matter how often I brushed , nothing worked . Until I found this!If it 's possible to be in luv with a product this is it ! I agree with one of the others who 've reviewed , I wonder why dentists do n't recommend it ? I will admit that I use this in conjunction with Therabreath Toothpaste & Mouthwash daily . It is definitely pricey but it works also . The regular otc pastes/mouthwashes seem to make things worse for me . So anyone experiencing foul breath try the therabreath products and Chlorofresh ! PROBLEM SOLVED ! By the way I 'm only on my 2nd week with Chlorofresh ... it works that fast ! -LRB- liquid formula , will try capsules next -RRB- I 'm ecstatic with the idea of waking up to neutral morning breath instead of the previous invisible roaring lion .
 I am an avid bow hunter and hunting success requires getting up close and personal with the quarry . Human scent of any kind is always a concern and must be eliminated to the fullest extent possible . I mainly hunt whitetail deer and wild hog . Both have a tremendous sense of smell and require one to be within 20-30 yards for a clean harvest.I have taken chlorophyll products internally for years to reduce human scent and they work extremely well.It is said that you are what you eat . As a hunter -LRB- particularly a bow hunter or even a wildlife photographer -RRB- , you must reduce or eliminate the odor the food you consume produces through breath , digestive gases and scent via skin pores , as much as possible . Chlorophyll gel caps -LRB- ChloroFresh -RRB- do just that.Chlorophyll gel caps are a must-have for sportsmen .
 I have used the liquid mint-flavored version of Chlorofresh for years , and hate to be without it . Unlike other reviewers , Chlorofresh does n't completely replace deodorant for me , it just lets me stay fresh no matter the hour or temperature . The softgel version gives me diarrhea for some reason , perhaps because I have IBS -- thus the 4 stars . I only use the softgels when traveling , but slice them open to mix the contents in a glass of water.The main ingredient in Chlorofresh is alfalfa , a legume that 's one of the richest natural sources of vitamin K . So no wonder it helps reduce my tendency to bruise . Could be an issue for those on blood-thinners , though.As other reviewers noted , it does turn bowel movements dark green . Just something to be aware of so you do n't think anything is wrong.I have also tried BodyMint , which does not seem to be as strong -LRB- but these pills did not give me diarrhea -RRB- .
 Throw away your aluminum-filled deodorants and take these ! If you 're health conscious you can safely deodorize internally and use a chemical-free , natural deodorant or crystal . This will not keep you from perspiring but WILL stop odor , as long as you take it twice a day . GREAT insurance for those who have tried all other natural products -- and been disappointed with the results . Give it a few days to ` kick in ' .
 I 'm using this both as a weak laxative and mouthwash and it has surpassed expectations for both uses . The only negative is that it does stain clothes so you 'll have to wear an old T-shirt when using . Ca n't comment on the deodorant aspects as I do n't have strong BO to begin with .
 The liquid chlorophyll works better , but the liquid really stains teeth , clothes , countertops , whatever it comes in contact with . I also like the automated delivery you can set up every two months or so . You do n't have to worry about running out and the cost is cheaper than at the local health food store .
 I really like the taste of chlorofresh . It seems to help my breathing as well as overall internal deodorizer . Great price and very timely delivery .
 Sometimes things I eat leave my body NOT smelling the best inside.I know which foods these are , so I take a couple of chlorofresh before I eat and maybe 1 or 2 later or the next day , and I do n't have that `` fishy '' scent ... This has been a miracle for me.By the way , I 'm as clean as clean can be , shower everyday , but certain foods -LRB- fish especially -RRB- just cling to me.This is an internal body deoderant , and I highly recommend this . I am not a pill taker , so I was hesitant to take this product , but have been taking it now for two years when I eat those certain foods , and now I do n't avoid eating those things . . I 'm sure there are many of us out there who are too embarassed to talk about this , and once I talked to my neighbor about it , she took a couple of mine , and was shocked at the results . It really works and the price is right !
 Seriously , it is . I discovered this because I was looking for ways to sweat less without the use of antiperspirant . Since I 've been taking this , my back stopped hurting -LRB- working in a cold meat cooler destroys it -RRB- and I have more energy . I feel all around better.The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because the description did not include dosage size and serving size was off . The bottle actually says take 2 capsules 1-2 times daily as needed . I went with this over Nature 's Plus because this had reviews , and I figured they were similar in dosage . They are 100mg . The natures plus is 600 mg . they cost about the same after shipping too.Hope that helps in your purchase decision . This is still a great product , but the Nature 's Plus seems like a much better deal .
 I had used Body Mint in the past , I 've been on a low carb diet for the past year . When I saw the price difference between this product and body mint -LRB- $ 12 difference -RRB- I decided to try this out . I 've been using it for the past three days and can already tell a difference . One thing that is important for anyone to know who takes this supplement or body mint is that your poop will be green . It just will , and I did n't know that when i first started using it , so i hope that this little disclosure will help any newbies .
 This product is excellent . I was orginally introduced to a similar product on TV . I tried it and was absolutely amazed , but thought the price was to expensive . I did some research and found Chlorofresh had the same ingredients at a fraction of the price and it works exactly the same . Now , I am not a stinky person , but if you 're like me and have a bit or morning breath this product completely eliminates it in only 2 days !! It really is worth it , so give it a try . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I have been on a low carb diet and had some nasty breath . My son told me my breath stunk and asked if it was because of my diet . Well , I felt very uncomfortable and tried everything to mask the smell like ; mouth wash , breath strips , gums , constanst brushing and nothing helped . I found this on AMAZON and ordered it . Well , let me tell you it has helped me so much , I no longer want to turn my head away when I talk to someone and I feel very fresh . I would say for myself after two days of use I felt a noticeable difference . I think I will stick to this product even after I am done with this diet , just to help with overall confidence .
 I love the soft gel caps better than the liquid form . This stuff really works for me , I take 2-3 caps every other day and it does eliminate any bodily odors specially down there odor -LRB- u know what I mean -RRB- , I do n't want any smell down there when I get intimate with my man . I sure notice the difference when I do n't take it for a few days , just ca n't live without this stuff . Just bought 2 more bottles : - -RRB-
 This product is a good detoxifier and tastes very pleasant . The price from this supplier is very reasonable and all bottles were received in tact .
 I purchased the softgel capsules from a different vendor , but I wanted to pipe in and say that these things are the real deal ! I 've always been cursed with bad breath -- even immediately after brushing my teeth and using mouthwash . Not only has this problem stopped -LRB- and almost immediately , too , within 2-3 days -RRB- , but my sweat smells less and my BMs are n't even offensive -LRB- wo n't smell like roses , of course , but come on -RRB- ... For reference , I take 2 capsules twice a day . I had no problems with cramping , etc. . I think $ 10-15 a month is a reasonable price to pay for the boost in confidence , and I 'll be ordering more before my existing supply runs out !
 After trying every soap and deodorant on the market , I hit the net trying to find a product that would reduce sweating or eliminate the smell caused by my sweating . Ten minutes after a shower or bath , the smelly order would return . Particularly in the summer months . This problem caused me to be self-conscious especially during sex because my female parts would release an unpleasant musty odor . The first internal deodorant that I found on the net was almost $ 60 . Of course , I had to hit Amazon for reviews . During my research , I found Chlorofresh with the same ingredients at a more affordable price.I finished my first bottle about three days ago . I must say that it does work . However , you ` MUST ' still wash your body ` Daily ' and apply a mild deodorant . I started taking two pills twice a day . I took a trip to Texas and had to increase the dosage to three pills twice a day . It was 103 degrees etc. ... . NO UNPLEASANT ODOR ! YEAH ! I must also add that I have n't experienced any cramping from the product.I want to add that during my research , I read another review on Amazon and the author stated that he/she also use Hibiclens three times a week on their private areas . Therefore , I purchased this soap as well . The soap and Chlorofresh works great together . After washing with regular soap , I use the Hibiclens daily on my underarms and private area -LRB- Every other day or three times a week would be fine -RRB- . If I only take the Chlorofresh without the soap for about three days , I notice a slight change in female odor . The same as I 'm noticing a slight change in body odor since I 've been out of Chlorofresh for a few days . Not horrible but a slight change . Bottom line , for me these two products work well together . I didnt give Chlorofresh a 5 because I have to use Hibiclens as well .
 This Chlorofresh product was recommended to me in order to control my symptoms of IBS . It has surprisingly eliminated 90 % of my symptoms and has given me my life back -LRB- I did not do much of anything for over a year due to my IBS -RRB- . I started taking it in hopes that it would eliminate the odor of my gas and it did so very well . Even more impressive is the fact that it actually decreases the amount of gas that I have . I have gone from almost constant nonstop gas to practically none ! As if this was n't enough this product has also eliminated my body odors including underarm odor and bad breath , I do n't even need deodorant really anymore ! I have been taking 3-4 of these a day and I enjoy the fact they they are smaller doses so that I can spread them out more throughout my day . I even spoke to my Doctor to make sure that this product was safe to take and she informed me that it definitely is . I highly recommend this to anyone suffering from IBS or body odor problems !
 This can cost anywhere from $ 9.50 to $ 11 -LRB- Whole Foods , where else ? -RRB- . Best price and so delicious . After months of stomach and back pain , useless M.D. visits and prescriptions , it turns out there 's something in chlorophyll that soothes the stomach .
 A friend and I tried this on a quest for better breath , and it works ! We were both impressed . I recommend it to anyone who has concerns that their breath is not fresh when they have not eaten recently .
 This is a great product . It really helps to bring the iron level up . And the flavor is n't bad either .
 This is one of the best products to keep your body chemistry balanced & alkalized . It really helps when you feel a cold coming on .
 This product helps me greatly in combating odors associated with bile acid problems . I found that the right dosage for me was 1 twice a day .
 I 'm very satisfied with product and arrival time . Will be ordering from you again.My partner and my two daughters started using it to . Four happy customers . Thanks
 Aside from these not actually being softgels , the product seems to work fine and does n't taste offensive . It will make your tongue green until you brush your teeth .
 I have been taking chlorophyll for years to help alkalize my body chemistry ... i found this product easy to take and the best for my needs . I had been buying this brand locally at health food stores for much more - pleased to find this on amazon for less and it 's great to have an auto ship option so I do n't forget to keep it on hand .
 Read alot of information about blood pressure -- taking this with vitamin C helped lower my blood pressure by 15-20 points ! I 've been using these for about 6 months now -- wife only notices garlic breath every now and then . Usually if I take it too late in the day -LRB- vs taking in the morning -RRB-
 The pills smell like garlic , but I have n't experienced any garlic smells or after tastes after taking the supplement . The pills punch through the blister pack very easily and I assume that keeps them fresher than if they were in a bottle . You only need to take one pill once a day . It 's a very convenient way to take a garlic supplement .
 Big Garlic fan here Old time Vampires would hate me I eat so much.This is a way to get your Garlic without having to eat it too.Easy just take a tablet no smell or fuss that simple .
 this supplement is exactly what it says it is - you do n't smell like garlic after you take them and they go down quickly
 Yes , no odor goes a long way when it comes to garlic . This is a good product and has a good price .
 These are very highly rated in most reviews ... and ... it is that good . It 's potent , but you do n't get any garlic breath . Each tablet is sealed to keep in the freshness . I DEFINITELY remmoend this .
 I like it very much . There is only ONE thing I do not like about it . I do not like the odor of a pill that comes right out of the package . I though these were supposed to release the odor only after reaching the stomach where the &#34; enteric &#34; coaing was dissolved . Many times I find it hard to keep from wretching due to the strong odor when swallowing a pill
 Easy to swallow . The pills have a strong garlic oder , but my wife has n't noticed me smelling like garlic . Blister packed so that each pill stays fresh .
 This product works better , by far , than other garlic supplements . It is effective in lowering blood pressure and does not cause any taste or odor when taken or afterward .
 A long time ago , I had taken garlic supplements but I got some pretty fierce heartburn from it.Recently I had a lingering cold that I just could not shake . A friend of mine is into whole food health so I asked him about natural anti-biotics . Garlic , he says , is that and a lot more including some anti-histamine like qualities -LRB- I was sniffling a lot -RRB- . The health food store owner recommended this brand because of the enteric coating.Amazing ! Killed my lingering cold and all symptoms . I felt great . No heartburn . No garlic smell after taking the pill.I do n't take it every day , that is true . However , we currently have the plague sweeping through the office and so far I have been able to stay away from it - I think it is this supplement that is making the difference.Darin
 My cholesterol dropped 50 points , and my blood pressure went from pre-hypertensive to completely normal within four months so I 'm a believer . I was anyway , but my wife did n't care for the garlic breath . Garlinase is odorless ! Trust me ! Amazon always has it at the best price , too .
 We use Garlinase all the time ! I recommend it to everone when they are sick . My friends husband used to get bronchitis continuously , now that he takes Garlinase daily he does n't get it ... . also kills stomach virus ' too ! we keep it on hand at all times ... I sent it to college with my boys , they would give it to their friends when sick . . and my boys avoided all the bugs going around !
 I had been battling a terrible skin yeast rash that would not go away for over a month . The topical anti-fungal creams were doing a good job , but the rash would pop up in different places , all over my body.It seemed like an endless battle.My doctor gave me an oral prescription of Diflucan -LRB- powerful anti-fungal -RRB- that I took for weeks to no avail.Read how Allicin , what this product is made of kills fungus . I took about 10 of these Garlinase pills per day ... 2 in the morning , 2 in early afternoon , 2 in late afternoon . . etc. I saw improvement within 2 days . After a week of taking Garlinase -LRB- 10 pills/day -RRB- , the rash was completely gone.I highly recommend this Garlic supplement .
 I have used Garlinase for years . It is really good for the heart by thinning the blood a little
 These are the best garlic tablets I 've tried . I know how good garlic is for me but do n't want to smell like it at the office . So these are a great choice . Easy to swallow and no garlic taste afterwards .
 A couple of weeks ago my doctor told me she wants me on an anti-inflammatory diet . So I have been doing a bunch of research trying to find anti-inflammatory foods . The best one I have found so far is garlic . The problem is that my husband is not wild about garlic and hates the smell in the house . I have even gone outside to chop it but of course then I have to bring it in . I hate the smell of bacon in the house so I really sympathize . Anyway , the research I have done says that in order to reap the benefits of raw garlic , a garlic supplement must have the garlic smell . This sure does ! Each pill is sealed in a plastic bubble with a foil back so you ca n't smell it until you pierce the foil but once you do , oh boy , garlic ! Then there is the problem of burping garlic , I sure do n't want that if I ever expect my sweet hubby to kiss me again :--RRB- . These are enteric coated so they do n't start digesting until they hit your intestines . I took my first pill last night . It smelled so garlicy I was worried I would n't be able to put it in my mouth but I did and swallowed it down and that was it . No upset stomach , no burping garlic , no garlic breath , perfect ! Now , everyone says that garlic is this amazing food that will do all kinds of good stuff for you but I do n't know if those things are really measurable from a lay person 's standpoint . But I 'm going with the research and using this product , I figure it sure ca n't hurt .
 Most garlic supplements are `` aged '' and thus have the most important beneficial compound removed - allicin . These pills are individually blister-packed because they actually smell like garlic ! I was a bit concerned about the dreaded garlic burps , but thankfully have never experienced them with this product . One per day is all you need .
 Prevention is by far the best cure . This supplement is a gem and worth its weight in gold in my opinion . There 's only a smell of garlic when you first open a packet to take a pill but once you ingest it there is no odor or aftertaste . You will not be burping up garlic or have garlic breath while using it . It 's one pill a day and you do n't really feel any different while taking it but it definitely is doing its job internally . My blood pressure used to consistently be in the 120-130/83 -87 range so normal , but after a month of taking this supplement , about 30 pills my blood pressure lowered to the 96-110/69 -74 range and has been this way consistently for over a year now . Missing a day or two should not alter the supplements effectiveness , however taking more than 2 pills a day can cause huge drops in blood pressure if it 's usually or in the normal range of the 120s/80s . It 's also a bit of a blood thinner too so you may notice cuts taking a bit more seconds to heal if you 've been taking these pills for awhile but it does not lead to any type of spontaneous bleeding , if anything the nutrients in garlic actually act as a protective barrier for your digestive system , which is why garlic itself is so highly touted as being effective in the prevention of colon cancer . I 've got my entire family taking this stuff now cause it works . My father who is in his 70s and on blood pressure medication has added these to his diet too and his pressure does not go over 135/82 now , whereas when he was only taking the blood pressure medication alone sometimes his pressure would be unstable and end up in the 158/108 range . I ca n't say if it does anything for cholesterol levels but as an anti-hypertensive this is a must and there are no real drawbacks to using it .
 This is the garlic pill to take when you 're having a MRSA outbreak . The Allicin is what kills the MRSA naturally!And it also helps you with your cholesterol & blood pressure!I take it everyday for my MRSA & cholesterol & blood pressure.I 've had MRSA since 2005 , and started the garlic in fall 2007 & I still take it everyday ! It helps & works !
 Once you have a spool of this crap , you 'll be surprised at the uses you find for it . For instance , I 've found that I can do an impressive number of resistance exercise movements using multiple lengths of this tubing -LRB- multiple lengths because I am a mighty mighty man . Your mileage may vary . -RRB-
 I have been using Emergen-C for years now and have tried other flavors but have been coming back to orange as my favorite . It is easy and quick to take and taste good as well.I will drink Emergen-C along with your classic immune boosters whenever I feel a sickness coming on - Good N ' Natural Olive Leaf Extract + FREE Echinacea Goldenseal Drops -LRB- Alcohol Free - 1 oz . -RRB- . I 've been following this routine in recent years and for the most part , it keeps me from getting sick when it gets cold outside.I know not everyone like the taste of the Emergen-C but for me personally , I love it , and if it can boost my immune system get my body some extra vitamin C , then I 'm all for it .
 No one else has said it ; and I do so with hesitation but ... this product is great for the occasional symptoms that result from a night of overindulgence . I take two of these a day regardless , but one morning , after a party , I discovered that it really helps get rid of hangovers -LRB- or at least makes them more tolerable -RRB- . It replaces a lot of the good stuff that you lose when you drink alcohol -LRB- vitamins , electrolytes , etc. -RRB- I certainly do n't suggest relying on it for this reason , and do not endorse binge drinking , but if you find yourself feeling groggy , achy , and sort of empty from having a bit too much of the wrong kind of fun this will help get you through the day .
 This product is simple to use . Just pour a pack into a cup add water and you are done . With only 20 calories , 5 grams of sugar , and approx 28 cents per cup before freight cost -LRB- with FRT approx 42 cents -RRB- , it is a great liquid alternative . I have noticed that it is an energy booster for a very busy lifestyle .
 I love Emergen-C , Super Orange flavor ! It is a very mild orange flavor - not fake tasting and not too sweet . I originally bought this for combating what I thought was a cold , but religiously drink this every day -LRB- up to 2X as the label suggests -RRB- , simply because I like the taste ! I find myself reaching for a glass of this when I 'm craving something like juice ... and most juices have splenda/other artificial sweeteners and many many empty calories , so this is a much better trade off ! I was reluctant at first to try this , because I grew up with a mother who religiously drank Metamucil in the morning - just the thought of her mixing it up makes me gag . But this has a lovely smell and completely dissolves in water . Not grainy and no Metamucil flashbacks : -RRB-
 i 've had this product for only 5 days now but i must say that this drink is a wonder drink like i 've never experienced before . the near instant boost of energy and boost ofmental concentration is very obvious and a real blessing . and it contains many important vitamins such as vitamin c for good health too . in addition it 's loaded with lots ofvitamin c which is great for a healthy body and is also great for increasing collagan which is the key to looking younger . finally , this drink tastes great and i 'm glad idiscovered this product by luck . i love this product and i 'm already wondering how i ever did without it .
 I started taking Emergen C close to a year ago . It was the Christmas holidays and I was sick with a terrible cough and cold . I had family come in for the holidays and I had to do my best to keep my distance from everyone . Could n't even hold my brother 's new grandbaby!My brother pulled a packet of Emergen C out of his pocket and told me to give it a try . He had been taking them for quick some time and said he was healthier than he had been in years.So I took it and picked up a box for myself and have been taking them ever since . I only take one packet a day -LRB- in the morning -RRB- unless I get that feeling that I might be coming down with something ... then I will double up for a few days . It really does work!There are quite a few flavors available but I like the Super Orange the best .
 This product works wonders for colds ! Our family uses it to nip most colds in the bud . It truly works as a energy builder . The value is also in the munder of packs per carton . A better buy on Amazon than local stores . I continue to search Amazon for deals on this product . Highly recommended product .
 Emergen-C has helped prevent a lot of having to call out sick ! Drinking this before bed works best for me .
 It is really easy getting this by mail.My husband has arthritis in his knee and this product helps relieve him of the swelling of his joints .
 I got to say , emergen c orange does n't taste too bad , and sometimes when i drink it , it makes me very relaxed . I do n't really know how much of an effect it has on any illness , but its worth a shot . It really does n't have any side effects from what I saw . If you 're someone that drinks alcohol , smokes and chugs caffeine , do n't even waste your money on this or any vitamin supplement .
 Sent this to my son at college . He drinks this whenever he starts to feel a cold coming on . When he ran out he asked me to order him more so that is teh best recommendation I could ask for . Easy to use juts mix into a bottle or glass of water .
 I place a box of this in my husband 's tennis bag every month -- WAY more effective than plain old Gatorade , etc. , and has almost completely stopped his problems with leg cramping during tournaments . Have a hangover ? I 've got the cure - drink 1-2 Emergen-C 's and a couple of ibuprofen - voila ! You will be feeling better in no time ! Wonderful for flu & cold season too . Buy this stuff - you wo n't be sorry .
 The liquid is better absorbed than a pill and handy for travel . The taste is not bad either . Great for cold and ` flu season .
 I love this product . I drink it every morning as soon as I wake up . I used to take it only when I felt a cold coming on . Since I have been taking it every day I ca n't remember the last time that I had a cold .
 The box does n't look like the one that is pictured ... . albeit the product is excellent . The taste however could be more Tang like . It 's a good preventative to drink during the flu season . I highly recommend it .
 Start taking this stuff a few times a day at the onset of the flu and it will be over with in no time !
 WAY more Vitamin C than your body can ever use , however it tastes good . I 'd recommend this product for sure .
 Each packet contains 5 grams of sugar so I dontmake this a daily habit even though it 's so tempting.The fizz and genuine orange taste are refreshing andit 's a healthier alternative to orange soda . It doescontain quercetin -LRB- component of real vitamin C -RRB- but no tannins so I 'm not 100 % sure about the efficacy.Nevertheless I highly recommend this as researchshows 100 mg of vitamin C daily reduces lung cancerrisk .
 I 'm a vitamin C believer and try a lot of kinds . A friend recommended this , so I tried it . It 's really easy to drink and as far as I can tell , it works . When i feel a cold coming on , or feel worn down , it seems to perk me up . Of course it 's very subjective , but I now drink one every day . I prefer it to tablets , because it seems more &#34; real &#34; and I get a refreshing drink at the same time .
 This is probably my 20th box of Emergen-C . It tastes good and is loaded with Vitamin C and other vitamins . It gets a little rank if it sits too long in a cup and can stain cups , straws , etc so drink it fast and rinse . Not sure if it has saved me from colds , but I take it anyway b/c I do n't know what else to do to fight those invisible invaders .
 I love this Emergen-C Super Orange , 30-countEmergen-C , this brand has nice flavors , I used to buy them all the time , now it 's time to purchase them again .
 I was recently struck with a nasty winter flu , fever and all . All I drank was emergen-C , water and cranberry juice . I was back on my feet in two days .
 Order was completed in great timeleness . Very happy with the Orange.Will be ordering more as needed.Thanks for your help .
 Took a little while to come i have but its expectes with and APO address . If you take right when you start to notice abcold coming on and get some rest it will really help out .
 I 've tried several different flavors of Emergen-C . They all taste great when mixed with 4-6 ounces -LRB- the average glass of water is about 8 ounces -RRB- of water as per the manufacturers instructions given on the box . At 20 calories per serving , the Emergen-C Super Orange , 30-Count Packets tastes great , dissolves almost completely and goes down smoothly , with no medicine taste or bitter after taste . Each packet gives you 1000mg Vitamin C , 24 Nutrients with Antioxidants , Electrolytes and 7 B Vitamins.Please rate this review if you found it helpful .
 I take emergen-C as soon as I get some symptoms that are precursors to flu , cold , cough etc. . Based on anecdotal evidence in my family , I feel emergen-C is indeed very effective in putting a stop to flu and cold in the early stage . However , you do need to take other reasonable measures at the same time to make effective use of it , like rest well , drink enough water etc. . I keep a couple of boxes of this at home at all time . It 's well worth the money .
 Very tart orange flavor -LRB- depending on how much you dilute it , obviously -RRB- . Like a strong , fizzy , orange juice.Just add cold water .
 I was introduced to Emergen-C in 2001 and have used it since . It 's a great burst of Vitamin C. Just open the packet and add to water . It fizzes up and then you drink it . When I have a cold -LRB- or even when I feel one coming on -RRB- I use it and feel a burst of pep shortly thereafter . I take it along when I travel too . I find it more economical to get at Wal-mart or Trader Joe 's but if you do n't have one nearby it 's still a decent price online .
 A good supplement to take for electrolytes and vitamin C , maybe gives your immune system an extra boost . i like the other flavors better though .
 This was indeed my first vibrator . At first , it gave great service
 This was indeed my first vibrator -LRB- the Innocent White version -RRB- . At first , it gave great service
 All too often , when I go to bed , I woulddevelope a sensation of something being inmy throat , having to swallow often tryingto relieve the feeling . I searched for agargle product to help alleviate this situ-ation . I came upon a new product called ChlorasepticSalt Water Gargle . I tried it the night itarrived in the mail , and have been using itever since . It tends to fizz when you startto gargle . I usually spit it out and do itonce more . I presume it 's the nature of thesolution . For those who tend to experiencethe same problem I had , I recommend this gar-gle solution to you .
 I use these rollers to remove hair not only from my furniture , but I also `` roll '' my two cats to get the excess hair off them , they love it !
 Product is true to form . Great buy to purchase this in bulk vice individual at the local retail store . Our family uses this product to counter the effects of having a dog and works great around the house . Shipping was fast and free through PRIME .
 I have3M Scotch Pet Hair Roller Refill , 70-Sheet -LRB- 839RF-70 -RRB- 2 Ragdoll cats that live mostly indoors . The result is they do shed hair . I have been using these rollers for about 7 years since I bought my cats and they are the only thing that work on clothes well . I bought some from here in bulk and got a great buy with prompt service . Excellent ! Thank you .
 I bought this to use since I have dogs . The rolls last a long time . Great product , would recommend for anyone who wears clothing regularly .
 Good and sticky , but a little thin for good tearing . Easy to replace and great for cat hair pick up .
 This is real value for money . The Scotch lint rollers are much better than most I have tried previously especially for pet hair .
 We have a cat so we go through lint rolls a lot and was tired of buying them . When we were at Target we were going to buy more and they were selling for $ 4.99 per refill roll . How obnoxious ! I was n't going to pay that ! We looked around and this was the best price for refills . Now we are stocked for several months and only paid around $ 2.25 per roll .
 Of the pack of 12 lint roller refills -LRB- which I love -RRB- 3 of them were defective in that they would stick to the inside of the actual roller and was hell getting off . That ruined the refill use and one of my rollers as well . I did , however , contact the Scotch company and they replaced these refills . They sent me a box to send the defective ones back . I am now a afraid to order these in bulk again . May or may not . But I do love the way they remove cat hair .
 Like some of the other reviewers I use these lint-remover refills daily to remove loose fur from my family 's cats and dogs . They do n't mind my rolling the item lightly over their fur , and since the fur adheres to the roller , it does not float through the house where it could reestablish itself in the food and on the furniture . A dozen of these refills are very reasonably priced here at Amazon . Highly recommended .
 Getting ready to make a second purchase of these - I have multiple dogs and cats and ca n't get out of the house without pet hair on my slacks.I 've happily used these for years - easy to unroll , works well on hair , etc.Fits 3M handles -LRB- not included -RRB-
 I have spent several years getting discount no name brand lint rollers and struggling with tearing off the sheets . Each sheet tears easy with 3M and is an easy roll . Name brand counts with lint rollers and I highly recommend this .
 Buying lint rollers by the dozen from Amazon is the absolutely most cost effective way to get them ! My 87 year old mother uses them instead of the vacuum cleaner to handle real and imagined spots on the rug . This is helpful because she is too weak to push a vacuum cleaner around , .
 ... just want to ensure folks know that this product comes in a carton of 12 , but no handles are included . Not a problem of course , just did n't find that in description .
 Well worth the money ! Since the glass ball is not attatched to the base , needs SOME care in handling , but nothing abnormal . Very good quality glass ball , not cheap or easily breakable - can be used alone as paperweight . Use of glass rather than cheap plastic ball makes for a much better quality light show and more sophisticated ambience . Sound quality is very good when fresh batteries installed.GREAT array of color effects , makes good nightlight , relaxer or party light . Very good in place of candles if in dorm .
 My boyfriend and I use this for our 3 year old who has sleep issues . We have used it everyday for about a year , and it has held up well . The base can be powered by plugging it into the wall or by batteries -- which was a life saver for us when we took it camping and our son could have his familiar sounds . The Glass ball is heavy but we tough our kid to not handle it and defiantly no trowing it!The volume to this can be set very low , OR loud -LRB- we can hear it in the other rooms of the house -RRB- also the light work great , it projects great colours on the walls and ceiling -LRB- depending on how you have it positioned -RRB- . Recently we have painted our sons ceiling a midnight textured sky blue and was very surprised and pleased that the lights still projected so well on it .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this product . My lady was hesitant to try it out at first but now whenever we even start to get intimate she goes straight for the little bottle.The only reason I remembered to write a review is because I 'm logging on to buy more!I highly reccomend it !
 Awesome in water , the best . Amazing lubricant that stays on and does not wear off.This is a must buy . Completely different than the usual over the counter brand .
 This stays `` wet '' forever . This is my first silicone based lubricant and I love it . It NEVER dries and is slick but still lets a ton of sensation through . I would recommend .
 I absolutely love this product . There is no other like it . It is long lasting and feels wonderful . It is even great for use in water . Plus , it makes for a great massage oil . I suggest this to everyone in need of a good lube .
 My daughter loves this toothbrush and has learnt that it takes two minutes for the song to stop which is how long she should be brushing her teeth for . This is the best because she wants to brush her teeth for the full time and actually enjoys brushing her teeth now .
 My daughter is 7 and hates to brush her teeth but I only have to ask her once now and she brushes through the entire song . I 'm thankful for a product that will help my daughter to learn how long she should be brushing and that allows her to enjoy herself while she 's doing it .
 A great way to make sure your child is brushing longer enough by listening to the music to end
 My granddaughter , 7 years of age , is an avid fan of Hannah Montana . Having Hannah singing to her while she brushes is so cool .
 LOL ! I HAD to buy this for my 10-year-old friend , a real Hannah Montana fan ! Getting her to brush longer is a bonus . Have n't had it long enough to see the endurance .
 After sucking out all of the boogers , my baby is screaming and squirming like crazy . Trying to get the drops into her nose afterward is really challenging . But when we can get it up her nose , it works great .
 I picked a box of this up several years ago when my 3 yr old had a terrible cold and was up night after night crying b/c her nose was too stuffy . Coughing so badly from post nasal drip she would cause herself to vomit . I was aprehensive at first using a spray decongestant on a young child ... I know first hand how quickly you can become addicted to OTC nasal sprays unfortunatly . She absolutly hated the application of this stuff , but begged me to do the other side once she reazlied it actually worked.A year later , I was pregnant and got a terrible miserable cold and had nothing on hand , so I tried these drops and to my surprise they actually worked . Now , I know you should n't use things like this w/o consulting your OB to be sure , but I was desperate and close to the end of my pregnancy . If it could unplug my nose in a few minutes I 'm sure it can quickly help a child.We have moved a few times since then and we lost the bottle or threw it out and now my oldest has a terrible cold keeping her up crying at night , nothing else is helping . She begged me for the nasal drops that worked , but I can not find them in any stores around here anymore . Figured they were pulled from the shelves . I was so happy to see them on here , I know by the time they come , she will be hopefully over this cold , but I can keep them on hand for an emergency situation in the future .
 I try not to use anything if I do n't have to . That being said , I have a 21/2 year old and when they have a stuffy head and it 's draining and they are not getting any sleep because they are coughing , this stuff is excellent!For his age , two drops in each side and I kid you not , about 10/20 minutes later he is not coughing any more and is sound asleep ! This allows him to get the much needed rest that is so helpful to getting better faster.I usually use this with a warm air humidifier.In general , I just love all the Little Noses products .
 My 6 year son has frequent nose bleeds . As soon as he starts bleeding , I drop 2 drops in the affected nostril . The bleeding stops within seconds . He will start bleeding after about fifteen minutes in the sun without fail . To prevent that I put one drop in each nostril before heading outside and he does not get a bleed on the days I remember to do that . I have been using this for the last three years . It was the only option after 4 failed cordorizations and I am very satisfied .
 Okay so i purchased this for all my 3 kids ages 6,4,2 i tried it first on my 6 year old who could not breath at night due to a cold , 2 drops in each nostril he blew his nose with boogie wipes and he was asleep within seconds breathing through his nose , iv used it then on my 4 and 2 year old , the 2 year old i will do one drop in each nostril and you really need to do this once i have found once works for us through the night so yesterday my 2 month old had a stuffy nose and nothing was helping him , he is a breast fed baby and would not drink one drop of this on each nostril and he was drinking and fell asleep through the night which he never does im guessing because he could ` nt sleep he slept more , i know it says to ask a doctor for the ages of 2 and below however with any medication i am very careful , we dont vaccinate nor give over the counter meds we do more homeopathic caring when someone is sick but this has been a blessing so be careful thats all i can say it works!UPDATE ... WARNING !!!!!! , i posted good feedback on this product yesterday it only took a day to realize that even though i used it on my 2 month old baby and it clearly states on the box NOT FOR UNDER 2 YEARS OF AGE UNLESS CONSULTING A DOCTOR , i used it on my 2 month old 12lbs baby anyway , one drop in each nostril cleared his nose and he was asleep in no time HOWEVER that was at about 3 am and all day the baby slept more than usual he would `` nt even nose and most of the day i was full ! , i and my husband thought perhaps because he did ` nt sleep right the night before he was catching up or as i thought perhaps he is changing his sleeping pattern , last night and throughout out the am his little nose became stuffy again but this time i just kept putting saline spray and removing the phlem from his nose with nosefrida which is the best ! , this morning and after noon he is back to his normal self of being up for most of the day and nursing and he did ` nt even sleep that well last night , i have concluded that this product may have made him sleepy as it does state that will be one of the effects of this nasal decongestion.So BEAWARE ! and i only used it once , one drop in each nostril , i would not do more than that and will only use this if really need to where he really cant breathe or is not eating at all due to as stuffy nose but not after the saline spray and nosefrida , also keep this separated from the saline spray from the same brand as they both look similar in packaging except that this product is shorter in size , this morning i told my husband to give me the saline spray and he grabbed this one , the lights were dim just when i was about to spray is when i noticed it was not the saline spray , thank God i looked before spraying!Baby only seems congested at night through out the day he is fine , i am also placing drops of breast milk into his nose it seems to work just as well as the saline ...
 I love this stuff because it works great for my kids and now when ever they are sick I will use this : -RRB-
 My doctor reccomended I get these drops when my daughter was little and got a cold . I have been using these for over 2 years every times she gets a cold . I jut put one or two drops in her nostrils twice a day and my baby is able to breathe better and does n't sound so stuffy .
 I have purchsed these drops in the past and had to order them again because they really help clear his nose up before bed time and during the day . I use them on ` as needed ' basis . My son has been using these drops since he was about 3 years old and I would not stop until I am able to find a better product or he is old enough to use stronger solution to help with the stuffiness.I tried a lot of other products on the market trying to find the best one to help him breathe easy through the night and get a good-night sleep with little success until I found these drops . You can not find them in the stores , at least I could n't and I looked just about everywhere .
 My father does not like the strong taste of Hall 's and I also use Ricola being a voiceover artist . So this value pack was perfect !
 Very pleasant taste and they actually seemed to help reduce the coughing . Would love to get them in a 3 or 6 pack and not 12 that will last 5 years . ;--RRB- These will be my new default cough drops .
 I have been using Ricola Honey Lemon Echinacea drops for many years . I have found it to be the best throat drops when a cold , sinus , or fever related problems arise . And it tastes good!Unfortunately , I can not find the Honey Lemon Echinacea kind locally any more , and see that Ricola 's web site no longer lists them as one of their products . So I bought this pack of 12 via Amazon to stock up . I hope that Ricola makes it again .
 No animal byproducts used to make the pills , all ingredients come from a good natural source , I love Solgar products ! This is a good multi vit - and iron free cuz i 'm a male .
 I 've been taking Solgar supplements exlusivley since 1992 . I trust them whole heartedly . This product , along with a host of others , has shined way above their competition .
 I am not a mom but am a veterinary student and I love using this thermometer on our patients . The thermometer is very fast , is accurate compared to our hospital 's regular digital thermometers and the flex tip is great for both wiggly animals and I 'm sure for their comfort . I hate using any other thermometer now .
 seems mostly accurate - times to a temp are longer than advertised , but temps are consistent . probably not hospital quality , but definitely is n't hospital price . no regrets with purchase .
 We have had this thermometer for 2 years and it is consistent and has worked well the entire time . No problems . Easy for kids to read too .
 Let me start by saying that my Vicks Comfortflex does n't look like the one above . Maybe mine is an updated version . The top is more round and the push button is beneath the lcd screen . So maybe they 've made improvements . Mine works great ! I have gone through 5 , yes FIVE thermometers in a week before finding this one . Two were under the tongue , three were in the ear . NONE of them were reliable or accurate . Finally I found an article on the web recommending this one and I was skeptical because it was so inexpensive . But I tried it and it worked great , consistently . My daughter 's temperature was 104.5 when her old thermometer was reading 99.8 . This one sounded an alarm and turned red ! -LRB- and I know it was accurate because we promptly took her to the hospital , where they checked it and got a temperature that was just a couple of tenths lower -RRB- I 've been using it to monitor her temperature ever since and it 's been consistently accurate . And what 's also great is that it takes exactly 8 seconds -LRB- you can time it -RRB- for the reading . And as an unexpected plus , my six year old daughter loves the light up screen . She 'll ask , `` Is it green yet ?? '' She gets so excited . I ca n't say enough good things about this thermometer . I am soooo happy we found it !
 The shop towels were delivered quickly and in great order . The recipient said they were excellent for using in his shop on his car and bike .
 I am not a mother , but am a vet student and use this thermometer to get fast , accurate rectal temperatures on cats and dogs . I imagine that a mad cat and a baby would equally apprecaite this product . I have double checked the readings I get against the standard ones our hospital uses and the readings have been within 0.1 degrees ; so I consider it pretty accurate .
 I purchased this thermometer a couple of months back , and the first time I used it on my baby , it was LIGHTNING FAST , ... so fast , I did n't believe it . I do n't even think my baby knew he had a rectal thermometer used on him ! I would recommend this to all new parents for it 's speed and ease of use .
 This product has helped with my two younger brother 's health tremendously . As a much older sister I had the task of watching them on a regular basis . Keeping the occasional fever under control was easy with this fabulous product . Now that I am having my first little boy , there is no doubt that I am registering for my own . I do n't see how I could get by without it !
 This Thermometer is fast and really easy to use . I have 8 month old daughter . And with this Thermometer I can take her rectal temperature without any problems . Yes , it can show different temperature if you will use it few times in a row . Just allow some time to cool down . Then it will be more accurate . If it shows lower teperature , then you expect , most probably you did n't put it in correctly . I 'm more then satisfied with this product . And the price is more then affordable .
 The large LCD is great . The user 's guide uses the smallest print known to man and I can not figure out how to change the battery . An online user guide would be nice .
 This thermometer is accurate and easy . Most importantly it is fast . I have one for my two year old boy and I bought this after trying other thermometers . This was by far , the best one . I could n't believe how fast it took his temp . Many other digital rectal thermometers take a minute . I highly recommend this over an ear thermometer , etc
 This thermometer is easily 4x faster than the one the hospital gave us to take home . And just as accurate .
 The large LCD is great . The user 's guide uses the smallest print known to man and I can not figure out how to change the battery . An online user guide would be nice .
 I have been through 3 other digital thermometers that claim to be fast reliable and accurate . This is the only one that truly meets those qualifications - and Mom 's need that in a pinch when there child is showing signs of a fever . It truly takes 10 seconds or less ! I tried the Bd Digital Thermometer and it took SUPER long , not good for children and even too long for myself -LRB- 11/2 - 2 minutes at least -RRB- . The Vicks also has smooth , firm tip so its great for anal use on babies . Thank you Vicks !
 I was shocked to see that other people have had such bad experiences with this thermometer . My husband went out and bought 4 different thermometers including this one because we have four kids and our thermometers seem to always be missing when we need them . This thermometer reads the fastest and it 's got a color coding system so if the temperature is normal it shows green , if it 's a low fever it 's yellow and if it 's a high fever it shows red . I love this ! Plus the numbers are big and easy to read . This is the thermometer I always look for now when my kids are sick .
 We have used this for years with our children , all who have constipation issues despite a good , high-fiber diet . We do mix it with chocolate milk and they never have noticed . We just give a box or cup of milk with the dose in it .
 These drops are natural and definitely worth the money . Have used it for 2 of my children and so thankful !
 This has been prescribed to us , after years of constipation . The gastro dr finally realized that my son is having muscle confusion problems . He still takes two caps of miralax a day and then one dropper of this . He is finally regular !!! Yay!I think this stuff smells terrible and it stains my sons teeth and tongue ... Yuk ... But he loves it . He says it tastes like chocolate rootbeer . Lol ... He looks forward to it every day . .
 My four-year-old struggles with BMs and after working with a gastro doctor to try plenty of medicines , we have found that Little Tummies Laxative works the best . After looking at it and smelling it , I do n't even think I want to try giving this to him straight , so we mix it in with some juice or chocolate milk and it works wonders . We do n't even need to mix it with a lot of juice or milk , just enough to help dull what seems like an iffy tasting medicine . But it has been the only thing to keep him regular .
 This is not a laxative to use casually , but when your child is having clinical constipation it works very well . Unlike a stool softener , this laxative will loosen the stool but also help your child ` push ' it out . I agree with a previous review that if possible , use diet changes such as increased fruit and fruit juices -- or decreased dairy , bananas , apples , white bread and potatoes -- before relying on a laxative . Though when diet changes alone do n't work , this can be used and it is very effective . Do not overuse unless a doctor recommends because your child can become dependent on it if used for a long period of time .
 My 5 yr old was bound up for several days . I tried another product , a chewable tablet which did not work . I asked a pharmacist for a suggestion and she told me to try this . It worked within just a few hours . The taste is not the best , but that can be overlooked since it worked so quickly .
 I 've been using nothing but electric shavers for three decades and have found Panasonic to make the best on the market . Other name brands of shavers would barely work for a year ; each new model of Panasonic I have purchased has kept running longer than the previous one , the last one having survived for around three years . -LRB- And this despite having been dropped repeatedly on concrete . -RRB- I must note though , the last two linear Panasonics I have owned charged through induction
 I have used Remington , Philips and Braun in the past . The ES8163 is the most powerful of the lot . Works well wet and dry . The power cord plugs directly into the razor and it charges fully in an hour . I get 9 to 11 shaves per charge . Cleans easily , shaves closely , what more can one want . Operates on both 120V and 240V .
 This is the best shaver I 've ever owned . I have owned many different brands and this one beats them all , hands down . The cutter block lasts a long time , unlike high priced brands . This shaver will not chafe your face like others . I have a very coarse beard and soft skin and this shaver works wonderfully . It shaves very close , closer than any other electric shaver without irritation . It 's waterproof so you can rinse it each time you shave , in about 5 seconds , so it stays clean and does n't get clogged up . If you do n't clean it every time you shave it tells you on the display when it 's time to clean it . I highly recommend this shaver to anyone .
 I purchased the Panasonic ES8163 after reading every review on the internet that I could find , I spent days reading reviews . I purchased the Panasonic ES8163 -LRB- Factory Refurbished -RRB- from -LSB- ... -RSB- through Amazon.com . At first I was hesitant about purchasing a refurbished product , but after the product arrived my mind was at ease .1 . The shaver arrived in a well packed brown cardboard box , inside was the shaver , vinyl case , power supply and reproduced pages from manual . The shaver is Brand New , they use a new shaver head , blades and foil , and the replacement battery section . So infact the only difference between this and one from a department store is the original instructions and packaging .2 . Ok , so it is not the latest model , but for the price it is a steal , and I challenge any shaver except later model Panasonic to cut closer without irritation , and I have been a top of the line philishave user for years . Never again .3 . I was so impressed with it , I talked my father who is in his late 70s to buy one , and he told me it is the closest shave he has ever had from a electric shaver in his entire life -LRB- he used dry without anything -RRB- , and he has owned remingtons , Brauns , and lately Philishave . Never again .4 . I am in Australia and delivered the unit was about A$ 130 - A$ 140 depending on exchange rate , versus the latest model which retails for about A$ 469 . The later model has 4 cutters instead of 3 and a cleaning unit stand that auto cleans and sanitises . All you have to do is wash it under tap with a bit of soft soap at cleaning setting which automatically shuts off after 20 seconds and your done . This saves the $ 15 monthly cleaning tablet , and electricity used to autoclean in stand . -LRB- Greener Alternative -RRB- . My advice is buy whilst you can still get them.As for Amazon.com and -LSB- ... -RSB- ca n't fault the service A1 .
 My friend Lisa , who runs a health food store , gave me some of this product when I was having digestive track problems brought on by a very powerful antibiotic . It brought things back under control . It has to be kept refrigerated , but is handy to have around . You have to take it several hours after the antibiotic , to let the antibiotic clear through your system . Preferably , take it before a meal . Mixed with room temperature water , it has no particular taste -LRB- you can also get it in capsule form -RRB- . It is well worth the price to avoid the usual side effect of an antibiotic .
 I have normal/combination skin that can be slightly oily on my forehead but I have major blackheads and bumpies around my hair line . I bought this Microderm. , Acne cream without the resurfacing tool after reading bad review 's that the tool broke right away . It worked GREAT with just using a pea size amount on the tips of my fingers and rubbing it in my face and neck for about 2 minutes . I had noticeably smoother skin to the touch and I could see a difference in how even my skin tone was after the first use . The blackheads are still there but have faded . I had slightly dry skin around my chin area after the first couple uses . The directions say to use ever other day but I only use about twice a week to avoid dryness .
 When I started using this product I was finally able to stop using prescription acne medication . I use it 2x/week .
 Like most people of my generation , when I was young , a cough drop meant one of two possible brands . First choice was always Smith Brothers , with the famous logo of two Lincolnesque men in silhouette facing each other - appearing VERY professional and medicinal and , were they not available , Ludens . Both brands are still available and as was the case years ago , they still contain absolutely nothing that will sooth a sore throat any better than the hard cherry flavor candy that they are.These days , we have better choices . For some , the largely placebo impact of Smith Brothers or Ludens along with the fact that sucking on a hard candy actually DOES provide some short-term relieve to sore throats by coating the throat with the syrup created by the candy dissolving in your mouth . For others , the newer version of non-medicinal throat lozenges are the Vitamin C Drops available at drug stored made by both major brands -LRB- Vicks , for example -RRB- and Store Brands -LRB- Longs , Walgreens , etc. -RRB- Like the cough drops of my childhood , these provide , essentially , the dissolved sugar coating along with an added dos of Vitamin C - regarded by many to be helpful in helping a cold run it 's course more quickly . -LRB- Thank you , Linus Pauling ! -RRB- There is , however , another choice available OTC -LRB- Over The Counter , i.e. , without prescription -RRB- , and these are a type of throat lozenge that actually contains some amount of local anesthetic -LRB- most often , benzocaine -RRB- which actually numbs the inside of your throat for a while , actually relieving the soreness for a period of time . -RRB- The two most common brands are Cepacol and Chloraseptic . Both contain two ` active ' ingredients -LRB- Smith Brothers and Ludens contain none -RRB- , Menthol , a standard slightly numbing ingredient , and benzocaine , a topical anesthetic related to the Zylocaine -LRB- Novocaine -RRB- used by your dentist to numb your mouth against the likelihood of pain during a dental procedure . The differences in the two brands are the amount of Benzocaine . Chlorospeptics have 6mg per lozenge , while Cepacol has 10 . Therefore , as you might expect , Cepacol lozenges provide the best and longest lasting relief from the painful reality of a bad sore throat.Real illnesses call for real medicine . More pain calls for more of it . The taste is strong , but so is the effect . Give ` em a try !
 Cough drops never really completely suppress coughs for me , but they do make the itchy irritating type coughs or sore throats more tolerable . I try to stay away from some of the more flavorful drops because they 're too much like candy and I do n't suck long enough on them . But with Ricola Natural Herb Cough Drops , this does n't happen . They definitely have an herbal flavor , but it 's not too bitter , as it 's tempered by the peppermint oil and sugar . Because they do n't taste like candy , I let them slowly dissolve in my mouth so they coat my throat.Sometimes I like strong menthol drops when I 'm really congested . These drops do n't work for that as the menthol is very subtle . For people who do n't like menthol , I 'd say you 'd probably be okay with these as it does n't predominate like it does in Vicks Cough Drops.The soothing is relatively short-lived - I get maybe half an hour of relief . But it 's pretty decent for most colds I get . So for temporary cough relief I give Ricola Natural Herb Cough Drops 4 stars .
 Right this very minute I 'm sucking on a Ricola as I type . I am suffering from a non-ending cold/bronchitis , whatever this is . I have n't slept in 3 nights due to severe coughing and runny nose . I was avoiding cough drops like the plague due to the offensive taste that Halls and many others have . I had been resistant to try these and even suffered while the bag sat on the table staring me in the face . I sucked up my apprehension and finally opened one and popped it in my mouth , cringing as I anticipated the horrible medicine taste . These are VERY great tasting ! They also stopped my cough immediately . I slept for many hours until waking up needing another which I 'm enjoying now . Never thought I would review a cough drop , but the commercials do n't lie . These really ARE the best!If you HATE the offensive taste of other cough drops try these . You 'll get relief and be pleasantly surprised !
 Forget the other varieties of Ricola , forget all the other cough drops on the store shelves . This is the only one that always works . I put some in my purse and my suitcase , so I always have them with me - for my own use or for others .
 I had been suffering from a really sore , swollen throat and irritating dry cough for a few days -LRB- which conveniently started up especially when I was trying to go to sleep -RRB- . I had been feeling feverish , but strangely , had no other symptoms besides the aforementioned ones above . I teach middle school , so my throat tends to be sore when I come home in the evenings from talking most of the day anyway , and so I was attributing this to having to talk a lot -LRB- and really loudly -RRB- during the day for several hours at a time , but I began to think I was coming down with something when the sore throat persisted for several days . Anyway , I was in the aisle at a local CVS browsing various cough syrups when I ran across this on sale and decided to try it , not expecting much . As soon as I stepped out in the parking lot with my purchase , I began rummaging in the bag to get one out . I popped one into my mouth and savored it as I drove home . By the time I got home , it had dissolved and my throat felt remarkably better ! I realized I was n't wincing anymore when I ate or drank anything . It really takes the edge off a sore/dry throat . And here I was thinking I needed to make a doctor 's appointment ... I was like , really , is that all ? I could n't believe the amount of relief packed into such a small , seemingly unremarkable drop . It really helps with minor mouth irritation/coughs too . For a major flu/cold , I do n't know ... but I love how it 's not overpoweringly sweet either and is made from mostly natural stuff . Now I keep the whole bag in my desk drawer at school . Will definitely be buying again ! Only downside is it tends to be a bit expensive for a cough drop when not on sale ...
 These cough drops are really a first-rate product . They are made in Switzerland and the ingredient list does n't include artificial ingredients , though they do have natural food-coloring added . In fact , they are made mostly of Swiss-grown herbs with a bit of sugar added for taste.During allergy season here in pollen-filled North Carolina , these drops do wonders for soothing my family 's sore throats and keeping coughs at bay.However , these drops do have a pretty strong menthol/herbal taste to them that has taken some getting used to . If you really dislike things that have a strong menthol taste to them , you may want to try Ricola 's honey lemon cough drops . The honey lemon drops have the same good quality ingredients in them , but have less menthol and taste more like candy .
 Best cough drop ever if you hate sickening , sugary , fake-flavor cough drops.Not chemical in natural , no side effects .
 These things are the BEST . I do n't use anything else . Sore throat at night , Ricola . Tickling cough , Ricola . I just ca n't be without them .
 The first few days of taking it , there were some side-effects . Perhaps they were cleansing side-effects . They mostly happened at night . I had headaches and even though this may sound disgusting , anal itch . This was for the first four or five days of use , then I did n't notice anything . I still take it . A little more oxygen ca n't be bad for your body .
 This is a great product and its worth the money . Its a great muscle recover and helps take in protein and vitamins better . All twinlab products are good . Take this with the twinlab 100 % whey protein , and also a multivitamin.Also I find all twinlab products and very affordable .
 This is a great alternative to expensive liquid collagen with similar results . Take pre workout , post workout , or before bed with 2g of GABA to boost natural HGH levels and recover faster and more efficient.Definitely recommended at this price .
 Like the previous review mentions , it is a little to big . I am in the US Navy and this helps me thru many a long and lonely night . Sure the clean up can be a little messy but I just incorporate that into my fantasy of giving a rimmer to my partner when I 'm through .
 This product is `` just like the real thing . '' I have the girth and the length and this product is just right . If you do n't have the girth , consider buying a tighter fit . Easy clean up , was discretely shipped -LRB- I had mine shipped to my office -RRB- and arrived on time . The bottom cap can be adjusted for suction . I travel often so this will be in my briefcase .
 its just a little tight but it works great , wanted to do a video review for it but I dont thing this is the kind of product that they would let the video of it in use on so ... love this feels great easy to clean up and it never get tired ... lol ... thanks
 I was n't sure if this was something I 'd really enjoy or not - buy I sure am glad I bought it ! It feels great and cleans up easily too . I deffinitely reccomend it !
 I never go shopping in the stores for items like this any more . You go to many stores and find out no one carries it or it 's out of stock . Order it online , and there it is at your door . Was just what was needed for my computer .
 item was exactly what I wanted and used the battery immediately in my electronic weight scale . the problem was solved and now is working as before
 Received item quickly and well packaged . The battery worked great . Great price . Overall , I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 I read many reviews before buying from this seller . Lots of batteries looked like were misrepresented and really just old . Well , this one is what you see is what you will get . The package is identical as it is shown on the picture , unopened , and packed well in the letter .
 What I wanted was to purchase just one CR2032 of a reputable brand . Got what I wanted at a good price , and seller was quick in sending it . Ca n't ask for more .
 The CR2032 3V Lithium Cell is exactly what I needed to power my friend 's FastAb belt . The battery came fully charged and fits perfectly . The price was also excellent and the seller even sent it with free shipping . I would definitely buy again .
 Got these quick and they work . Exactly as described and have no regrets . We 're cheap so I bought some spares for the battery box .
 works well . you have too many words required to post review on product . Will not answer any more unless made shorter .
 After waiting for a couple of days it was perfectly fit in my car keyfob keyless entry remote . Now it is easy for me to locked & unlocked my car 's door .
 I received the item sooner than expected . So far , the quality of the item is pretty good . The price is unbelievable .
 This battery works for your Bose sound dock remote if anyone what 's to know . Fast shipping and cheap ! I am a happy customer !
 The battery was sent quickly and is exactly what I was looking for . Very satisfied with this purchase and will buy batteries from here when needed .
 I bought this at a Health Food Store because of an infection that prescription medication did n't work . -LRB- *** For all people who may not be informed , these capsules are a suppliment and have nothing to do with baking or cooking yeast , nor does this product have yeast in it , this product is listed on this site under ` Candida and Yeast Support ' . -RRB- As a woman , I found that this product worked VERY well for me , and helped a lot with the infection I had . At first I took 6 capsules a day and the infection got significantly better ; after that when I was feeling a bit better , I forgot the second dose of 3 capsules for a few days and once I realized it , I was still doing fine . With 6/day , it pretty much helped clear it up , and with 3/day , it helped to maintain my health . After buying one 90 capsule bottle , I quickly bought a 180 capsule bottle . I love this suppliment and will continue to buy it . I also love that you can feel it working -LRB- not in a bad or uncomfortable way -RRB- , it 's reassuring to feel it work ... I recommend this to anyone ... and I did n't even use it with Acidophilus -LRB- though I do n't know that using both would make a difference -RRB- ... I had recurring problems with my female health , and this really made a difference . Buy it , you wo n't regret it !!
 I took this supplement on my naturopath 's recommendation . I had an overly acidic body and high yeast build up . After a few months of taking the supplement along with modifying my diet for good I no longer have an acidic body - which makes yourself more prone to infections of any kind and particularly for us women , yeast infections are directly related to the vaginal pH. Why I mention the fact that I had to modify my diet for good , well because the SAD -LRB- Standard American Diet -RRB- which relies heavily on grains , processed foods , etc. , directly affects our bodily pH , and the higher the pH of the body the better the environment for the proliferation of yeast.I suggest you get a bit better informed about the connection of yeast to most of our modern day maladies through Dr. William Crook 's BookThe Yeast Connection
 I have been using this product off & on for years & it works!Tea Tree Info
 I 'm using Yeast-Cleanse in conjunction with a low sugar , low -LRB- er -RRB- carb veggie diet to help rid my body of candida . I had headaches for the first few days , and some crankiness in the afternoon -LRB- when I 'd usually have my tea and cookies -RRB- but no ill effects otherwise . After a week of using YC , my energy has returned and my skin issues -LRB- tinea corpus , snow squall dandruff -RRB- have subsided.One reviewer had legitimate concerns about the inclusion of tea tree oil in YC -- it is n't recommended that you ingest tea tree oil , but I think the amount in YC is fairly low . I 've been using tea tree oil topically and in toothpastes / mouthwashes for over a dozen years , so my body is accustomed and reacts favourably to it.Also , I 'm still nursing my toddler , and she 's shown no ill effects getting YC `` second hand '' from me -- in fact , her persistent diaper rash cleared up within days .
 I 'm really glad this product exists . It 's a very effective blend of several potent natural anti-fungals . The tea tree oil in the capsules should n't be harmful ; it 's not enough to be dangerous to you , but it is effective in fighting against the fungus growing inside you.This product was extremely helpful in resolving my candida problem . -LRB- It 's so potent that the health food store manager always says that people should only take about 1 or 2 capsules per day , then slowly increase it from there to avoid killing the yeast/candida too quickly . He says that most people may not even need to take all 6 caps a day . -RRB- I was able to reverse my candida overgrowth in a short period of time -LRB- a little over 2 months , with anti-candida diet + anti-fungal supplements + good-quality probiotics -RRB- . Do n't be afraid of trying it due to the tea tree oil -LRB- unless you 're allergic to something in it -RRB- . The likely reason you could feel bad after taking these is if you experience temporary die-off symptoms -LRB- they can last from 1 to 7 days , usually 2 to 3 days into the treatment if you 're also following the candida diet -RRB- , and that 's a sign that you 're killing the candida/yeast/fungus ! Hope this helps !
 This product is amazing ! Start taking 3 caps twice daily at the first signs of a yeast infection and symptoms will disappear within a day . I have used this product many times to treat yeast infections and it has worked every time . I began taking 2 caps twice daily for maintence and it works wonders to maintain a healthy flora . Highly recommended .
 I have been using this regularly for a number of years , and THE BEST price in on Amazon . I highly recommend for those who have yeast issues , even if you eliminate the yeast products this is still a help .
 This product is incredibly effective for candida overgrowth . It took me a long time to realize candida was basically the main factor in some of my medical issues -LRB- namely trouble swallowing and other things -RRB- . I did the doctor rounds for 2 years and not a peep about it . I 'm taking 3 capsules twice a day -LRB- every 9-12 hours give or take -RRB- . My throat issue was better within 24 hours of the first 6 capsules , within 48 hours it was gone completely without even adjusting my diet in any way . This was a problem I had for 4 + years , 48 hours later zip , zero , nada ... no food get 's stuck in my throat , period . After about a week of taking it my acid reflux has also been significantly reduced enough that it does n't wake me up when I 'm sleeping.About the product itself well it 's really strong stuff and you 'll feel the effects , taste , and smell of what I 'm guessing is the tea tree oil and you will taste the garlic afterwards . The effects of the die off vary but will be fairly heavy with this product -LRB- for me they generally hit at night -RRB- if you take the full dose such as weakness in my legs . I suggest not driving for at least an hour after taking a half dose -LRB- 3 capsules -RRB- so maybe 2.5 hours after a full dose -LRB- 6 -RRB- if that 's how you 're doing it ; it 's not dangerous to do but it does make me slightly `` wired '' if I do n't eat anything before taking the capsules.You ca n't / should n't make medical claims about vitamins but it 's probably worth a shot if you feel you have symptoms of candida and are getting nowhere with medical professionals . As for other things or worse cases you might want to supplement the stronger ingredients in this product with other capsules particularly the grapefruit seed extract and the pau d'arco -LRB- not the tea tree oil however -RRB- but that 's something to discuss with your health care professional .
 I have tried a number of Anti-Yeast supplements , but I found this one helps me the most . Tho at first I was n't sure I liked the -LRB- tea-tree oil -RRB- smell , now I like it ! and it absolutely helped decrease my sugar cravings . Would highly recommend this product , I keep reordering it .
 These pills really do work . I had no bad reaction to them . For people complaining , it 's called die-off symptoms . They do their intended job .
 Tea tree oil is indeed safe in small amounts . I admit I have taken up to double even triple doses of this product in desperate times on antibiotics with AMAZING fast results , have n't had not one bad effect from it . I take many soloray products and have better health then anyone I know . My opinion on reviews of this product warning stomach bleeding - you take more risk with your everyday pain reliever / aspirins .
 ... Finally something that works . I 've only been taking it for about a week but so far I 'm feeling much better . I 've had a serious problem with Candida for the last two years . After trial after trial of diflucan with NO IMPROVEMENTS at all I had to take things into my own hands . I 've also tried candex . Works well also but is really hard to take on an empty stomach on my schedule ... I only rated it a four because I do n't think my problem is completely gone but it 's deffinately improved from SEVERE to mild symptoms . Best of luck .
 I have used this product for several years , and found Amazon a great place to buy it for a much cheaper price . It does help keep the colon clean , and especially after the much sugar laddened holidays . Daily use also helps with the sugar cravings . Try it if you have any problem with candida .
 I have had yeast infections on and off for 7 years and seriously - this has changed my life . I have tried diets - eliminating sugar ... total pain in the butt . however now i can eat anything i want - my life has gone back to the way it was before yeast infections ! seriously changed my life . Thank you !!!!
 Some of the people writing reviews on here really do not know what they are talking about ... 10mg of tea tree oil -LRB- dosage per capsule -RRB- will not kill you or put you in a coma . Hell , even 10mg of pure CYANIDE will not kill you . Just because you read somewhere on the Internet that people swallowing tablespoons after tablespoons of tea tree oil experience stomach discomfort -LRB- I wonder why -RRB- does not mean this supplement is the same thing.When you first get a capsule , open one up and mix it with a teaspoon of water . Rub the mixture on the back of your hand or somewhere else to see if there is an allergic reaction . If after an hour there are no hives , rashes , or swelling at the site , you are most likely not allergic to tea tree oil -LRB- note that your stomach lining may still be allergic while your epidermis is not , but this is unlikely -RRB- . After that , start out SLOWLY . The people who swallow 6 capsules of a new supplement they just bought , and then experience discomfort , are not very bright . Try just one capsule after dinner , a few hours before sleep , at first , and then slowly move the dosage up to a comfortable level.I started with just one capsule a day . I thought nothing was happening , but the die-off symptoms started on the 3rd day , and were manageable - just a runny nose and some throat itching . After 4-5 days of this , making sure I could handle the die-off , I moved up to 2 capsules a day , then 3 , then 4 , over the span of a month . After a month my candida rash and lethargy were completely gone - I never needed to take 6 capsules a day , I keep taking 4 and everything is fine . Also make sure you take it easy if you are on other medications/supplements or are doing whichever crazy candida diet/cleanse is in fashion at the moment.After a year of persistent candida problems , this supplement cleared me up - but you need to use it with caution and common sense .
 I like to take these when I have had a little too much breads , or pizza , to help my body filter out the yeasts , and these have always worked well . No unpleasant tastes with them either . Will keep purchasing these from here , because they are half the price on here , than in my local health food store .
 I have been taking this product for several weeks , and I ca n't take the full dose because the after taste of the pill is so strong that I only take 3 pills at night . I do like that my stomach is flatter and I do n't crave sugar like I used too ! Overall I think it is a good yeast cleanse and worth the money !
 I purchased these at my local health food store after unsuccessfully trying to cure a yeast infection for two weeks . I tried everything and none of it worked . I 'm on day two of taking this supplement and I feel so much better ! I 'm also taking acidophilus but I was taking that regularly before so I do n't think that matters much . If I deal with a yeast infection again this will be what I try first . Thank you Solaray !
 This -LRB- 6 a day -RRB- , along with a no-sugar , low carb diet , and also probiotics , has worked wonders for me and my yeast problem . I still take 4 a day for maintenance ! A really good value compared to three-lac or five-lac , which did n't work for me alone . I can take this , and then a much more affordable probiotic such as IC Pearls .
 This was a great product . I was n't sure what to expect . I think I will start incorporating this into my vitamin regimen .
 It has not been long enough since my husband and I started to take the Optimized Carnitine but it seems to help , especially , him . We have to wait a little longer to truly see a difference . The price was better than if I bought it from the Life Extention even at the members ' price .
 Seems to increase blood flow near the brain . My upper sinus clears with just two pills thus my MIGRAINE headache goes away . My mood is better .
 This product is excellent for enhancing diminished cellular energy production that is an inevitable consequence of aging . Also works well with Life Extension Complete B12 Compound .
 I 'm very pleased with this supplement , I gives me some extra energy -LRB- I 'm 60 years old -RRB- and enhances and prolongs my ED meds . I get 20 + hours out of my Viagra when I take this along with it .
 A + no problems and arrived in timely manner , would deal again.That iis all I have to say about this item .
 This stuff is utterly amazing . I 've got terrible insomnia so I 'm never quite asleep , and never quite awake , but when I really need to get my head straight , a bottle of this does the trick . Only 30 calories and 6g of sugar so I do n't feel like garbage , like after any more typical energy drink that delivers about the same punch . No jitters , just concentration and awesome . This really ca n't be beat , I 'm just waiting on a higher availability .
 Hydrive delivers great energy for anything
 This is by far the best energy drink I have tried . Only 25 calories and it gives you a boost without the crash and jittery feeling . It also keeps you hydrated . Awesome product
 I ordered this product to help me hold playing cards since I have poor hand strength . The product works very well and it does the trick . My only reservations is that this product looks homemade . The black stand part is made out of a thick foam-core type material . It works and it looks like it will hold up with continued use , but it does n't look very slick . I just use this card holder with family and friends , so it is not too big of a deal that it looks homemade . I 'd rather have that than not be able to hold my cards or have my hands cramp up from trying to hold the cards . But I do have to say that I feel slightly embarrassed to pull out a device at a card game that is so large and obtrusive because of the black color - and it looks homemade which makes people think I put it together myself . But it works and I have n't seen another product quite like it that looks more refined or stylish . I would not want to return the product because it does do the job . I will only give it 4 stars , though , because the construction is a little amateur .
 It took about many a week and I started seeing results . Its a really great product and I recommend it .
 It is builded to last . Before I got this new sthethoscope , I never interested in listening to heart and breath sound.Now I love to hear heart beat , crackles and others pulmonary sound.It help me a lot . I work in E.D. and I neverFeel comfortable to listen to my patient since they are very agitated . Thank again Welch Allyn Harvey EliteSthethoscope
 This is a great general purpose kit for a variety of situations
 It 's a great first aid kit and a great value for $ 40 ! Adventure Medical Kits tend to be more expensive than other mfg 's but a deal on Amazon . I use this kit on 3-8 person backpacking trips . For the larger trips I add some extra supplies and this kit 's bag has a little extra space to accommodate it .
 I 'm a Scuba Instructor , Emergency First Response Instructor -LRB- CPR/First Aid -RRB- , and my wife is a Internal Medicine doctor and ACLS instructor . I was looking for a decent first aid kit to keep in my truck for shore diving with friends . We keep a more extensive first aid kit with oxygen on our shop truck and boat , but I wanted something for my fun dives.This kit met most of my requirements for a little more than the basics , but was n't going to break the bank or take up too much space . I specifically wanted a kit with an irrigation syringe , EMT shears and a CPR face shield . This kit was the smallest that met those requirements , and I was impressed with the other materials included.The pros : * good mix of bandages from simple band-aids , to butterflies and 4X4s . * decent mix of medications . Probably worth adding some additional units of the most common -LRB- aspirin/tylenol , decongestant , benadryl -RRB- * wraps , bandages , duct tape for immobilization/splints * well laid out package with clear labels for types of materials included in each sub-pouch * extra room in the kit for adding your own supplementsThe cons : *** The included book is several years out of date and does n't reflect the most recent changes to CPR guidelines . The three pages on dive injuries and pretty poor and even have some inaccuracies . Even some of the first aid guidelines have changed , and includes no mention of AEDs . While AEDs are not likely to be found in the wilderness , they are becoming widespread in general society . ** The EMT shears are small and weak , not necessarily up to the task of cutting through 3 or 5mm wetsuits . Not sure if they would cut through tough denim either.General recommendations for additions -LRB- not specific to diving -RRB- - better EMT shears.-anti-diahreal tablets-extra aspirin/tylenol-extra decongestant-extra nitrile gloves-small pack of wetwipes-small bottle of hand sanitizer -LRB- unscented , highest percentage alcohol possible -RRB- If you want to use this for diving/beach : - small bottle of vinegar/acetic acid -LRB- for jellyfish sting -RRB- - seasickness pillsOverall , I still recommend this kit . The book was a disappointment , but as an EFR instructor , I was n't relying on it to teach me much . Most of the equipment -LRB- except shears -RRB- are pretty good quality . It is small enough to tuck into one of the storage compartments in my truck .
 I bought one of these for each of my cars `` in case of emergency . '' It 's a high-quality kit with everything you need short of a severe trauma situation . The first-aid field guide that comes with it makes it quick and easy to look up various traumas and how to treat them . This kit is a little heavy to take in a backpack or daypack , but great for basecamp or the car . Also , the Adventure Medical Pocket Survival Pack fits nicely inside to round off the kit .
 When I first got the kit , I thought it was very small and could n't possibly have all that would be needed for a weekend adventure trail . It is amazing ... compact and well stocked . If you get this great item , do n't let the size bother you . Once you check it out , you 'll be amazed too . PLUS they are about $ 20 cheaper than the famous LL place ... check it out ! GREAT item , fast shipping ! A + + + vendor !
 This kit is a great strater kit and is perfect to keep in a vehicle . Case is large enough to add additional items if wanted .
 This is a great little first aid kit that is easy to pack but has a great deal of quick medical aid if the occasion arrises and you can add a few things as well . . I like it ! Doyle
 I did n't really look at the product description , I just fixated on `` weekender '' thinking that would be the size I wanted . I got a medical pack that much larger than I intended to buy . I bought a second AMK that was the size I wanted , but I did so at REI where I could see it when I bought it.I 've used AMK for over a decade now , mostly in Search and Rescue work . In comparison , this medical pack is quite tiny compared to what I 'm used too -LRB- and it 's missing things like a surgical stapler , and a dental filling kit -RRB- , but I think it is much larger than a weekend.In summary
 Get this . Put it some place you can get to -LRB- especially plastic bin . Get another one do the same . Done
 This drink is great for putting on some extra weight . If you do n't mind a semi apple juice flavor , not bad mind you , just not real apple then this is for you . The serving size is fairly small , like a juice box , but packs 300 calories vs about 120 for regular apple juice or 140 for white grape juice .
 Prompt delivery with no problems . Have purchased from this vendor before , and will purchase again .
 Finding suitable sources of nutrition to balance out a limited diet is always a difficult choice . There are many factors limiting selection . Among these are flavor , smoothness , nutrition value , convenience and general satisfaction . Enlive Ensure Clear Liquid Nutrition fulfills these needs . Served cold , it makes a refreshing drink anytime . Apple flavor is favored , although other users may find the peach flavor acceptable . The convenience and pricing offered through Amazon stands out as the best .
 My child has a congenital heart defect that requires her to take in more calories than a normal 4 year old . Ensure has helped her to slowly gain the weight she needs to stay healthy .
 Dr recommended as nutritional aide for spouse w/side effects from chemo to prevent severe weight loss . Product packed a load of calories and worked very well . Very tasty and easy to digest
 I recommend the blanket support if you get foot and leg cramps during the night . It really works . This is my second blanket support . Its the same product I bought before .
 2/23/12I 've been drinking this product for a couple of months and lost a lot of weight . Thank you Amazon and Ensure for a great tasting drink .
 This adds some great nutrients to your diet and has a very pleasing taste . But Unless you are older or have a history of constipation , this stuff will give you the runs big time , especially after a few days of drinking it so be warned . Mother-in-law loves it .
 I really like the butter pecan flavor of Ensure from Amazon . The other flavors are alright , but the butter pecan was the flavor both my husband and I really liked . It is a quick form of refreshment when we are on the go and holds us over to the next meal . Plus you get the vitamins and , minerals too . The convience of haveing Amazon deliver Ensure to the door is a added plus .
 Ensure + was prescribed by my doctor to maintain my weight and nutrient levels . I 've used it -LRB- three a day -RRB- since 1998 and it has kept me in excellent health .
 This provides all around great nutrition and tastes great , too ! I had no appetite during my divorce and lost an unhealthy amount of weight . This is about the only thing that helped me to gain some weight back and stay healthy ; therefore making it a lifesaver -LRB- literally -RRB- . I am sure this would be beneficial to any person suffering a physical or mental condition that robs you of your appetite , enjoyment of food or ability to eat solid foods . Or any person that is looking for a great tasting , healthy snack .
 I think this is a great product . I use it as a nutritional meal replacement/snack . It contains a little bit of everything to keep me going when I do n't have time to eat a well balanced meal , and on top of it all it tastes great . This shake is a great way to `` eat '' something healthy and stay fueled when you 're on the go ... good value , good flavor , good nutrition . There really is n't anything negative I could say about this product . Perhaps one could complain about too many calories coming in the form of sugars , but for my purposes the extra carbs only add to the `` well-balanced '' formula .
 We buy this product for my father-in-law in Georgia . It 's great to know he 's getting extra nutrition . The ordering and delivery are simple and quick .
 This drink is tasty and good for your bones and it is a nutritious drink . What I like most about this drink is that it provided 25 % of DV = Daily Values based on a 2,000 calorie diet per serving -LRB- 8fl oz -RRB- = one bottle . And nutrition to help get strong on the inside .
 I am type 2 diabetic and have a problem with my blood sugar crashing . Sipping a container of this brings it back up and will keep it up longer than a highdose of a sugar drink , plus it has nutritional value.Great for an easy between meals snack.You can buy a pack at Wal-Mart to try it . A case delivered right to your door containing six packs is a bargain and convenient.Size stores easy in your fridge.Great buy from Amazon , right to your door no shipping charges , PDQ .
 Arrived fast , delicious flavor , great price ! glad im subscribed to this product . a special treat for me and my unborn child everyday !
 Slow shipping , but free is good!As advertised , well packed , great value , will order more . Amazon rarely dissappoints . Use Amazon as often as possible as prices are great , as is quality.Julian Lewis
 I love this product . I have a few medicines I take and some days I just do n't feel like eating . I get nauseous and I can drink this product and it will help me to get a little strength up . I love the taste . It is n't chalky . And good price on amazon.I give this 5 stars
 Ensure Butter Pecan Nutrition Drink is good stuff ! Very tasty , and filling , too . I also enjoy the dark chocolate . Both are great meal substitutes .
 after years of using different products & nothing would work until now , this Handy manum cream worked like a miracle . I bought this cream for my dad , who has been working in construction for over 20 yrs & never have I seen his hands in such great condition. , his hands usually looked cracked & would feel like sand paper so rough & ordinary but after a small amount of this cream applied in his hands surely made a difference . If you have very dry/cracked skin I truly recommend this product .
 After reading the good review and trying every product and prescription for my husband 's hands , I purchased this item just togive it a try . I am ordering 2 more . His hands are softer than they have been in years and that 's only using it twice a day .
 Easier to pull onto a wide leg -- and more comfortable.My husband is over 6 ft. and had trouble with the products sold in pharmacy .
 I like all the Realities scent line - deoderant , cologne ... etc smells great . Get many complements . I do n't like wearing the `` popular stuff '' like Chrome or cool water .
 My daughter used these crowns as part of her halloween costume . She enjoyed decorating the crowns , but the crown kept slipping off of her head while trick-or-treating . But maybe we just tied it on incorrectly . I 'd buy again if the occasion arose .
 Having tried the other flavors , this is by far the best . I have n't found any other retailer who sells the High Protein in cases of 24 . Being able to get this delivered free within 2 days & 15 % off the listed price is a win-win .
 The only time I can buy this at a more reasonable price is when I find a coupon for it in a doctor 's office . Being able to get it in packs of 6 , and being able to buy more than 1 or two packs at a time makes life a little easier on me . Free shipping is such a plus and sometimes this particular flavor is hard to find , but I am able to buy it on Amazon .
 We order Ensure High Protein for my 96 year old grandfather & my nieces ... they all eat normally , but before my grandfather & nieces began drinking it , they were thinner , no color in their faces , etc. . Now , however , grandpa looks Good again , healthy looking ! - as do the girls , and they have energy again , and have good color in their faces.They drink it with
 It tastes like a chocolate milkshake to me and my Dr recommended it too ! It really is very good AND good for you . Im recovering from throat cancer and Im sure it helps me out .
 Ensure High Protein Complete Balanced Nutrition Drink , Ready to Use , Creamy Milk Chocolate , 24 - 8 Fluid Ounce Bottles ... This Nutrition drink is very tasty and gives you no aftertaste . My Doctor recommended it because my Protein level was below normal and malnurished . I now have it regularly through Amazon . The Vanilla is ok if thats all they have , just add some Ovaltine to it and shake , tastes great ! Good substitute if they run out of Chocolate , because i drank it all HA-HA
 Ensure taste good and is good for you too , its great for when you have to skip a meal due to a heavy workload or for whatever reason ... . I consider this an expensive item , but Amazon has by far the best price around , specially if you subscribe to ongoing deliveries , I did ; -RRB-
 This is a very good product to drink as a snack to calm that sweet tooth craving -LRB- it tastes like chocolate milk -RRB- but is also very filling due tp the high protein content . I love it and will continue to buy it !
 I just picked up a case of this product because I got my wisdom teeth pulled , and I am suprised at how good it tastes . This really beats jello and ice cream while my mouth is healing , plus it 's filling . The only thing I dislike about it is that is leaves a thick , chalky residue in my mouth . Maybe it is more noticeable to me because I ca n't rinse my mouth out properly .
 I am very pleased with this service . They consistently deliver the Ensure product to my dad 's remotely located farm , deep in the Green Mountains of Vermont , each and every month like clock-work . Neither rain , sleet nor snow has interrupted their service . I could not be happier .
 This type of Magnesium -- Glycinate -- is supposed to be absorbed better than others . I have no way of knowing this directly , but it 's probably better than a lot of other magnesiums on the market .
 This thing is great for working muscles ... My girlfriend also uses it . Let 's just say it works great and she is very satisfied with it .
 I 've had custom , dentist-made sleep guards before and this one is much better , more effective , comfortable and a fraction of the price . Highly recommended for anyone who grinds or clenches during sleep .
 This sleepguard is made from fine material and seems like it would last a good long time . However if you are an adult male over about 175 its going to be way too small for you . I think its the right size for most women and teens . IMO .
 i thought having a night-guard would be horrible , that it would be bulky and terrible , but this is so small and generally easy to get used to . It actually sort of teaches your mouth to relax the right way .
 I have tried everything and this really is the best I 've found so far . Mine lasted around 4 months and I bought another one . It is too expensive for what it is , I think the company that makes this could sell it for $ 20 and still make a profit . But it still beats what the dentist would charge . It 's available at Target stores which makes it easy to obtain .
 Simple design which is very effective . Have always grind/clenched my teeth during sleep , but only recently was it causing me discomfort during the day , even though dentist saw signs long ago . Love that this is no-boil and has a very light footprint . Stayed in the first night and has for most of the time I 've had the product . Your teeth will feel weird for a while after you start using this product but if you once wore a retainer at night this should feel no different ; your mouth will adjust in time and you will be fine . While I am not sure if this can truly replace a doctor-prescribed bite guard , this is an effective low-cost start and/or alternative .
 I had been waking up every morning with a headache and had tried everything . One day I came accross the reviews for Sleep Right and thought why not . I had tried the boil type with no luck but this one has been great . I can sleep all night and I do n't even realize that it is there . It has n't completely stopped but the headaches but they are rare now . I have had mine for about six months and will soon replace it with the same product .
 I have a tendency to clench my teeth at night , and who would n't with this economy ?! This dental guard is low profile and comfortable . Highly recommend .
 I tried the over the counter guards that you boil and ended up looking like a boxer after a fight with my jaw and mouth sore from the bulky size of these type of guards . I decided to try Sleep Right guards and am so glad I did . The guard works perfectly without being big and bulky so you get the protection and sleep comfortably . I do n't know how sturdy it is as I 've been only using it for a few days but hopefully it lasts as well but that 's left to be seen ...
 I bought this because I lost my expensive professionally made guard . I immediately loved it.pros
 I 've gotten other over the counter night guards before and this is by far the most comfortable . I seem to bite through them in about six months or so , but it beats paying the $ 300 + to have a guard made at the dentist
 This is a great product and I 've bought more than one . Be aware that it is not powerful enough to withstand the heat of a gas dryer . So make sure it does n't fall into your laundry hamper . I now own a $ 25 bouncy ball .
 Have used this product for years because of night time clinching . It has taken away all of the headaches that I have gotten from the clinching . I have tried muliple products on the market and none work as easy and well as this one .
 This is a great product , performs well , never falls out and does the job intended . Wonderful product , at a great great price!The only issue was that the delivery time was longer than stated by two days . Only minor , but may be significant to some .
 I am a night clencher , not a grinder , and after wasting good money on a boil-fixed , teeth-molded dental guard that was uncomfortable and hard , I invested in this guard of different design . What a major difference
 The only problem with this product is that the bite pads fell apart after six months of use . One day they were fine . The next they both fell apart . Other than that this was a good solution for me . I have a persistent problem with teeth grinding . In the past I 've used a sports mouth guard which worked alright but was difficult to clean and hard on my front teeth and mouth . I decided to try this product and have been satisfied . It leaves a nice gap between your teeth and stays in all night . It 's very comfortable . The price for this product is very reasonable . The product was shipped and delivered promptly . The Splintek company makes a product called the Advanced that they say is more durable . If you go with this one -LRB- the Select -RRB- I recommend you buy two in case the first one wears out .
 I have used night guards of all types for many years . I have paid $ 500 for the custom fit plastic guards from dentists to $ 20 for `` The Doctor 's '' boil-to-fit guards -LRB- which I could never find a size that quite fit right and several times ruined them in the process of boiling and fitting -RRB- . All of them usually ended up somewhere besides my mouth within a few hours of going to sleep . Regardless of price , none of them lasted much longer than 1-2 months for me . And , with the boil-to-fit guards , they are such a hassle that I found myself going without.I found this product on sale somewhere for $ 29 and figured it worth a try . I have been using for two months and have yet to wake up without it still in my mouth . It works great , fits comfortably and has held up reasonably well . Though , I am certain it wo n't make it the three months they guarantee it for so we 'll see how many times they will replace it under warranty . Do n't fault this product though - every dentist I 've seen says I have the worst grinding problem they have seen . I usually crack their professional versions w/in a week.This would get 5-stars except the price is 2x other over-the-counter offerings and the guaranteed durability for average users is only 3-months . If this was always $ 29 or closer to $ 20 , definitely a 5-star product .
 I have used this product for a few years and I love it . The night guard I got from the dentist fell apart the first night ! I have had 3 of the Sleep Right guards , when I first got it , I clenched really hard , it lasted almost a year , the second one I lost , and this time , I am sure will last lots longer because it has actually taught me to lessen the grip at night . Definitely recommend this !
 I just woke up after the second night of wearing this nightguard . If your dentist told you you have to wait and save to buy a custom night guard , ignore him and go buy this product . I woke up today without the dull headache I have had for so many years , I ca n't remember when they started . I have no pain and tension in my jaw , which is a miracle . I feel like I 'm a new person practically . Best 40 bucks I 've ever spent in my whole life .
 I paid $ 400 for a custom dental guard which my dog promptly ate . Paid ANOTHER $ 400 for a replacement , which I finally chewed apart . Tried the kind you have to boil , then fit while it 's warm - that did n't work out for me . This item fits great and does the job , and it 's a whole lot cheaper than a custom made one . Very highly recommended .
 I grind my teeth when I sleep , pretty severely . I 've had a variety of night guards , from the 400 dollar custom made to the cheap-o sports guards . I keep coming back to this one . Its not ideal -- the front strap in front of the bottom teeth does n't adjust enough , for instance . But it does stand up to my grinding , and there 's very little adjusting to make it fit for me . And when I grind through it , it 's not such a big deal , since these are relatively inexpensive .
 Works well under normal use - ordered extras to have spares on hand , as these sometimes are hard to find at good price
 I just got my dental guard , the shipping was amazingly fast to my country even though it is holiday season . The package arrived in good condition . The dental guard is excellent , really help my with my grinding .
 I snore and this seems too help -LRB- fast shipping and delivery -RRB- I used it last night it stay put all night and my husband did n't complain about the noise , he says I serenade him most nights . I will use this often .
 Great product , works well . My bite guard never comes out of place . I sleep with it in the entire night . I spent a night in a hotel with my younger brother who made fun of me in the past for snoring loudly . On our recent three day , two night trip to Oakland , CA , my brother said he did n't hear me snore once . The guard keeps my mouth open and prevents me from grinding . I initially would get dry mouth , but after consistent use , I do not have that problem anymore . I figure if I have to use 2 of these every twelve months , it will be well worth the cost . RECOMMENDATION
 I wish I had known about this 30 years ago when I could have benefitted more from it . I would have more `` tooth enamal '' left , but even at this point , it really helps keep me from distroying my teeth . Since I ca n't get rid of the tension in my life , this really helps . Very comfortable , and the company that makes it is very easy and generous when I had difficulties earlier .
 Sleep Right is a great product -- better than the $ 500 custom made ones I purchased from my dentist ! It 's way more comfortable . I 've tried other over the counter guards which are a total waste of money .
 I receive this product in a timely manner and I order it for my mother . She has suffered through 3 strokes , high blood pressure and diabetes and this product has helped her to regain some strength . At one time she was not eating anything , but now she is getting an appetite . She will drink a can of glucerna in between meals or along with one . I thank you for this product .
 of all the diabetic drinks on the market , this is the best tasting a the most healthy .
 My wife and I were introduced to this product whilst on a visit to the USA . Very unfortunately we live in the UK and the company which manufactures this item is unable to provide this item to us in the UK . Perforce we are buying this item from AMAZON and have to pay a very large amount towards frieght and custom duty . But inspite of the heavy price the product is worth the money . The product is value for money . Please make sure that you are Type II diabetic . Use proper diet and the blood sugar will stay in control . Our Hb1C is now lower than before we took this product . My wife 's medication has been since reduced .
 Love This Product it works well and it ships early all the time , ad comes as they say in the picture
 I have used this device for several years , while living with progressive MS , and find that it remains completely effective , showing no signs of wear after close to a decade of use . It has supported the weight of people over 250 pounds and ranging in height from barely 5 ft tall to 6 ft ` -LRB- my tallest visitor -RRB- . I had a previous device whose front support had a piece running along the floor in front of the toilet , which interfered with my feet when I tried to stand . The feet of this device raise up a bit , to clean underneath easily , but we 've had no problem with twisting out of shape or rocking loose the supports of the toilet seat , despite grandchildren playing with the device . It is easy to clean around and has a minimal `` signature . '' It 's adjustability is superior to other devices we 've tried , so we recommend it based on years of satisfaction . In fact , We 've given my original to my elderly parents so now need a replacement for our home . For people with friends of varying ages , I would recommend this device for guest bathrooms .
 Kama Sutra Treasures of the Sea is an intriguing bath salt with a warm sensuous room enveloping fragrance . One scoop of the salts in a tub of water and you transform everyday bathing into bubbles and water the color of the ocean . The color reminded me of the turquoise waters near the Aiya Napa white caves in Cyprus . The texture of the water turns silky and you may notice your skin is more moisturized from the natural oils , especially the Wheat Germ Oil.While many may see the color as `` Azure '' there is a definite green vs. purple color mingling in the depths of blue and this does contain Algae . The texture of the salt is more like a sand than a salt and the shimmering finely ground blue salt crystals mingle with what looks like tiny pieces of broken marble . Of course , this all dissolves quickly and the bubbles last through the entire bath . In fact , the more you move around , the more bubbles appear.The warm scent soothes the soul and the color is dreamy and the bubbles look like clouds floating across an open sky . A shell of salts is all you need and a beautiful shell is included . A natural sponge is in the tin and works well for exfoliating the body.I had so much fun taking a bath with these salts , that I ran my husband a bath too . These salts seem to inspire sharing . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I ordered several of these as gifts . I have always loved Treasures of the Sea . The packaging has changed , but it is still the same wonderful bath product !
 Very pleased with this purchase the sent is awesome and relaxing . One scoop is all you need and it turns your bath water the color of the carribean .
 I love this all natural product and the fragrance fills the room . I been using this product for 20 years and its been consistant .
 I been enjoying the Treasures of The Sea Bath for 12 years now . It has a pleasant smell that relaxes your senses after a stressful day and I love how it turns the water blue . It leaves your skin feeling soft and silky . I do miss the tin that it came in but I have enough that I have collected over the years and I do believe that the plastic container has more then the bag that came in the tin with the loofah sponge .
 This is a great bath source and product that all women should consider using . It is a fun product
 The water is nice and blue and it is really relaxing . A little goes a long way . But if you buy this from DAB nutrition ; It comes in a plastic container and not the cool tin the picture . Also there is no loufa sponge included : - -LRB- The product itself is rather nice and romantic .
 Some times I feel I have some of the most sensitive skin in the world and discovering Vitec Vitamin E Cream has been the answer to a long and expensive search for a moisturizer my skin could tolerate . As a light , soothing moisturizer , I use it mornings before I put on my makeup and at night after I shower . I use it when ever I feel the effects winter heat or outdoor sun and wind . I highly recommend Vitec Vitamin E Cream to others with sensitive skin .
 The model numbers keep changing and I 've had to buy other brands -LRB- forgot to pack it etc -RRB- but I always return to Philips/Norelco as the best of its kind for this appliance . Great value too .
 Pros
 Last year my trusty Philips Norelco T765 finally gave out . I bought the Philips Norelco T980 Turbo Vacuum Trimmer , but it fell apart on me in a few months . So I 'm back to the T765 . It does what it 's supposed to do , it 's well-made , and it will last !
 this is a great trimmer.the blades are strong to handle a tough beard , not like most trimmers with wimpy cutters.this is my third one of this model.My only complaint ; the battery only lasts about two years , not long for a rechargable .
 Bought this as a replacement for a T765 I 've had several years . Thought my old one was dieing so I ordered this one . Forgot to charge the old one so now I 've got two . Very satisfied with the unit and the value for the price . Battery is fine as long as you charge it and my experience has been outstanding . Do n't know anywhere else you can get these features at this price . VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER / USER !!!
 I 've only owned about 3 different , but I like this one the best so far . The best feature is the length adjustment . It is so nice to not have to keep track of a bunch of attachments , it really cuts down on the junk around the house . I have n't had any problems with power , though you do have to make sure to have a full charge before starting . Plan 8 hours ahead . I wish they made an all metal , corded model with this kind of length adjustment .
 The Product does as stated and seems to work fine . However , this trimmer may look identical to the trimmer it replaced , it is much more light weight and holds a charge less than one half the time as the old trimmer . But , I consider it a good value because it does the job like the older model . I 'm happy .
 My old Norelco trimmer just gave out on me , after 8 years.I 've had the t765 for about 4 months now , and I 'm very happywith it . It trims my beard and stash effortlessly , and a singlecharge lasts very long . This model is a little smaller than mylast trimmer , it 's very light , and fits comfortably in my hand.If the t765 lasts half as long as my old trimmer , I 'll be happy!For $ 20.00 you ca n't beat this Norelco trimmer !
 This trimmer works better than most in all areas -LRB- esp . battery charge life !!! -RRB- the only downside i 've experienced is that it tends to get clogged frequently and cutting efficency deminishes . so clean it as you use it , and all is well!Great product !
 This `` basic '' model does the trick for my beard . Cuts so smoothly and evenly . Its flexible head curves around my face without missing tough spots . Holds power well . Be sure to read all the directions about charing , I had never known many of the suggestions before .
 I received this trimmer over 2 years ago for Christmas and it works better than any other beard trimmer I have used . It 's easily adjustable and I find the battery to hold a charge for weeks before needing a recharge . I think that the negative battery reviews come from people that do n't understand how to charge a NiCad battery . You only charge it once the battery is completely dead , then let it charge fully before use . Do this and this battery will last you 4-5 years . I use this trimmer once a week and charge it once every 6 weeks . It does n't get any better than that !
 My husband has used many of the trimmers and prefers this one only . Says that it is the best he has come across . Ca n't find them locally so we have to order them from Amazon.com .
 This has been a reliable trimmer for my beard and mustache . Eventually my toddler dropped it one too many times , and the height adjuster does n't stay above 4 . Even that would be ok for my current style , but the battery is practically dead , so every week I need to charge it all day and night just to get one use out of it.I 'm seriously considering buying this model again if I do n't go for thePhilips Norelco T780 Rechargeable Vacuum Trimmerinstead .
 I got this trimmer to replace another Norelco trimmer which had broken . I have been pleased with both of them . They do a good job for me , and I am pretty particular about the way my beard looks . My first one had a vaccuum feature which caught most of the whiskers , and I liked that better than this one , which has no vaccuum . Overall , i 'm happy with this one , though .
 I had been searching for this model for months ! The last one I had lasted for about eight years . The price is greaat and this trimmer works well !
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY HUSBAND TO TRIM HIS BEARD AND MUSTACHE . IT WORKS GREAT !!!!
 I love this trimmer . It trims my hair exactly the way i want it . It 's so light and durable too ! It 's also very quick and easy to clean . I do n't know what I 'd do without it ! = D
 I 've had one these trimmers -LRB- a T860 -RRB- for more years than I can remember , well 3 or 4 . I finally had to replace it after it had lost too much power loss which I think is due more to the battery than the motor . I 've had other Norelcos and had the same problem . I tried a new Norelco T980 trimmer to replace it . Well it has neat features but it would n't stay locked on the setting so I ended up having to trim at the lowest setting . Not cool . After 3 weeks of that I returned it & got a Panasonic All In One trimmer . I set it to one of it 's 14 settings , applied normal pressure to the comb and same problem . LUCKILY I found a replacement for my old reliable and getting another one . I might buy 2 ! Word to the wise , if it ai n't broke do n't fix it !!!!!
 I purchased Norelco AccuTrim Beard and Moustache Trimmer for my husband . He is an old fashened man , and he did n't want anything fancy . This trimmer is very easy and comfortable to use . And the price is great .
 this machine gave me the perfect result i needed for the past 1 year . i have tried many other trimmer but their sizes werent good but this trimmers were perfect and itll last u a long time . it is best for the price .
 Purchased Model T765 because of prior experience with Model T860 by same manufacturer . Love the built-in adjustability without changing attachment shoes . So far the only difference that I can see between the old and new are in the charger , and not the trimmer . The only draw back that I can see is that rechargable batteries are not user replacable , nor were they on the old T860 . I believe it 's called planned obsolesence . To send unit end for battery replacement costs more than outright new replacement , hence the reason for the purchase of the new T765 .
 I have tried other trimmers , and I keep coming back to Norelco as being able to provide a basic trimmer that does exactly that - trims well . I do n't have to spend 10 minutes going over the same spot to catch all of the hair I missed the first or second time like other trimmers that I have tried . I would have given it 5 stars , but when I held it in my hand , it feels like the material is not the highest quality -LRB- i.e. ; the feel , look and weight of it were just off in my opinion -RRB- .
 and it 's still going.I ca n't say I 've taken care of it ... maybe dropped some oil between the blades twice and brushed out the hair thrice , but it still does a great job.I use this to keep my goatee trimmed and to that end , it works great . It 's quick , cuts even , and holds a charge for months.As for the blade to edge around or trim your sideburns , it 's not that great . I never use it.Overall , I 'm very happy with this and glad I was so wise all those years ago .
 Appears better than average for quality but still not top quality . Drawback is an inability to use the shaver with the AC charging cable after the battery has died and you plug in the AC charger . You have to wait for the battery to charge up first before you can use it again .
 I have used this trimmer for about 3 years now . The motor continues to sound powerful but cutting capability definitely seems to have diminished . I am thinking that it is owing to the fact that there is build up of hair inside of the trimmer . There is no separate pouch that holds cut hair so you will need to clean up after you are done . I use it once or twice a week and , at that rate , it needs to be charged once every 3 to 4 months or so .
 Love these bath salts , they make the bath smell great and look great and are are gentle on my sensitive skin . Good value too .
 I have a fast charger and my problem is that the batteries never get fully charged to their max capacity , the trick is to let the batteries and charger cool down for half an hour and repeat the charging a couple times . That , or get a slow recharger to ensure full power .
 These batteries last for as long as alkaline batteries . they recharge in 15 min in our quick charger . I would never go back to normal batteries .
 I bought my Canon camera without thinking about batteries . Well that thing EATS alkaline AA batteries for breakfast . In one night I can go through 2 pairs of alkaline batteries . Not to mention the flash takes 10 + seconds to recharge.Well after getting the duracell NiMh batteries I am happy with the camera once again . Flash charging is quick and a charge lasts a couple days of average use . Not to mention the money I 'm saving from not buying alkalines all the time .
 Look , I got a couple of these batteries used which came with an xbox 360 controller I bought somewhere.They work much better than the energizer batteries I got , and those I got new.Be sure though to buy the exact kind of battery with this green and black or the newest kind that come with the 15 minute charger.Duracell has worked far far better than energizer . For example , with these used duracell batteries I got , I recharged them and placed them in a portable DV camera . The camera sat there for 3 o 4 months with the batteries inside.When I finally got to use it again , I thought the batteries would give out soon enough before I could record any significant audio or video footage.To my surprise , and it was a surprise as I did n't even remember having them until I open the camera 's battery compartment , they recorded a full more than an hour long audio conversation , and several videos . They have not given out yet.The rechargeable Energizer ones , I placed FULLY CHARGED in my rock band drums set , played for a couple of hours a video game , then after three days of the drums sitting there doing nothing , the thing would not even turn on . Faulty equipment ? No , faulty batteries which still get going draining themselves long after you 've finished using them ; oh , let me add draining themselves at a significantly high rate these Energizer things. : -RRB- Go with duracell , guys . In my experience , these specific ones or the new kind which come with the 15 minture charger work great !
 I 'm a professional photographer and have relied on these batteries to power my flash units for years . To give you and idea of how good they are , on a typical photography event , they hold a strong charge for up to 3-4 hours of CONTINUOUS flashing , and I 'm talking on a Nikon SB900 flash , which is one of the biggest Nikon on-camera flash units available . These are excellent batteries . Great quality and life span . I do n't get the negative feedback from people that say they die quickly . What in the world are they doing ? Do n't expect them to have a charge for a long time , like days or even weeks at a time depending on the type of use . The point of them being rechargeable is the ability to recharge them for reuse and optimal performance without having to waste so much money buying regular ones . In my experience , after all that heavy duty operation , they start dying out one by one at the time of about two years . Failure to recharge , it 's an indication that they need to be replaced . In conclusion , I definitely recommend these batteries .
 Nice and powerfull battery , however , I 've noticed that it does tend to drain fast and even if you do n't use it , a fully charged unit tend to loose its power after being stored away for about 2-3 weeks.Good price and was fast delivery .
 Best quailty NiMH out right now . Perfect with a 15 minute charger . Last sooo much longer in my gps and digital camera .
 These are good batteries and hold more charge than others I 've used , but have one flaw
 I 'm reading a lot of bad reviews of these batteries but I have to say that my experience is much different . I have bought two sets of these - 16 batteries , and they 're performing very well . Initially they might only hold 2300 mAH , but after a few charges I 've had these holding over 3000 mAH . Leakage ? It simply has n't been an issue for me . I use these in remotes , a cordless keyboard , and a Garmin GPS and I 'm pleased with the results.So why is my experience different compared to all of the bad reviews ? I wonder if it has anything to do with my charger ? Now I do n't know what other people are using , but I did not go the route of finding a cheap charger or a charger that races to get the job done the quickest . I invested in , and given the price and my desire to use rechargables I do mean `` invested '' , a La Crosse Technology charger.These chargers let you choose how much current you want to charge with , whether you want it to discharge first , have it go through a discharge-refresh cycle , or just do a straight-up charge . It measures voltage and total energy in , which is why I know how much I 'm putting into my batteries.My experience with my La Crosse is that all of my rechargeables charge right up there . I continue to use batteries I bought eight years ago . There 's no memory effect thanks to the discharge-refresh cycle , and I 'm seeing all of my batteries get more than their rated mAH capacity . These Duracells have been especially good for me.If you 're going to use NiMH , you should consider the charger you use if you really want to get the best return on your investment . Now if you 're in the camp of having a really good charger and have bad experiences with the Duracell , then fair enough . My own experience is that they 're great and maybe I 've just gotten really lucky twice .
 I am adding to my supply of these batteries . I currently use the Duracell 15 minute charger . I use these for my wireless keyboard and mouse with great success . I also use them in my Fuji digital camera that has a micro drive . They offer great life and they hold a charge when stored.I also use them in remotes and other items . My experience with these have been nothing but positive . Great price and great product.UPDATE
 If you are looking for AA batteries with significantly more power than other commonly available AA NiMH batteries , get the Duracell 2650mah if you can find them . I had been searching for high-performance AA batteries for quite some time before I stumbled across these in a CVS . My purchase was a wise one as these have outperformed every other AA I have tested , including those rated at 2500mah . My specific application was supplying power to a homemade bicycle light that uses the recently-released , world 's most powerful LED emitter
 These batteries are really nice , they come in the original Duracell packaging and they work fantastically .
 Duracell rechargable were a great investment.Christmas gets to be expensive because of the cost of all the disposable batteries .
 Duracell is the best battery out there , especially the rechargables . I would swap Duracell with Enegizers in my digital camera every other time I needed to charge my batteries . My last set out-lasted Energizers hands down .
 I have recharged these more than 25 times already , and they hold the charge for as long as when I first recharged them .
 The battereries are very good and I was amazed that I received the order the following day from my order date .
 Yeah this was a great purchase . I use these in my RC aircraft transmitter and they are awesome .
 Hi , I recently tookRechargeable NiMH Batteries , 2650mAH , AA size , 8 batteries per pack DC1500and I am feeling ok with it ... We went for a trip recently and with myCanon S5 IS camera ... I am able to take -LRB- using 4 AA batteries -RRB- around 200 pictures.I expected more because it is 2650mAh , but I would say its fairly OKbecause the images are taken with a higher resolution -LRB- 3264 X 1832 -RRB- with a sizeof around 1.89 MB.So . . I took two sets -LRB- 8AA -RRB- of the batteries ... here.so , when one is empty after 200 pics , I had an option to use the other one immediaetly ...
 I had purchased almost all Energizer AA Ni-MH batteries and about 8 Duracell AA Ni-MH batteries . What a difference.Duracell
 I recently purchased these batteries at a local store for my Microsoft Entertainment 8000 keyboard and mouse . The original Energizer batteries that came with the keyboard needed to be charged everyday ! With the new batteries it 's been over 3 weeks now on a single charge ! These batteries are worth every penny . Microsoft should seriously consider including these batteries with their hardware . 5 stars !
 I purchased these batteries from NYC Electronics , throug Amazon and received them within the week ; I also purchased the Duracell CEF14NC charger . It took 8 hours to charge the batteries , but that charge lasted 14 days in my Microsoft Wireless Entertainment Desktop 8000 Keyboard with lighted keys and Mouse . Giving that I used them 10-12 hours a day , and they were on standby for the rest of the time I am truly impressed . The Energizer batteries that came with the keyboard and mouse had to be charged every day , there is no comparison in the charge between the two batteries . I do believe the original charge of eight hours had something to do with the longevity of the batteries . I just recharged the keyboard and mouse for the first time , with the charger that is part of the total keyboard package ; it only took 4 hours to get a full charge for the keyboard and two hours for the mouse . I give both purchases a 5 star rating .
 I got these after getting a headache out of the Energizer rechargeable batteries . These are better lasting .
 Wonderful batteries . Been using Duracell rechargeables for a while now and they are extremely reliable .
 I know there just batteries , but the price was great for 8 2650mah batteries . They work great in my wife 's coolpix 990 camera that takes 4 of them , and they last much longer than most . No more whining -LRB- these batteries are n't worth a crap -RRB- Thank You for a great price and fast shipping !!!
 Having these extra rechargeable batteries has been wonderful . They last longer than normal batteries and by buying a pack , yu can always have some ready .
 I experienced whatever the `` Tax Guy '' did . The batteries were cheap , they work great , last long , and I can use them over and over . I 'm sure that they have already paid for themselves.I got them quickly , there were what the seller said they were , and they worked as advertised . In my family , everyone takes a ton of pictures , and I 'm constantly switching out the spent batteries for the recharged . It 's totally worth it .
 But be careful who you end up buying them from , and ... Do not use a quick charger for charging these batteries.I ruined 4 by using the 15 minute quick charger that comes with these batteries.I now use this charger :[ ... -RSB-
 I own about 2 packs of these batteries . They are wonderful . I have saved a lot of money by investing in these batteries . Why pay $ 4.00 to $ 5.00 for one pack of batteries that get used once and thrown away when you can purchase these and reuse them 1000 times . It is true that they do n't quite have the power of normal duracell alkaline batteries so they might be an issue for certain things that use a lot of power . For example Digital Camera 's take a lot of power . But for the most part these work really well and I have used them for 3 - 4 years now . I highly recommend them to everyone .
 This is the best rechargeble batteries I have come across by far . It keeps charge much longer than Energizer . I have done 500 + pictures with a Canon A95 camera on one charge .
 My Sony portable CD player only uses one battery ... and these batteries hold up very well !
 Good value and capacity . I recharge them in the Ansmann Digispeed and use them professionally in photo-flash applications . Good value , but there are better for more money .
 Rechargeable NiMH Batteries , 2650mAH , AA size , 8 batteries per pack DC1500They arrived on time and work well in my flashlights .
 I use the batteries for remote control , toy engines , and I think they are very good .
 muy buen producto se adapta a mis necesidades y es comodo por lo que recomiendo ampliamente para el que desee comprarlo
 Beginning 10 or 15 years ago , I started having problems with my skin - a kind of itchy irritation on my shins , eyelids and elsewhere . My doctor gave me various kinds of cortisone creams which were effective , but the problem would always return when I stopped applying them . When I researched a bit , I discovered that the most frequent cause of this type of trouble is soap and shampoo ! I tried some `` extra mild '' type soaps and got enough improvement to be encouraged but not as much as I had hoped for . Until finally , I stumbled on to Dr. Bronner 's . Initially , I tried the Almond scented variety . The improvement was quick and complete . I was thrilled , but I did n't really like the scent . That 's when I tried the Unscented Baby-mild . Works just as well and no scent except for a barely noticeable `` green '' aroma . It 's almost a year now , and I 've not had any recurrence of the skin irritation that used to bother me.I use it as both soap and shampoo . I am a man and keep my hair reasonably short , but not like I just got out of the Army . After shampooing , my hair is not oily but not dried out . Combs easily without knots . Looks pretty good , I think.Since it contains no scent and no deodorant , if you sweat you 'll smell . Pardon the bluntness but you should know the trade-off you 're making.It makes a nice lather , but it 's not very foamy or bubbly . I suspect that some of the chemical additives contained in regular soaps provide this function . It is `` thin '' rather than creamy . Again , that 's probably what other soaps ' additives do.A 32-ounce bottle lasts me , with daily showering , shampooing and generally 1 face-washing , just about 6 weeks . That makes the cost higher than non-organic , non-castile soap and shampoo , but only slightly so . I am happy to pay the difference to get the relief that this product has given me.If you 're going to try it , search Amazon thoroughly . There 's more than one listing for this and different listings have different prices , vendors and shipping costs and -LRB- occasionally -RRB- go on sale at different times , so do a bit of checking before you pull the trigger .
 I add a little of this into a spray bottle filled with water . The solution is excellent for misting a washcloth to clean baby 's bum after poo , or for cleaning up baby in general . A little goes a long way in the spray bottle . It is also very nice for bathing baby in general .
 This Castile Liquid Soap does n't include toxic or any other bad ingredients that can harm your health or dry your skin ! Worth buying ! Love the product ! = -RRB-
 This rubber duckie is cute and inconspicuous , but it is n't all that powerful . If you want something stronger than a mild vibration , go with the more traditional personal massagers , but if you need something that is n't going to be obvious , this is your duckie .
 I decided to give my opinion as a 5-Star review because this product does exactly what it is supposed to do . The price , including delivery , is much less than getting it at the local store.If the review stars were for taste alone , I 'd make them give me 5 Stars for allowing this stuff anywhere near me . Have you ever tasted , or even smelled this mass of gooeyness ? If you like things that taste super sweet , buy a big truckload of this product . If not , get it really , really cold - pinch your nose shut & drink quickly . Now , go brush your teeth .
 With the price and free shipping this product well worth it . The product itself is excellent .
 Have used this product for 12 years . My husband who always caught whatever cold or congestion out there has only had one cold in 6 years . We both start to take it when we feel we have been exposed . It 's the best .
 If you love caramel and need something sweet these bars work out perfectly . I use them in place of a candy bar . They are only 150 calories but they taste like more . I use them to diet with even though they are for people with diabetes . They fill you up and do n't give you the sugar high . I eat one and I 'm not hungry again for a few hours . My husband likes them too ! I have tried many low glycemic bars and these have been the best tasting . They satisfy the sweet cravings .
 I am not a diagnosed diabetic , although the disease is in my family . I am , however , a pre-diabetic and have to watch my weight carefully . The glucerna snack bar has become my turn-to snack to ward off a sugar crash brought on by stress or exercise .
 This snack met all my expectations to the NI , taste , size and texture . They are very chewy and loved that . Its very filling . I will keep buying these . They are 100 percent better than adkins , slimfast and Special K I have tried in the past . Ca n't wait to try the other kinds .
 This tastes like candy and the texture is great ... For those of us that are diabetic I would highly recommend this as a snack or a treat .
 These conveniently packaged snack bars have the balance of protein and carbs I need when I can not have a regular meal . I like buying them in bulk so they 're available to throw in my handbag whenever I leave the house in the morning to run errands most of the day .
 This was a re-order from Amazon . These snack bars taste great and your blood glucose does not spike up after eating it . They sure do taste alot better than peanut butter on saltine crackers before bed ...
 For the calories , this is better than any candy or other snack . Tastes just like regular candy/chocolate bars but it 's much more filling and does n't lead to a sugar crash an hour later . Great for dieters or diabetics .
 I am so grateful to Amazon for handling the Glucerna bars . I had to go through several kind to find the one that I liked . Then you could never find them at WalMart or the Drug store.That was very frustrating , because they are a good product for a diabetic.So needless to say I will be regularly be ordering these from you.Many thanks , Bev .
 I like these bars , but I can taste the sugar substitutes . I still eat them regularly . They work as advertised - fill me up without spiking blood sugar .
 love the taste , keeps my sugar levels normal when used between big meals ! i really loved how it tastes has a great texture and it s a great snack to carry in your purse to drag everywhere you go !!
 I bought these for my son who really enjoys them . I was happy to find something to make him healthier and that he enjoyed eating . I think it is also great for weight control and diabetics .
 Quick ship , good packaging , glad to see that I could set up an automatic order . . thanx
 The Glucerna chocolate caramel snack bar is great . I use it as a snack between meals and it helps me to keep my blood sugar under control .
 Glucerna Bars of all flavors are super for us who have Diabetes , or even for those who are trying to watch their calories .
 I periodically order this product for my diabetic mother , and she says that it is by far the best tasting diabetic snack on the market . The caramel nut bar is her all time favourite , since its taste satisfies her sweet tooth and keeps her within the dietary limits of a diabetic .
 I 've eaten things that taste like sawdust and sugar as well as sickenly sweet `` health food bars '' of questionable merit . This is a good product that I feel safe in using when my blood sugar is low , knowing that it really was created for diabetics who want good control . It tastes fine , even for someone who does n't care much for candy bar type foods . To my tastes , this is far better tasting than the oatmeal raisin flavor . I like that Glucerna comes in two sizes so I eat only what I really need rather than indulge in extra calories .
 Glucerna Bars of all flavors are super for us who have Diabetes , or even for those who are trying to watch their calories .
 I order these from Georgia for shipment to my aunt in NY twice a month!She loves them and helps keep her blood sugar down!So glad I found them !!
 This is a beautiful red , I just wish the coverage turned out better . It 's very liquidy so it was a real challenge to apply , but I have very long , thick hair . Still , it 's gorgeous and my experience with this brand is that the color lasts far longer than the typical brands you can by at the grocery store or Walmart . I will order it again , but next time get help applying it .
 A little bit too heavy , but works great , and I really like it , comes with spare parts
 This does the job . If I wanted something any better , I 'd have to pay three times as much . I 'm happy !
 We LOVE LOVE LOVE Nordic Naturals Children 's Liquid DHA -LRB- the Children 's and the Jr. formula seem to be the same and we 've used them both -RRB- ! We 've been using it for almost 5 years now with our oldest son -LRB- he switched to the gels around age 2 or so -RRB- and almost 3 years with our youngest . Our oldest was breastfed but was having trouble having BMs , going a week at a time when he was only 1-3 months old . Poor guy . After going from doctor to doctor , all of whom insisted acid reflux was causing him to spit up and insisted on shoving harsh ADULT meds down his throat -LRB- and I said simple physics suggests that being stopped up below means the food has nowhere to go but up ... duh ! -RRB- . He was up every 15-45 minute all day and night , no exaggeration . It was terrible ! Finally , when he was 5 months old , an awesome chiropractor/applied kinesiologist in our town said it was a gluten allergy -LRB- on our first visit -RRB- . I had asked about food allergies all along , but the doctors had discounted my suspicions . Within 2 days of me going gluten-free , he was noticeably happier . The chiropractor suggested the Nordic Naturals fish oil -LRB- and some flora -RRB- to help his digestive system . The chiropractic visits 2x/week had him going at least every other day , but -- within 1 month of starting this fish oil -- our son was going every day . I know this all sound gross and like too much information , but it 's helped friends of ours whose babies and children have had simmilar problems , especially the acid reflux.Our son overcame the gluten allergy by 12 months , something fow which we are incredibly grateful to our chiropractor and Nordic Naturals ! When our 2nd son exhibited the same symptoms , we started him on flora -LRB- spray -RRB- immediately and the fish oil when he was 6 months old . They 've never complained about it as they drink it in their juice or milk , but they 've known it since they were babies ; start young and it should be a breeze . I admit , though , that the smell of it -- though strawberry-flavored -- makes me gag . Then again , I abhor the smell of seafood . If you have children 3 + , I recommend the flavored gels as they 're easier to take than the oil -LRB- unless that 's in a drink -RRB- and prevents the slight smell in their cups.I 'm sure most people are aware of the benefits of DHA and Omega-3s in our diets . I 've done lots of research on both , as a parent and an early childhood educator , and am happy that this has those added benefits . As heart disease and high cholesterol are common on my husband 's side of the family , the fish oil is a wonderful help for keeping our family 's hearts healthy!I hope this helps at least one person . If the things our kids -LRB- and us -RRB- have been through can help others , then it was honestly worth it !
 Length :
 Just as described . This is one of the best fish oils/omega3 for kids . Especially good for premature babies who have weak nervous system and other motor/psychological challenges.For people who are complaining about fishy taste - well , it 's a fish oil . You ca n't have chocolate chip cake ! It is supposed to have a fishy taste . The strawberry tries to mask the flavour and that 's ok but there 's no way on earth that you could eliminate it completely . Children usually do not complain about it .
 We LOVE LOVE LOVE Nordic Naturals Children 's Liquid DHA -LRB- and the Jr. formula , which seems to be the same -RRB- ! We 've been using it for almost 5 years now with our oldest son -LRB- he switched to the gels around age 2 or so -RRB- and almost 3 years with our youngest . Our oldest was breastfed but was having trouble having BMs , going a week at a time when he was only 1-3 months old . Poor guy . After going from doctor to doctor , all of whom insisted acid reflux was causing him to spit up and insisted on shoving harsh ADULT meds down his throat -LRB- and I said simple physics suggests that being stopped up below means the food has nowhere to go but up ... duh ! -RRB- . He was up every 15-45 minute all day and night , no exaggeration . It was terrible ! Finally , when he was 5 months old , an awesome chiropractor/applied kinesiologist in our town said it was a gluten allergy -LRB- on our first visit -RRB- . I had asked about food allergies all along , but the doctors had discounted my suspicions . Within 2 days of me going gluten-free , he was noticeably happier . The chiropractor suggested the Nordic Naturals fish oil -LRB- and some flora -RRB- to help his digestive system . The chiropractic visits 2x/week had him going at least every other day , but -- within 1 month of starting this fish oil -- our son was going every day . I know this all sound gross and like too much information , but it 's helped friends of ours whose babies and children have had simmilar problems , especially the acid reflux.Our son overcame the gluten allergy by 12 months , something fow which we are incredibly grateful to our chiropractor and Nordic Naturals ! When our 2nd son exhibited the same symptoms , we started him on flora -LRB- spray -RRB- immediately and the fish oil when he was 6 months old . They 've never complained about it as they drink it in their juice or milk , but they 've known it since they were babies ; start young and it should be a breeze . I admit , though , that the smell of it -- though strawberry-flavored -- makes me gag . Then again , I abhor the smell of seafood . If you have children 3 + , I recommend the flavored gels as they 're easier to take than the oil -LRB- unless that 's in a drink -RRB- and prevents the slight smell in their cups.I 'm sure most people are aware of the benefits of DHA and Omega-3s in our diets . I 've done lots of research on both , as a parent and an early childhood educator , and am happy that this has those added benefits . As heart disease and high cholesterol are common on my husband 's side of the family , the fish oil is a wonderful help for keeping our family 's hearts healthy!I hope this helps at least one person . If the things our kids -LRB- and us -RRB- have been through can help others , then it was honestly worth it !
 Pros : * My kid seems to like it -LRB- or at least not mind it . I put 2.5 mL in his bottle every day and he sucks it right down . * Great concentration of DHA & EPA - that 2.5 mL is all he needs for a day 's worth of DHA . * Seems to keep well -LRB- keep it in the fridge after opening -RRB- . * Same thing as their baby DHA -LRB- except for the strawberry flavoring -RRB- , but much cheaper per ounce.Cons : * Pretty strong fishy smell -LRB- although this is to be expected - it 's cod liver oil -RRB- , slightly masked by a sort of artificial strawberry smell . This is unpleasant to me , but like I said my kid seems to like it . * Causes my little guy to burp afterwards , and his burps smell like the cod liver oil . It does n't seem to bother him at all -LRB- he actually giggles -RRB- , but it smells kind of gross . * Difficult to pour & measure without additional tools . The baby DHA had a dropper , which was nice . This just has a lid , and pouring from the bottle is difficult . I recommend getting one of those rubber stoppers that have a hole in the top for a medicine syringe and replacing the lid with that . -LRB- Like this one - Ezy Dose Oral Syringes with Dosage Korcs - 1 Tsp -RRB- .
 I 've researched the benefits of omega 3 fatty acids -LRB- of which fish oil is a good source -RRB- , and from what I 've read it seems like some good stuff . Especially for the average person in the US , in which we generally consume a higher amount of omega 6 fatty acids -LRB- especially from vegetable oil , most of which is bad for us ... olive oil being one exception -RRB- . A high consumption of omega 6 fatty acids and and a significantly lower consumption of omega 3 fatty acids is not a good thing.So I wanted to include more omega 3 's into my sons diet . I discovered my son does n't like swallowing fish oil pills , so I had to finish a bottle of those myself . Then I found another lemon flavored liquid brand , but he was n't very fond of the taste when I gave it to him straight , so I had to mix it in his grape juice . While the grape juice was bearable , I often surmised that he was n't getting all of the fish oil when he drank the juice . I 'm thinking that no matter how well I mixed the grape juice and fish oil , some of that expensive liquid was being rinsed down the drain when I washed the cup.Then I found this product . He 'll drink this straight , so I give him the recommended serving size in a little medicine cup.However , as I tell my son , usually the best nutrition does n't come in a pill or bottle . So I also make a point to make him scrambled eggs in the morning using eggs high in omega 3 fatty acids . And we usually eat two servings of fish -LRB- salmon and sardines because they are usually lower in mercury -RRB- per week to further increase our omega 3 intake.Difficult to say what affect the higher omega 3 intake has on my son . To be honest , he has always been a great kid -LRB- wild and rambunctious at times , but so was I as a boy ! -RRB- . I just want to do my best to ensure he receives the best nutrition possible -LRB- within my budget -RRB- , which is something I did n't have growing up .
 You can see your child 's mood and behavior improve within a few days . My toddler is focused , attentive , speaking and asking questions in sentences . Calmer , her anxiety in situations has lower ALOT . I love this stuff . Also her immune system has greatly improved . I put it in her apple juice and she doesnt complain .
 I needed an Omega 3 product that would have the most benefit for my children without giving them extra sugar . . i found this product and love it ! They get way more Omega fatty acids compared to the gummy versions you can buy . My children have taken this supplement for 5 + years.I do use a syring to give it to them . They wo n't drink it out of a small medicine cup . . too oily !! lol
 We used to buy the Dr. Sears brand , it wasexpensive and was getting hard to find . Mywife wanted to try this one , and it turns outmy daughter loves it , she is 2 years old andactually asks for it ! I give it 5 stars forthis DHA .
 I ca n't judge it by the effect since we do n't know what is going on in my son 's body.But my son loves it . It smells like strawberry when you first pour it out , but after my son took it , his mouth just stinks like fish . He loves it , he would open the fridge and point the it me ask me to feed him.I think the fish smell tells you how good the content is , it 's real , not something barely add the essential ingredient.I recommend it
 I started giving this to my son daily at age 18 months . My son absolutely loves this product . My son asks for his fish oil everyday now and will remind me if I forget . This makes this product so easy to give .
 My son is 16 months old and he takes it without a problem . I put it in his yogurt after dinner and he dosent even notice its there . I love this stuff its a clear color , its not like other vitamins that have a dark color that usally stains their clothes . And also the smell is not strong at all give it a try I think it 's worth it .
 Our kids call this their special strawberry juice . So as long as they take it without complaint , I am good !
 We purchased the Nordic Naturals liquid DHA as a supplement for our 2yr old twins . It is easy to use and seems to work great . I will say the best option is to mix it in applesauce or a food pouch . It is oily , so I do n't know how it might taste in a drink . But could probably be easily hidden in something like apple juice . We use this supplement every day .
 My son , 51/2 , takes this without complaint . Amazed and relieved . I believe it reduces his ADHD symptoms , but maybe I am imagining this . Either way , it 's good for him . I purchased the smallest quantity first to make sure he liked it . The larger bottle is the better deal .
 I have three boys who take this vitamin . They all love the flavor . It really helps with my oldest son 's ADHD .
 What can I say . It 's not that my daughter is a 2 year old genius . There is no way to measure that . Although , she seems more active than all other kids . There 's still a long way before I can tell if the product actually worked , but I have nothing to lose.Now , about the product itself . It seems very clean . I 've seen and smelled others and they have a very strong odor . This is a very good product . A must buy if you believe the studies on DHA and children development
 we 've been using this stuff to keep our 7 year old asthma free for over a year now . After 4 emergency room visits in a year , I decided to take a different route for my child 's health . My research pointed to the DHA as a possible help . I decided to give it a try . Never did I imagine that it was going to be a cure to her asthma . I 'm a believer . . never a day without it now .
 I was a little worried that my daughter would n't like this but the taste is good . She asks to take her fish oil every night . Very pleased with this product .
 Phenomenal , Son loves it when cold , never had an issue with this.Product itself is a little expensive , but then u get what u pay for.One major issue with fish oils is that the fish that give these oils tend to build up concentrations of Mercury , this product is clean of all harmful toxins , and never ever had an issue with it , Definitely noticed a lot of good progress in 3 yr old with this.Just need to be regular .
 Our 2 year old drinks this straight from a spoon , I give him a drink of juice or something after to help wash it down , he likes it and asks to take it . It 's less $ than the gummies also .
 This is my second order for this product . The first order I have was for an 8 oz and for the infant version . My 4 year old and my 2 year old finished the 8 oz without any complain and my baby have also finished his so I decided to just order this larger package for all 3 of them.The infant version is only 2 oz . and cost 5x more per oz as compared to the children version . I checked the back and noticed that it has the same content so I emailed the company and ask what is the difference between the two version and if the children version is safe to be used in an infant . The company 's reply is that the only difference is the packaging and the flavor . The Infant version is non-flavored while the children version have a strawberry flavor in it . He said that babies do n't usually respond well to the flavored version but it is safe to give if the baby is willing to take it . So , I ordered this bigger bottle and transfer some of the content to the original infant DHA bottle that I have and tried it to my now 4 month old baby . The company representative 's claim seem to be true as from time to time , my baby will try to push out the strawberry flavored one . I have to split the 1ml tube into 4 small doses . I give him a few drops , wait for him to swallow before giving another drop to prevent spillage.If you have small children and a baby , try to give this a try an save more as compare to buying 2 separate version for your kids . ------------------------------- Update - 05/14/12 ------------------------------- Buying another bottle . After a few days of giving this flavored version to my baby , he started to take it without any problem . We just started him with baby food a month ago and I also started to give him this version in a spoon instead of using a dropper and he takes it without a problem . His 2 other siblings just turned 5 and 3 and still loves this product . My 3 year old actually likes to hold on to the spoon so he can lick it clean .
 My two youngest LOVE this DHA . I like it because it has the higher dose that I look for , it is a huge bottle , and a great price . It really does taste like strawberries . If it tastes like fish to you you need to get it replaced because it 's rancid . My 12M old and 4year old take this every day . I can see major improvements in their focus and behavior , especially my 4 year old ! It does n't get much better than nova naturals so you ca n't go wrong !
 No bad taste . Good aroma . No trouble &#34; marketing &#34; it to the end client.Mine is 2 years old . We gave him Nordic-Natural DHA , Since 4 months of age -LRB- at first the Baby 's DHA -RRB- . Ca n't attribute any merits of his to this product , but altogether we are satisfied and confident in our belief that it helps .
 We decided to use this product because we read up on the benefits to brain development for babies . Our twins , boy and girl , were nearly 3 months premature . We started them on the oil at about 9 months old , after talking to our pediatrician about it - she highly recommended it . They 've developed so much over the past 4 months its quite incredible . I really ca n't speak to whether it was the oil or not , but I will say that they surprise us , they 're developmental specialist , pediatrician and aunts and uncles with their focus , ability to watch an action/motion and mimic it , copy sounds and maintain attention calmly for quite some time.I read another review that this large strawberry flavor was the same as the infants except for missing the D3 . So for the price we went for this larger bottle . We mix it with their milk/formula in their bottles and they have no problem taking it down . The oil does make the bottles smell and nothing seems to get that out . We will continue to use this product .
 I started giving this to my daughter a couple months ago at the age of 11 months . She loves taking her &#34; vitamins &#34; . I have tasted the product and it does not taste overly fishy , and tastes quite pleasant . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fish oil product for their young child who is unable to swallow pills .
 These are perfect for having around when you need them . No more wasting 40 oz of a 64 oz container !
 This charger does charge very fast either a standard or high capacity Panasonic and generic brand batteries . I have 2 standard , 2 extra capacity generics and the original battery that came with the PVGS-12 camera and charges all without no problems in about 1 hour.The included car adapter is perfect for when you take the camera on the road.I 've bought 2 of this units now 'cause I have many batteries and remember that when it comes to video/photography , you ca n't have too many batteries , always be prepared with a charged battery .
 I spent a few hours researching rechargable batteries and found that this brand seemed to be the best . The batteries are 2100mAh NiMH . They charge in an hour or two , then charge with a trickle effect to keep them full strength . I 've left them in the charger for over a week and when I went to use them they were full . They have worked great on my digital camera and MP3 player . I 've used them for a few months and will definately purchase more of this brand for the rest of my electronics . I also used the car adaptor a few times and it worked well for me .
 I have been using this product for the last couple of days & its awesome . The batteries have 3-4 times longer life than any ordinary alkaline or whatever battery.Great Product .
 These batteries have never yet failed me , the charger works great , the trickle charge feature is an extremely desirable option -LRB- not all chargers have it , but this one does -RRB- . I keep a spare set of non-rechargeables in my camera bag as backup , too , which no photographer should be without since you never keep track of how many hours you 've actually put on your batteries . This one also comes with an automotive plug , so you can recharge batteries in your car or RV overnight - very handy for campers . In short , this item is not a waste of your money . The batteries included are better than the standard rechargeable ones you can buy at your local WallyWorld , too .
 Seems to be a good stuff , maybe the best in its type.For this price is hard to find a similar device.The battery capacity -LRB- 1800 -RRB- is great .
 I have a Minota Dimage 7 digital camera . It drained the 1600 mAh like u never seen before . But with this 2100mAh rechargeable , I believe it would leave marks on the energizer bunny on the go go go .
 This is a review of Metab herbs . I have been using this product for over 20 years with magnificent results . It comes in a crushed herb formula and I take 1/2 tsp . almost every night . I recommend not taking it on a full stomach and not taking it with a lot of water -LRB- dilutes the potency -RRB- . It works 8 to 10 hours later and it works EXTREMELY WELL ! If you suffer from any type of constipation or irregular bowel problems , this is the product for you . For those of you that know anything about herbals , this product is considered a `` bitter tonic '' . I am 60 and have recently had a colonoscopy , not a polyp in sight !
 I love these products ! Came across them at Bed Bath and Beyond but now buy them off Amazon since they have better prices . The thai coconut lime is my favorite scent as well as the mediterranean fig -LRB- would n't think fig would be good but it is ! -RRB- . The system works well , and each canister lasts for about a month and a half when set to spray every half hour .
 Great prenatal vitamin that is inexpensive . I ordered 3 bottles and is now on my third one . Time to order again !
 As a diabetic , I have searched for a good source of reasonably priced different flavored Glucerna bars . FINALLY - Amazon.com has provided what I 've been looking for ! I depend on these bars to keep my blood sugar level . They are great tasting and this is the best variety available . I have searched far and wide locally in metro Atlanta and on the internet and Amazon.com offers the best price hands down ! THANK YOU !
 The taste was pretty good but it could 've been better but it was still good ! Definately worth a try though ! : - -RRB-
 I have been taking this product for years for regularity issues . This works with no cramping . I take 1/2tsp at night before bed with a little warm water . It works better on an empty stomach . You must adjust to your own needs . I take it three or four times a week . Senna and some of the other herbs can have a somewhat bitter taste so , if you 're a `` ninny '' , buy it in capsules .
 Big difference on a netbook whose screen brightness only goes down so far . Easy on the eyes .
 We purchased a Cusinart soft serve ice cream maker and the only thing missing was the `` jimmies '' ! I could not find them in the store except in small containers . This is perfect , large container and turns out the company also has spices , wonderful ! Came fast too !
 I had two back to back kids ' birthdays and thought a decorate your own cupcake would be fun , but did n't want to pay $ 2 - $ 3 a bottle for the little ones . I found these and they worked great . I still have a lot left over , which my kids are enjoying . the only thing I did n't like , was I ordered this bottle and the ball sprinkles bottle and was hoping the shipping would be by weight , not by number of products . Overall , I still think it was a cost savings and having only 2 bottles rather than a bunch of little ones is great for the pantry .
 I fly from the US to the UK at least once a year . For years I flew and accepted , very reluctantly , the jet lag that came with it . I seemed to do ok flying east , although my sleep pattern was certainly affected , but flying west was a nightmare . I would have a rough time for at least a week , sometimes longer.I came across ` No Jet Lag ' in 2003 at REI , and as I was flying from the UK to New Zealand , I thought I would give them a go . They really worked . I was tired for a couple of days after landing in Christchurch , but then I was great . I could not believe how well I felt.Since then , every time I fly from Seattle to the UK , I use them . It really helps . I am on a regular schedule the day after arrival , and after the return flight , I feel great , and a different person . They have made a huge difference and can not recommend them enough.I should also add that I have an issue with things that taste bad . These are pleasant and easy to chew . You chew one with each take off and every 2hrs thereafter . If you fall asleep , you just take one when you wake up.Take my word for it , they are worth it !
 I very carefully followed the package instructions when I went to Ireland the summer of 2005 and I felt fine . My 2 companions used nothing and I have to be honest that we all seemed to be fine . Of course , I 'm quite a bit older than they are . I 'm using it again for my trip to London in December . I do n't want to take any chances . They are easy to take and require no drink .
 My 2 year old is a voracious eater , but has failed to keep weight on for the last year plus . Starting when he turned one , our pediatrician recommended giving him a pediasure a day in order to get him on the growth charts.As some other reviewers have written , the ingredients are far from * healthy * . However , it 's a taste the children love , and it does provide the necessary nutrition . My son is now around 15 % thanks to a pediasure a day ... I am not sure why the other reviewers are bashing Amazon for the price . At our local grocery story , it 's $ 11.50 plus tax for a six pack . That 's $ 1.92 per bottle . I rarely find coupons in our paper for pediasure . Our budget store sells it for $ 9.50 for a six pack . That 's $ 1.58 per bottle . With subscribe and save , I get 24 for under $ 36 , no tax , and I do n't have to make a trip to the store . That 's $ 1.48 per bottle , plus convenience .
 Our 21/2 year old is a picky eater . We were concerned that she is not receiving enough nutrition from the small portions that she has been taking . A visit to the pediatrician yielded a recommendation for this drink and another brand . We bought one set of bottles for each brand but our child preferred these . We have been buying these on Target for $ 10.99 / 6 bottles and sometimes if we are lucky , $ 9.99 / set . And we would stock like 7-8 sets each time we go there . Imagine the things that I have to carry from Target after grocery shopping . Anyway , I have been an avid Amazon shopper and was pleasantly surprised when I saw Pediasure here and with Subscribe and Save , I 'm receiving 24 bottles of 8 oz Pediasure for about $ 36 -LRB- all in -RRB- . No need to add for sales tax , no need to go to Target if we are running out and most important of all , no need to carry them from the store . It includes free delivery . I am more than pleased .
 This is a great product if your child needs the extra calories . The fiber in it helps when he 's had too many calories from cheese products and pasta .
 My daughter loves this drink . Its nutritious and tasty . I do n't worry now-a-days about my 2 yr old daughter not eating properly everyday . There are days where she gets cranky and does not eat her dinner well . . then pediasure comes to my rescue . I wiuld recommend all mothers to have this drink at home .
 I am giving it to my 13 month old son on my pediatrician 's recommendation as his weight is in the 20th percentile . He is a healthy kid and eats fine so this is used only as a dietary supplement . He likes the taste and drinks it at night before going to bed.If you look at the list of ingredients , it has about 50 different things . How can such a highly processed food be good for a one year old baby who has not been exposed to too many environmental contaminants as yet ? I just ca n't help wonder why kids ' nutrition drinks and/or formulas these days have so many ingredients . Why ca n't they be simpler ? We will find out how these things effect kids ' health only after a few years ... and I hope it is good ...
 My grandson is a very picky eater with little to no meat protein , this supplement works great and has actually started him growing in height again ...
 My five-year-old twins do n't eat much and are very picky on food . They 've been drinking PediaSure for their breakfast since they were even younger ; it 's the only thing they drink , eat in the morning . They drink some juice , mostly soy milk for the rest of the day . It seems to work for them as they are healthy , seldom get sick . The only complaint I have about PediaSure is that it 's too sweet ! Thankfully , my kids do n't eat much other sweets .
 I add 3 tbsp of Happy Bellies Oatmeal to a bottle and shake it up for my toddler to have as a breakfast shake . He loves it and drinks it down everyday ! I 'm not wild about the sugar calories but I 'll do anything to get the 240cal and a boost of fattening up into that wiry body ! I will admit that this same 240 cal w / fiber product is available @ Sam 's Wholesale Club for $ 36 but w / Amazon you do have the added convenience of saving time and gas from avoiding a physical trip out of the home .
 This is the first time I am writing a review for a product . These drinks saved our lives . Our son is really a picky eater , especially when he gets sick . After I quit nursing him -LRB- and because of the sicknesses , nothing serious just cold -RRB- , he lost a pound in 2 months . Our doctor recommended us this brand . We tried a couple of different flavor and this is the one he liked the most . He is 21 months old and he is gaining weight more steadily right now and we are really happy that we found these drinks .
 My little brother is 4 . He has had issues his entire life with a type of anemia -LRB- which type ? I 'm not sure -RRB- and has had to stay in the hospital for several days on several occasions because of it . His doctor prescribed him a list of foods that he can not eat -LRB- due to digestive problems caused by his anemia -RRB- and also some multivitamin liquid with iron in it . Doctors say he will grow out of this problem maybe by the time he 's 6 or 7 . Even when he is not feeling sick , he REFUSES to eat meat -LRB- unless it 's fish -RRB- . We 're grateful for this stuff because he loves it + it 's good for him . My mom has gotten him into a unhealthy habit of only liking milk when it has a couple of teaspoons of sugar in it . Noticing this was n't good for him and seeing that he refuses to drink milk plain , I looked up on the internet for things that he might like that would also be good for his nutrition , help him with digestion and with his lack of protein intake . This stuff is supposed to do all 3 of those things & He GULPS it down in SECONDS!We give him one per day and on the rare days that he did n't eat well , we 'll give him two . I took one star off for price because I 'm sure if it were less expensive we 'd be giving him two per day everyday . But even at the high price , we 'll continue to purchase these for him and amazon 's a convenient place to get it . I will ADD however that Amazon is no cheaper to obtain these than your local Wal-Mart etc is so do n't think that you 're saving any money , just time .
 I have been buying this from Amazon for the past year . The Subscribe and Save made it at a reasonable cost . It 's great for mixing with milk if your child does n't care for the taste of milk . It is very sweet if drinking it straight . I do n't want my child getting used to drinking stuff that 's too sweet . Overall , good product but way too sweet if drinking it by itself . For some reason , this product is no longer a Subscribe and Save item . Not even the non fiber stuff . Therefore , I just picked up a case -LRB- non fiber -RRB- at Costco today .
 My 3 year old does not eat well , therefore we needed something that has nutritional value . My daughter drinks this when doesnt eat well . I recommend this product .
 My 4 year old daughter loves this . She calls this tasty milk . The fiber helps her go more regularly . She does n't eat any vegetables and little fruits . Most of her fiber comes from supplements we sneak into the food . I feel better she gets more vitamins when she drinks this .
 This was a lot easier for us to buy the bigger pack online , instead of going to the store so much because they only come in six pack . My son is an extremely picky eater and this product has helped to fill in the gaps and helped in calorie intake . He loves the vanilla flavor , and the added fiber helps as well .
 I have spent a fortune on my little picky eater ... WHAT a great price ... Especially if you sign up for the Mom 's Club and automatic shipments ... Great Product ! Unbelievable price !!!!!!
 My kid does n't want to eat anything . So my friend suggested to get Pediasure for all the vitamin content that it has . It seems to work , but because it 's so sweet and resembles by taste melted ice cream , now it 's the only thing my kid would eat . I guess it 's a lesser evil . He loves it . I just wish they offered it in a variety pack .
 My son loves his pediasure and has to have it mixed with milk for every serving !
 My son is one and is n't even on the charts with his weight . He has a couple of medical issues and he does n't eat enough food because of it . He loves Pediasure and uses it as his sole nutrition . He is finally starting to grow from drinking Pediasure ! I love this stuff and it 's easily accessible . I did taste the drink and it tastes like ice cream to me : -RRB-
 Fast shipping , good quality packaging , good expiration date . I received the item faster than estimate and it 's free shipping as well . Well packaging with minimum packing material . Reasonable expiration date . Same ingrediant as I used to purchase in babyrus . Walmart still charge shipping fee . This is a good deal in all aspect . I will continue buying from this merchant .
 My chiropractor told me to start taking the alfajuice capsules . One thing I know is that it helps to keep your system quite regular !! I am currenetly taking 1 a day . At one point I was taking one with breakfast lunch and dinner and it made my bowels a little tooooo loose ! -LRB- I think this is a fantastic supplement for constipation . I have recommended it to several people and it has helped them quite a bit !!! -RRB-
 Ban does what it says it does . Does not rub off on clothes . I have used the roll on since a young girl and sitll use the liquid roll on . This was ordered for a friend and he is very happy with the results . I love the Powder Fresh , a very mild & pleasant smell , he loves the unscented .
 I have been using this product since I received some as a hand-out right after Katrina . It is the best I ever used . I saw the review about it bleaching your clothes , but I have never had this happen . Perhaps it is the combination of the Ban deodorant and the type of laundry detergent that person uses . I have never had it rub off on my clothes or cause any type of problem to my skin . It works without conflicting with whatever perfume I may use from time-to-time . I highly recommend this product .
 Sigh ... I have very sensitive skin and lots of allergies . For this reason I am only able to use Ban Unscented deodorant . I switched to another brand of unscented deodorant and promptly developed atopic dermatitis . I ca n't say the other deodorant caused this problem , as I am not a medical professional , but I suspect it 's very likely.I 've switched to Ban unscented roll on as that 's all that 's available here . If I can find the Ban Unscented solid deodorant I will stock up as it works to keep body odor at bay without causing me any problems . I love this stuff and highly recommend purchasing and using it unless you have medical problems from its use .
 My amazing girlfriend wears this stuff ! Given she puts perfume over it ... but I 've smelled her before the perfume ... this stuff smells good ... even the `` unscented '' stuff . She also never sweats !
 This blue tinted plastic makes reading extremely easy for a person who has a hard time . The blue is not overpowering but just subtle enough that if provided a good contrast to the white and make the words stand out just a little bit .
 My child is pretty picky and has tonsillitis so any little infection , he wo n't eat anythingPediasure comes so handy during these times . This tastes great and my child asks for it too . It says to serve it very cold but he prefers it at room temp or even warm , so I do warm it in the microwave for 20 to 30 secsThe costs of this can add up though and it 's best to buy them in bulk , samsclub only carries vanilla and I like to mix some flavors up . Thanks to amazon you get the flavor variety in bulk and with Subscribe and save it 's the same price as in SAMs club -LRB- but with additional flavors -RRB- I would give this a 5 star review but for the prescence of BPA in the cap which they say does n't come in contact with the milk -LRB- ? -RRB- .
 I ordered this not knowing if the product was in cans or plastic bottles . The picture is the bottles , the description says cans . Happily , bottles arrived . The price is not as good as you can get on sale in stores , but it shipped free and was a convenient way to stock up on this essential .
 My son is one and is n't even on the charts with his weight . He has a couple of medical issues and he does n't eat enough food because of it . He loves Pediasure and uses it as his sole nutrition . He is finally starting to grow from drinking Pediasure ! I love this stuff and it 's easily accessible . I did taste the drink and it tastes like ice cream to me : -RRB-
 It has all the ingresdients found in Ovaltine - but it also has the all important proteins . SEVEN grams per serving . Generally , growing children require about 2g of protein per kilogram of weight -LRB- or about 1g per pound -RRB- , so one drink provides about a third of my 24lb daughter 's requirements.A nice surprise - I actually received a case of 24-BOTTLES instead of cans . Not sure if it was an error , but it made my day .
 My 20 month daughter is off the charts in terms of being underweight . She will sample food , but does n't eat anything substantial . All she wants to drink is water . She refuses to drink milk , and wo n't even take juice or ice cream ! She 'll drink some soy milk , but not enough hold a candle to her super high metabolism . PediaSure strawberry flavor is the only thing she will chug . Yes , it is quite expensive . But I ca n't find anything else as delicious and nutritious . And with Amazon Mom plus Subscribe and Save , it 's cheaper than BJ 's .
 Our son is 3 and well below the charts . Great product to be able to help bump up the calories for picky eaters and kids under weight . We started reacently using this and noticed that his weight is starting to pick up ever so slightly . Could n't be happier . Ca n't beat the price on Amazon subcribe and save in comparison buying at the grocery store .
 My son loves pediasure - all flavors ! His favorites are strawberry and vanilla . I gave him pediasure because he stopped growing for almost a year due in part to chronic acid reflux . Pediasure has helped him tremendously . He now is moving up on the growth chart and we could n't be more greatful . Thankyou pediasure !!!
 Love this product do n't know what we would have done for my picky eater . She will ask for this instead of food great product .
 My son likes it very much , but due to the sugar and the plastic bottles , I can only give it 4 stars only . Indeed my son did gain a little weight .
 Both of kids -LRB- 3 year and 2 year old -RRB- love the strawberry flavor . Each will drink 1 bottle everyday . Its very difficult to find deals on PediaSure . Buying it from amazon turns out cheaper than buying it from publix or walmart .
 My daughter is a typical toddler , one day she eats great the next three I ca n't pry her mouth open for anything . -LRB- Not even pizza -RRB- I go out of my mind on those days . I have spoke to her doctor about it and she tells me the same thing each time - as long as she 's drinking and her weight is n't going down she 's not worried . Well , I 'm her mother and I am . So on the days when she wo n't eat I pull out a PediaSure . -LRB- Approved by her doctor and many pediatrician 's recommend it to be used -RRB- * Recommended for children 1 - 13 years old . Complete Liquid NutritionThe Strawberry flavor is my daughter 's favorite.It actually tastes pretty good . It is light and thin . So it can be put in a sippy cup with no drinking problems or have them use a straw . -LRB- like the commercial -RRB- It also comes in Chocolate , Vanilla and Banana cream . But , we stick with the Strawberry . She did n't seem as crazy for the Chocolate or the Vanilla and at just about $ 1.50 per 8 oz can , -LRB- more if you buy them as singles -RRB- I was n't about to experiment with the Banana Cream since we had found the Strawberry and she loved it.Instructions for use
 This is my favorite flavored lubricant for oral sex ! We 've tried about a dozen flavored lubes in the past couple years and this is the one I always reach for because it has a very yummy taste -LRB- I could probably drink it out of the bottle if I did n't care about the cost -RRB- . -LRB- I do n't use it for intercourse , so if that 's your intent , then my 5 star review is n't applicable to you . -RRB- To the reviewer who said it tasted artificial ... bubble gum is n't exactly a `` natural flavor . '' It 's supposed to be a little over-the-top . The flavor lasts a long time , too .
 I bought these originally for myself . I did n't notice any improvement with my issues -LRB- the generic hormonal stuff , cramps and the like -RRB- so I gave up on them for a while . Then , my sister complained about some hormonal issues -LRB- mostly PMS -RRB- and I handed them over . Thought it could n't hurt for her to give them a try . She noticed definite improvement in the symptoms that she was having issues with and I noticed she seemed much happier , better able to focus . She said they also seemed to help some with her anxiety . A few weeks later the pills ran out and I noticed definite changes in her mood . It was so bad even she noticed it ! She ordered a few bottles and has been taking them ever since . I could n't be happier with the outcome for her , but I knocked one star off because they did zip for me and because they have such weird ingredients . We ended up calling them her `` Cow Titty Pills '' because of the bovine mammary extract contained within . I do n't even want to know how one acquires bovine uterus extract . Craziness .
 This is so helpful for my unstable arthritic knee , but also the most comfortable support I have tried . I can wear it all day and it is comfortable , even after sitting for hours . Other supports tend to bunch and be uncomfortable if worn while sitting . I have worn one when needed for about a year , and finally decided to purchase additional ones . I do n't know why these do n't seem to be available in my local drug stores - only the uncomfortable ones are there . This one provides comfortable support that I can wear all day , no matter what I am doing .
 About thirty years ago I injured both knees during a fall and until several years ago , had no problems . Age , weight gain , and osteoarthritis have made my knee problems worse . Consequently , I have a drawer full of various kinds of knee supports-adjustable wrap arounds and sleeves and not one of them is as supportive and comfortable as Safe-T-Sport Neoprene Knee Supports that come in larger sizes -LRB- up to 24-25 inches -RRB- that can not be found in most local stores . Even the catalogs offer the largest size of X-Large . Thankfully , I ordered two knee supports and after wearing them for many hours-walking , sitting at the computer desk , playing fetch with our pup , and standing-I can honestly say these supports did n't bunch up or feel like they were cutting off my circulation and they seem to stabilize my knees better than the other brands of knee supports . After one whole day of wearing both knee supports I am ecstatic to report that they absolutely do not bunch up and feel just as comfortable at the end of the day as they did when I first put them on in the early morning . Already my knees feel so much better during my daily regular routine!An added note
 These are great , seated or working ; I forgot I had them on . I wear a small and it does n't slip down . Here are the sizes from the package : X Small 12 - 13 `` Small 14 - 15 `` Medium 16 - 17 `` Large 18 - 19 `` X-Large 20 - 21 `` XX-Large 22 - 23 `` XXX-Large 24 - 25 `` Measure 4 '' above center of kneecap.I ` thanked ' another reviewer for mentioning that they kept yours knees warm . This is the single most important function of a knee brace .
 Being a plus size woman it is difficult to find products in stores to help you with your problems . Thanks to the internet I was able to find a XXX size knee support . I 've only used it one day so far . I wore it to work yesterday . With the type of fabric that it is it provides a little warmth . It would have worked a bit better for me if it came up slightly higher above my knee on the top . At first there was a slight pinch behind my knee . I tried repositiong it slightly & it helped some . After it was on for a little bit it was better . It fit quite comfortably underneath my jeans without showing bulges . I wore it from morning nearly all day at work . Eventually I took it off . It does n't have any hard supports along the outer sides of the knee which is why I chose it because I knew I needed to sit all day . It provices a relatively gentle support so if you 're looking for something to hold your knee more straight this would not be the product for you . It is what I was looking for .
 Prosure was recommended by the cancer center nutritionist for a patient steadily losing weight . It was not available in stores but we found it on Amazon . The patient liked the eggnog like flavor and the fact it had lots of protein and was low in sugar at 10g . -LRB- Patient has diabetes brought on by cancer . -RRB- Due to infusions , a trial drug and prosure , the patient is now gaining weight .
 So far this product is helping with my husband 's cancer treatment . It is eastily digestible . It give us confidence that the added nutrition will help him maintain his weight during chemo .
 I have been purchasing this item for several months at an incredible price . I am no longer able to get it at the same price as it appears to not be in stock.The ease of ordering and dependability with shipping and recieving was very much appreciated.Amazon.com does a wonderful business !
 Homeopathic products do work BUT you HAVE to do your homework and study to know which one is the right one for you !!
 I would like to know what ingredients are in NERVENRUH . How much should someone use ? Should you check with your doctor first because of sign effects with other medical drugs ? Was recommended by a friend to help with sleeping .
 I bought this elbow brace after it was recommended by a friend , who is a Pyhsical Therapist . It was pricey but well worth the expense . It is very comfortable to wear and provides support and padding . I was able to sleep with it on and finally I did not wake up during the night because of pain . Lateral Epicondylitis is very slow to heal and this brace made it easier to do the PT exercises without increased pain .
 The Bauerfeind Epitrain Elbow Support 4 is great ! Totally helped get rid of tendenitis in my elbow . Washes up like new in the wash machine . Highly recomended .
 Best brace hands down . I had tennis elbow and tried every brace I could find . This is the best choice .
 I bought a Fantom Handheld Vacuum with the return money after my Mom had bought me the wrong one handheld for Christmas last year . But as soon as I charged it up * Initial first time charge is at least 24 hrs . * and it was ready to be used . I Loved how the attachments it came with sucked up all the loose puppy hairs around my hair . It 's also very light-weight . Not heavy at all to carry up and down stairs unlike the BIG Vacuums . Also the suction power on this vacuum is very strong for a little Handheld . I use it for everything from picking up spilled dog kibble , pet hair , general vacuuming , and I Love how I charged it up for a night then took it straight to my car to vacuum up my car during vehicle pampering days . I own a Dodge Caravan so there 's a lot of space to vacuum and I love the carpet brush attachment cuz it gives my bench seats in the rear a little extra TLC . And for freshness I sprinkle come carpet power on the floors on my fan and it 'll stay smelling flowery for days til my next vehicle pampering days . I paid about $ 40 at a local KMart . The Price is well worth the quality ! I like the Fantom HandHeld vacs . I might purchase an extra maybe this one here . Oh ' and also the Filter is reusable . Just wash in warm water every week or so . They recommend you do n't wash it too often within a three month period so that the Filter will last longer . The quality is Excellent !! I 'm sure this handheld will last me til ' I 'm an old granny !
 I 'm on a quasi low-carb diet so this product probably is n't ideal for me , but nonetheless I bought it because of its 40/40/20 protein/carb/fat ratio , and I 'm happy with it . It takes the stress out of having to be a meticulous calorie counter . If you do resistance training like I do , the product is great because you get a lot of protein with each serving.Taste is about average . Much better than a lot of other protein shakes/MRPs that make you want to vomit . I prefer the vanilla over the chocolate . Price is an issue , of course , but I 'm reviewing quality mostly . Overall pretty happy with it .
 Fast Shipping . Good Product . Great for when you 're on the go . High Quality Ingredients too .
 My personal physician recommended it and I bought at goo.gl / mzd2W , with $ 10 off and free samples . Great stuff !!!!! I tried 2 other 5-HTP supplements from other brands at the 50mg capsule level and felt benefit , but nothing dramatic . But I felt I still needed something else . I had figured out that two 50mg pills at a time was best , so when I finished the other brands , I decided to just move up to the 100mg capsule level . In so doing , I decided to try Best 5-HTP since it seemed so cheap and popular . Wow ! What a difference ! During the first day I felt that it dramatically helped my anxiety . I realized that certain tasks at work that I feel mild dread toward seemed to not be such a big deal . The 5-HTP alone would not be enough and vice versa . But they seem to work really well together at helping me get through the day and sleeping at night . Certainly better than effexor risperidone ever did , and minus the horrible effexor side effects ! I take 1 capsule of this 5-HTP in the morning on an empty stomach when I wake up . Before bed , I take another single capsule along with Melatonin .
 I have a multi-cat home and the litter box is in the garage along with the garbage bin . I purchased this product and in less than 15 minutes , all unpleasant odors were gone . My nose is happy .
 This is absolutely amazing . We had something die -LRB- rat , bird , ? -RRB- in our attic and could not get to it to remove it . We had 3 different handymen try to get to the dead animal and even cut a hole in the ceiling of our bathroom where the smell was but could not reach it . So we were told that we had to let it go until the odor disappeared . The odor was horrendous , to the point that we could n't use that bathroom . I purchased Natural Magic Odor Absorbing Gel , Citrus Scent and the odor disappeared almost immediately . Seriously , it was magic for us . I would buy this again in a heartbeat . If it works on the smell of dead animals , it should work for anything . I would n't care if it only lasted a month , it saved our sanity .
 Use them in the `` Cat Box Room . '' works miracles for me . They last about a month . No complaints , just miracles .
 this is a great product . I use mine in the garage and in the closets to keep those areas fresh . I 'd buy again .
 Helps me to sit up properly . Better than any other back support I 've used . I have 2 bulging disks in my lower back and this helps so much .
 I had gastric bypass surgery for weight loss . Afterwards I was told to use a protein supplement . I tried at least 10 different products and they were awful . I finally found Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Protein Stack and it is great . It provides 26 grams of protein with only 1 gram of sugar . It dissolves easily in water and the flavors are pretty tasty . You can rotate the flavors to give yourself variety . It 's a good value for the money and I highly recommend it !
 I have been drinking this protein drink for the past three years . I have tried others but always come back to this one . Is has great flavor , non-gritty and fills me up . The only difference is the manufacturer has changed the grams of protein and now it is only 21 grams per serving .
 This powder tastes pretty good . I especially like it with a splash of milk -LRB- not too much to add many extra calories , but enough for that extra creaminess -RRB- . It 's quite sweet , but not cloying like some other powders and the texture is perfect even when made with water.It does n't dissolve well if mixed with a spoon , so shake it or blend it . It will dissolve easily then .
 The only flaw I have with this protein is that Amazon claimed that for cocoa-mochaccino 1 serving had 130 Cal and 23 g protein , when it only has 21 g.Other than that the amino profile is nice and the taste is absolutely amazing . I would drink this stuff over chocolate milk any day of the week . I 've also tried the cookies and creme and that also tastes ridiculously good , almost as good as this stuff , but does have 23 g. protein per serving.Highly recommend this product .
 I 'm 9 weeks out from having weightloss surgery `` vertical/gastric sleeve '' . After surgery protein is crucial for not only weightloss but your healing process . Up until this point I 've been really bad about drinking the protein because everyone I 've gotten tastes so horrible . I 've already purchased about 10 different protein powders , just a waste of money . Then this past weekend a friend who had gastric bypass about 4-5 years ago recomended Champion Protein Powder , I figured I 'll give it a try . I went on Amazon and purchased the Cocoa Mochaccino flavor after reading good reviews , it arrived in 3 days -LRB- fast -RRB- . This moring I tried it and ca n't believe now only how delicious it is but how easy it blends with no clumps , and no weird aftertaste . I put a scoop in a mug and added a little water to form a smoothe paste , then I added cold/lukewarm coffee -LRB- hot will make it clump -RRB- and mixed it up and re heated it in the microwave . It honestly tastes just like a Mocha Latte from the popular coffee shop Star ***** . I will have no problem getting my protein in from now on , I 'm beyond happy !
 Been taking Champion protein for many years . Best tasting ! Love the chocolate and vanilla ! Amazon provides the best price .
 I have tried many protein powders and find myself coming back to this one repeatedly . Just add water , shake and drink it and it mixes perfectly and tastes great . Now I 'm using Amazon 's subscription feature to have it delivered to my house for even greater savings !
 Over the years , I tried them ALL . No other tastes better than Champion Nutrition Whey . Plus , nutritional content is just where I want it ... low fat , low sugar and high protein . I have recommended to several friends and they are all fans . You will not be dissapointed with this product .
 This brand is used at the gym where I workout and it is by far the best tasting . I have tried others but this is great , mixes easily -LRB- with apple juice and banana -RRB- and is perfect after weight training .
 Taking protein is something you have to get used to . I have n't tried one yet that I would just drink for the heck of it . They all taste funky . But , this Cookies and Cream flavor from Champion has been the best for me . Also , Champion has much lower sugar than , for instance , Muscle Milk . Therefore , if you 're looking to lose weight , something like this would probably be better . It 's working for me . 2 scoops , 2 times a day !
 this whey tastes amazing ! the shipping was fast , the price is low , and the cocoa-mochaccino is my favorite whey used to date . highly recommended
 The product was delivered in a timely fashion -LRB- as always from All Star Health -RRB- and is a great product for someone like myself who wants to add some extra protein to a healthy diet . A single serving each morning is what I normally use , which adds just the right amount of protein to allow me to work out on a regular basis and not feel depleted or bloated.This is not a product designed to make you big fast , but will help produce a well developed healthy body over longer periods of time if used consistently throughout the year.I would certainly recommend this product to a friend .
 Champion Nutrition does it again ! This flavor is relatively new to me ... I tried a sample pack a couple of months ago and it was absolutely delicious . It 's not a super-fake banana taste -LRB- like the Runts candies -RRB- , but more of a creamy flavor , which is implied by the play on words that is the name of the flavor -LRB- Banana Scream : : Bananas 'n' Cream -RRB- . The quality of the protein is excellent as well , including both isolate and concentrate -LRB- a stack -RRB- . Great overall consistency , stirring ability -LRB- a bit thick on the surface of the liquid when you stir it -RRB- , shaking consistency is perfect -LRB- frothy , creamy , lump-less -RRB- , and blend-ability is great , too . It thickens up and lightens up nicely when blended , turning 16oz of shake into about 24 oz 's of a lighter frothier liquid . It has a consistent texture when blended as well , unlike some proteins that settle and have separation.Overall , I give this whey a 5/5 . Delicious taste , great macros , and great price .
 I 've used Champion Whey Chocolate for breakfast for over 5 years ! Throw a tray of ice in a blender with a banana and half filled with 2 % milk and you have SuperBreakfast . I use a scoop and a half - the cleanest protein you can find , and a taste that I never get tired of .
 I just received my HUGE canister of whey protein and really like it so far ... only I ca n't seem to find the scoop ! Does one come in the package ? If so , how big is the scoop ? A tablespoon ? Teaspoon ? I do n't have a way of measuring out 32 grams , lol :-RRB- Otherwise , the taste is great , which makes me happy because I 'm really picky !
 I 've tried a couple of them before getting this one , but this one tastes great . I blend it with milk , a banana , and peer/peach/strawberries . After drinking it , I do not feel hungry or thirsty for at least of couple of hours .
 When I mix this protein powder with milk using a shaker I do n't get any clumps . It also tastes great !
 I agree ! As a gastric bypass patient , protein is a number 1 concern , and of the products I 've tried , this is my favorite . It 's breakfast everyday these days . Delicious warm in the winter and cold in the summer . If you want it a little more chocolatey you can add a teaspoon or two of Carnation Instant Breakfast , but this stuff is good as it is . I like to add it to lactose-free non-fat milk for an extra protein boost .
 I tried several different brands - this is by far the best . I mix it several servings in a pitcher and let it get very cold . I do put more water than the recommended 3-4 oz and it 's fine . I got the chocolate flavor but then again , why try any other flavor ?
 Now I 'm hoping that other flavors will be available at this price.Delivery was brisk and I 'll look forward to seeing this price on vanilla as well as other flavors .
 I 've tried lots of protein powders and many have ended up in the trash . This one is so good ! I do Atkins and for my shake , I put 2 ounces of heavy cream in my blender , then 2 scoops of this Banana Scream , a tablespoon of natural peanut butter , a teaspoon of Thicken Thin Not/Starch -LRB- not essential but gives it a milkshake mouthfeel -RRB- , 8 oz . of unsweetened vanilla Almond Breeze , and 6 ice cubes . When I want a bit of chocolate I will add a tablespoon of dark cocoa powder , in place of or along with the PB . SO good and filling too !
 There 's so many of these products around now , it took a while to find one that genuinely mixes well with water and still tastes creamy and delcious , while giving you the daily dose of protein . A +
 This protein is unbelievable . I have tried * many * different brands/varieties and this is without a doubt one of the best out there . It does n't have the characteristic nausiating whey smell or taste , it 's not too sweet , mixes lump-free in cold or piping hot water and packs a punch with 23g of easily digestable protein per scoop . Once you try it , this stuff will definitely become a staple in your pantry .
 and it is a high quality product to boot .
 Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Protein Stack , is a great product , my wife uses it daily and loves the taste .
 I learned about this from the gym I went to . It seems to dissolve better than other brands I 've tried . Which makes it good to mix in my morning cereal -LRB- 1/2 scoop -RRB- for some extra protein . They also suggested for shakes , using 1 scoop and adding 1/4 cup of egg whites -LRB- pasturized -RRB- to increase protein with minimizing the calories . I blend it in a blender for a great smoothie . I recommend the vanilla because it can be mixed with different flavors for variety . My favorite morning smoothie is adding some sugar free chocolate syrup and a teaspoon -LRB- or more -RRB- of instant coffee and blending with ice for an iced mocha.The single serving flavor packets -LRB- for water -RRB- work great too . The breakfast orange is also good , it tastes like a creamsicle . Adding fruit also makes for great variety .
 It tastes good and his loaded with Protein . What else can you say , but I need to say at least one more word to submit , so here it is ?
 I use one heaping scoop of this in a peanut-butter/banana smoothie made with Braum 's skim milk after every workout.It 's an affordable and convenient way to add additional protein to your diet . It tastes fine and mixes in a blender in no time flat.Please beware of people/vendors who try and sell you on the idea that their protein powder is going to change your life or have you ready for a fitness magazine photo-shoot in no time flat.The only thing that can do that is steroids.This is just protein powder ------ not the holy grail .
 I 've used a few kinds of why protein over the years , but this one is definitely my favorite , mainly because of the taste . Whey protein like this is basically the same thing no matter what brand name , and the main thing that differentiates it -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is the taste . Coupled with plenty of hard work at the gym and a multi-vitamin , it 'll help you build muscle.I 've forced myself to choke down some pretty nasty whey protein in the past , but with Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Protein Stack - Chocolate , I actually look forward to having my protein shake after I 'm done lifting.I would recommend mixing with skim milk , but water is n't terrible either .
 An easy way to suppliment your protien intake without raising your cholesterol . Good for vegetarians too . Sorry vegans whey comes from milk .
 I love this protein powder ! I follow a low-carb lifestyle and the one thing I missed that was hard to replicate was a good banana milkshake . No more ! I use 2 scoops of this powder , 1/4 cup each water and heavy cream , 1 teaspoon Thicken Thin Not/Starch , and 7 ice cubes and blend til smooth and creamy and dreamy . For an extra treat , add a tablespoon of organic freshly-ground peanut butter , OR cocoa powder - or both !
 This is the best protein drink ever ! I had gastric bypass surgery in February of 2007 and must have 60 to 80 grams of protein daily . I drink this drink every morning and am able to take my meds and vitamins with it . I would never even trying another protein drink .
 I had gastric bypass 11/03 and this is the only protein I can tollerate to drink . It taste more like chocolate milk , yet delivers the protein I need daily . My husband and my kids love it as well .
 Great tasting protein and a fair price . Cookies and cream is the best , mocha and vanilla are great too ! I wasnt a fan of the chocolate though .
 I have been using Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Protein Stack for the last 3 years ... I love the smoothness , the taste . and the ease of this product . Protein is huge part of my weightloss sucess , so I do depend on this product everyday ... Great Stuff !
 I 've been using Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Protein Stack for years . I like the chocolate or coca-mochaccino powder mixed in a blender with choclate soy milk , ice , sugar free da vinci syrup and espresso ... beats the heck out of Starbucks anyday . I also like the vanilla powder blended with vanilla soy milk , soy yogurt or fatfree yogurt , ice , and sugar free da vinci syrup . Amazon seems to have the best price on the product when you factor in the free shipping .
 Champion nutrition has the best protein shakes ! Mixes instantly and taste great with milk or water . The banana and chocolate flavors are my favorites . Would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 I agree with the other review . Have tried dozens of powders and this one tastes great , has NO Aspartame -LRB- do the research and you 'll see why this is good -RRB- , gives you a full month 's worth of 40G protein shakes , and is a great $ $ to boot . Ca n't beat it .
 I use a protein shake a day to supplement since surgery . I think I have tried them all . Champion Pure Whey Stack is the the best tasting by far . There is no nasty aftertaste.I mix chocolate in coffee every morning for a wonderful mocha hot drink that keeps me satisfied until lunch . Mixes great . I highly recommend this product .
 Protein is a Hugh factor after having Gastric Bypass Surgery . This has all the nutrition needed and has the BEST taste . My friends and I have tried them all , and this is the winner . They also have lots of great flavors . I give this a well needed Five Star rating , because good Protein is a big priority in my life and taste is important .
 I 've been drinking the chocolate Pure Whey Stack for over four years now . Ever since I had a Lap Band installed it has been a daily part of my life . In fact my doctor made me buy a jar before I even went for the surgery so I 'd have it at home during recovery . So I can speak with some confidence about this product.First , it takes a little getting used to . I did n't like it the first time I tasted it , and most do n't . But after a few tries I really started to enjoy it . The use of cold vs. warm water makes a big difference , not only in the texture but in the taste . It really tastes different , and in my opinion better , when cold . Others swear by it warm or even a little hot -LRB- do n't add hot water , it destroys the protein -RRB- . The energy I get from it is fantastic . The chocolate also helps satisfy sweet cravings and keeps me feeling full . It really does work . And my doctor tells me -LRB- your mileage may vary -RRB- that I simply ca n't drink enough . If I 'm hungry , no matter how many I 've already had , have another one.My job requires lots of travel . I usually just fill a ziploc bag with enough Pure Whey Stack powder to make 4-5 shakes a day during the trip . I also remember to put a spare measuring cup -LRB- kept from a previously emptied jar -RRB- in the bag as well as a battery hand mixer likeBonJour Caf&eacute; Latte Frother , Battery Powered , White / Gray . Get this one , not the one with the spring-like blade . It is weak . This one mixes shakes quite well and is fantastic for travel . Just remember to take the batteries out - from personal experience , a vibrating suitcase gets more snickers and sneers than you can imagine.I tend to treat myself . I usually make this mix in a high-walled glass :2 level scoops of chocolate Pure Whey Stack1 packet of Splenda1 teaspoon of chunky peanut or cashew butterI mix that concoction up with myKitchenAid KHB100OB Hand Blender , Onyx Blackand it takes about 8 seconds to mix thoroughly . It tastes like a peanut butter and chocolate milkshake . Plus the fat in nut butter supposedly helps with protein absorption . Its worth a couple of carbs and a little salt for the flavor and fullness.Buy the 5 lb . jars - they 're far more economical .
 I had Gastric Bypass surgery on Oct 06 so I 've been through many protein drinks . This one is by far the best tasting I 've had . Very smooth , mixes very easy and no after taste . You ca n't beat it ...
 As a regular user of protein supplements , I have tried several and this product compares favorably to the best of them . This is my first time using Champion Pure Whey and the Vanilla is quite good tasting and mixes well in a blender , or blender bottle with very little after taste , even without adding any fruit , etc. . My only complaint is in the packaging . I wish they used the shrink wrap tamper proof lid seal in addition to the paper insert like most others do . That paper seal is rarely attached completely and tampering , or just contamination can occur without the additional safety seal . Just my nitpicking , but enough to make me consider another brand like Optimum Nutrition for example , that does have the additional seal.As a followup on this date -LRB- 9/30/11 -RRB- after trying many other brands , I have come to realize that the vanilla flavor of this Champion protein is rather bland . Perhaps bland has too negative a connotation and neutral is a better way to describe it . This is by no means a bad thing , because unlike some other protein powders that are too sweet , this product allows you to add things such as different fruits to suit your own taste . By itself it is pretty plain , but that too is a refreshing change from some of the `` cotton candy '' proteins I have tried .
 When I first read the instructions , I read something about a scoop . I had no clue as to what the gram size was in a scoop so I hoped for the best when I opened it , hoping for a scoop . I opened it . There was no scoop . But then my brain started to churn and I figured that the scoop was in the center of the jar . Damn . I washed my arm like a doctor does and dried it . Then I shoved my hand down in that jar like an artificial cow inseminator . Lo and Behold , after some wriggling , I was triumphant with my scoop ! Now I scoop that in my water , milk , or smoothie everyday and I see some good results ! The taste , ah , well , do you really ever think vanilla protein will taste good ?
 Love this product . I mix w/scoop of Amazing Grass powder , crushed ice , water -- and it 's a great nutritional drink . I have tried chocolate -LRB- my fav -RRB- , vanilla -LRB- meh , not great alone , but mixed with other things -- and to bump protein in prepared foods like pancakes , oatmeal , etc. it 's awesome -RRB- . I tried the cookies and cream also based on a highly recommended review from a friend -- now THAT truly tasted like the milk left over after a sugar cereal -- i.e. WAAAAAAY TOO SWEET ! Have n't tried the other flavors yet so wo n't comment on those -- but this is a great product in that it mixes well without a blender . Not as substantial -LRB- thickness -RRB- as the blender drinks , but it 's the protein supplement source I 'm after and this is my favorite instant product of those I 've tried out there -LRB- to include muscle milk , and other brands -RRB- .
 Fantastic product . I have been lifting for 30 years , using various powders , but this is one of the only ones that mixes with only a spoon and glass , and tastes awesome . Even better , it is well researched and produced and doesnt include things you dont need like ephedra , glandulars , etc. .
 I am a fitness competitor and I 've tried several protein powders and this is by far the best tasting protein powder I 've ever had . It 's low in carbs so I can add in my own and low in calories . I always look forward to drinking it which is unusual for protein . Tastes like an iced coffee ... yummy
 Protein is a Hugh factor after having Gastric Bypass Surgery . This has all the nutrition needed and has the BEST taste . My friends and I have tried them all , and this is the winner . They also have lots of great flavors . I give this a well needed Five Star rating , because good Protein is a big priority in my life and taste is important .
 Protein is a Hugh factor after having Gastric Bypass Surgery . This has all the nutrition needed and has the BEST taste . My friends and I have tried them all , and this is the winner . They also have lots of great flavors . I give this a well needed Five Star rating , because good Protein is a big priority in my life and taste is important .
 Great protein powder . Like all protein powders , the flavor takes a day or two to get used to , but after that , it 's terrific . It 's not oversweet and it makes milk -LRB- or , I presume , water -RRB- thick and creamy . The flavor is pretty good as well , so I 'd recommend this to anyone without reservations .
 All of the Champion Pure Whey products are fantastic ! I love the cookies and cream flavor best , but also buy the vanilla often because of the netrual taste , which makes it perfect for adding to smoothies and not clashing with the fruit .
 This product is a very good way to get that protein you need for losing weight , or maintaining health.Very good tasting and high in protein.I 'm very happy with it .
 I 've not tried other protein shakes recently , so this review is pointed specifically at the Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Protein Stack.I chose the chocolate flavor as the vanilla flavors tend to make me gag and are overly sweet.I mix the protein powder with a bit of hot water to help dissolve better and then add nonfat milk to top it off . It comes out smooth with very few lumps and if you allow it to sit for a minute , it actually gets a bit creamy . Tastes good and goes down smooth . I actually look forward to a shake after workouts now.In the month that I 've been using it combined with my workout , I 've noticed an increase in size in the shoulders and arms . How much of this can be attributed to the shake , I ca n't say , but it sure takes the edge off my hunger after a workout . After drinking this I 'm satisfied but not stuffed and it helps me to not snack on junk which defeats the purpose of my working out.I still have more than half a jar left which is a great value considering the cost . I plan to continue buy this product after I run out .
 I am a gastric by-pass patient and have to drink 3-4 protein drinks a day . I have found this product to be the best tasting chocolate protein and it mixes very easily.I found this place to have the best prices for all my protein needs .
 Champion Nutrition 's whey product is the best tasting whey protein that I have found . I would like to see the protein % even higher but it is a good buy for the money .
 If you want a low calorie , great tasting protein supplement , this is the one . It mixes easily , has a great smooth taste , and comes in a variety of flavors .
 I have tried darn near every protein supplement on the market . The only ones I can stomach are the Champion Products . I mix mine with cold coffee , ice cubes and truvia and enjoy a smooth chocolaty treat that is good for me . No one in Omaha , Nebraska carries the product so I purchase mine from Amazon . The great taste outweighs the shipping fees that I incur by ordering it on line . I would recommend this to anyone !
 I have tried many protein powders and this one is really good . It has a great taste , mixes well , and is not too high in calories and sugar.I will definitely purchase again .
 every morning starts with one scoop of this powder along with a few supplements - i 've been doing this for over five years now and the very few times i 've missed , i really notice . for anyone who needs to keep their protein levels up and carb levels low , this is an excellent solution . tastes great too .
 Ive tried different brands and flavors but nothing comes close to this . I 've gone through 4 of the 5lb tubs already and will stick to this flavor.It dissolves easily in cold water . You can use a wand mixer for a thorough mix , but most of the time its not needed.Other brands tastes like chalk to me , so if you like the flavor of mocha , this one wo n't disappoint .
 After searching relentlesely for a new protein I came across this product . Though some ingredients / dosages could be better this is a FANTASTIC protein ! It tastes like chocolate milk ! YUM !!!! I also experience less gas and bloating on this product . Superb mixing as well ! I just add water and some ice , and walla!You will NOT go wrong with this protein .
 When my doctor recommended a high protein drink to aid my recovery from a surgical incision which was slow in healing -LRB- I 'm diabetic -RRB- , a nurse friend sent me a whole jug of Chocolate flavored Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Stack from Amazon . It did the trick , healing my incision , and I continue to use it as a supplement to my food intake daily . I find it satisfies that need for something sweet in the middle of the afternoon , without going overboard . I found it to be easily dissolved in ice water , no mess -- just shake in a shaker and drink from shaker -- available in different flavors -LRB- I 've used Cookies & Cream as well as Chocolate and like them both -RRB- , and it 's also available in individual packets from Amazon , so can be carried in your purse . I live alone and do little or no cooking . I find this product assures that I get some protein every day , no matter what else I do or do not eat . Thanks , Amazon , for a great product !
 It dissolves quickly and tastes really good , I take it after I work out w / some creatine and it does the job .
 I add a scoop to my coffee every morning It tastes great ! One of the best I have tried . I like it as a shake also I just add water .
 If you are looking for a decent tasting , easily mixable with limited carbs/sugars , this will work for you . I simply mix the vanilla with water and am good to go . I 'd not catagorize this as delicious , but it 's certainly good enough .
 This is the best tasting protein hands down i even drink it with hot water taste just like a hot coco
 This is a drink mix that can be used in several ways . Want a hot drink , mix it with sugar free cocoa and hot water . Use some cold water and ice for a nice cool drink . Use water , banana , ice and make a smoothie . I love this drink .
 If it would be less expensive , I would be just as happy with 2 of the 5 lb containers . I do n't know how to get in touch with you to say that otherwise.Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Stack , Chocolate , 2.2-Pound Bottle
 I had WLS so I need a high protein intake . I have had difficulty finding a protein powder that Packs in the protein AND has a great taste ! This product does . It is thinner than most when mixed with water . Not thick and chalky . It gives me 23grams of protein of course you can always do a double scoop shake ! Mixes well with out clumps . I recommend this to anyone with a need for high protein and good taste
 The Cookies and Cream tastes great in water . In Milk it probably tastes exactly like a milkshake.Mmmmm . Yummy . It 's so good I drink it faster than I want .
 This is a good product , great amount of protein per serving , low sugars and among all that I have tried . . one of the better tasting . I often mix it only with water to keep the calorie intake down when using it as a snack.Even when mixed with soy milk -LRB- I am lactose :-LRB- intolerant -RRB- it is a nice thick and tasty beverage :-RRB- ~ I use a hand belnder to mix it up with frozen fruit and add my glutamine and flax seed oil to it to make it a more complete shake for a snack or meal replacement.While I find that the BSN SYNTHA-6 casein protein is the best tasting , I will grab a scoop from the 5lb container of Champion Whey and mix it with a scoop from the 2lb Synta-6 Vanilla , Chocolate or Strawberry . Studies have shown that blending proteins such as whey , casein and soy are more effective and your body can use them alot more readily . I reccomend giving it a try over brands such as EAS.L-Glutamine 400 grBSN Syntha-6 Ultra-Premium Sustained Release Protein Powder , Chocolate Milkshake , 46.56 OuncesFlax Seed Oil 1000 Mg Certified Organic Cold Pressed Hexane Free Flaxseed Oil Is the Worlds Richest Source of Omega-3 Fatty Acids - 250 Softgels # 1942
 I have been using this product for about 5 months and find it to be the best tasting on the market . I have spent plenty of money on many different brands of protein and they are all thick , chalky , or down right gross.Champion is hands down the best tasting . I love the Champion Nutrition Pure Whey Stacked Chocolate flavored . It tastes like a chocolate Yoo-hoo , it also packs 26 grams of protein in a 5 ounce serving . I like mine `` natural '' , mixing it with only water and ice.Having Lost 115 pounds following Gastric Bypass surgey , I need to get a maximum amount of protein each day in order to maintain my health and avoid surgery related malnutrition and hairloss . Today at 145 pounds , Champion makes it easy to maintain my weightloss and get my protein because it tastes so great.The Amazon market place seller The Vitimin Shoppe , has the best price online with shipping that is easy on the wallet . They sell the 5 pound tub for 23.99 with 4.99 shipping . As we all know there is the added security of ordering from an Amazon backed seller verses any one of the unknown internet sites that are out there .
 I did not get this shipment . I 've had several successful shipments , but this one is gone ? Great protein , just did n't get to myhands for some reason .
 If you have any pain I would suggest you purchase this product . I was not sure until the 1st time I used it . I have cut back on the use of my pain pills due to the use of the arnica spray -LRB- products -RRB- ... gel works too .
 My wife and I have tried many arnica products over the years , and this is the only that works all the time . We 've been using now for about 20 years .
 I learned about arnica at an animal rehab class . Apparently it is used often as a natural pain reliever at their facility . I would not take an internal arnica , although people do . I like the spray because I have a painful foot and it is soothing . Anyone thinking of using this product should do their research though .
 My family uses it all the time to recover from exercise related soreness . I should really take stock in this company .
 These are terrific , I take them at lunchtime and have lots of energy & revv 'd up , even after work . Helps with stress too , I notice a huge difference when I do n't take them.Shipping fast & easy .
 It is so good of a product where it taste good too ! It is concentrated where it fills you up with just one bar a day !
 I have shopped around for two days for a brace the prevents nearly 100 % of side to side movement and this is the ONLY model and brand that I have found that that offers this . I have a fit issue though , so I have not settled on this one . I have a female size 9 foot with large cankles -LRB- fat ankles -RRB- . This comes in size s-xl . I am between L and XL . The L fits the best in the back and under the foot , but toung only covers 1.3 of the front of my foot . The XL is longer under foot so it hits the underside of the front pad on my foot which causes irritation , but the metal says seem to be in a better position . Both laced up fine , but it is really annoying that the measurement on all brand is not the measurement of you heel to top of ankle because that is wear it must fit tight and how all the specialists are actually measuring . If I end of this one I will probably go with the L and add a bit of foam to the front under the laces so I do n't get cut up . The other great thing about this model is that it is canvas so you foot does n't slip around and the laces are cotton so they do n't cut into your leg like nylons laces . If you do n't need ZERo side to side stability I found that OTC 's other model with the form fit plastic stays instead of this metal fits EXCELLENTLY and was the only model that fit well of 12 brands tested . I was an XL in this model , the OTC Ankle stabilizer w heel locking straps . I wish I was strong enough for that one , but not yet .
 My Mom bought me these and I love them . When you tweeze with the light and the magnifying lense you can see hairs that you did n't know you had , lol . Seriously though , I do recommend them .
 The LumaTweeze is amazing ! You can pluck eyebrow hairs you did n't even know were there . My old one broke -LRB- after 3 or so years -RRB- and I could not live with another set of tweezers . Highly recommended
 I bought a pair of these over 2 years ago and they work wonderfully . I could not be happier . They do grab even the tiniest hairs and it comes with batteries for the light and it is still just as bright as the first day I bought it . The built-in magnifier is very useful when doing eyebrows . The size of the handle is perfect for fitting in your hand as opposed to regular tweezers which eventually leave indentions in your fingertips . I recommend this product for everyone .
 There were some mistakes made on my first order of this product both by me and by Amazon , , two cal but after spending some quality time with the service department all was resolved to my satisfaction . I needed this product as I am recovering from neck cancer and need to feed through a tube into my stomach , so I have no idea what it tastes like , but if you find yourself in a position of having to put on some weight this will do the trick . Other popular products like Ensure plus have 350 calories per can . this stuff has 475 . Most folks are looking for things to bring their weight down and finding something that does the opposite is n't easy . This is the stuff .
 At the time of her cancer operation my wife wieghed only 97 pounds . To get her wieght back to normal , she added 2-CAL to her diet . She now wieghs 110 pounds . She looks and feels great .
 I bought this product for a lady that had a stroke and had swallowing problems . She had a stomach tube and I used it to keep her alive and build up her health . Other products were not giving her enough calories and protein . She was even having problem with a bad sore on her ankle on her paralyzed side and her little toe was showing signs of turning black around the tips . I did feed this product through a stomach tube and sometimes thinned it just a bit with some water as it is thick . 4 cans a day started her on the road back to better health . In two weeks she showed better color , gained weight and seemed more aware of her environment . Her toe actually got better . Some dark skin sloughed off and pink skin showed up underneath . Her sore seemed to heal better . One doctor actually suggested amputating the bad leg as she was not using it anyway . But medication from the local burn center and the nutrition of two cal enabled her would to finally heal and the circulation was much better in the leg . This product can be taken by mouth but is not really that tasteful . But it sure does help put and keep weight on if a patient can not eat regular food . It sustained my friend for almost a year until she was able to eat again . I can not say enough about it . It is a miracle food for someone who needs it .
 I broke my wrist , and even now I need a brace from time to time . I like the braces that you pull over your hand , rather than the ones you wrap and clasp . I consider those bulky ; with the ones I like you can even wear a watch over the brace -LRB- although many people do not wear watches any longer -RRB- , or you can conceal the brace under a long sleeved shirt.I order such a brace and believe me , they are hard to find . I ordered a small , but it was not small enough for my wrist , which measures 5 and 1/2 inches . It floated on my wrist and I thought , what can I do ? So , I carefully , with a seam ripper , took apart the sewing that combines the two parts together . I cut off 1/2 inch , approximately , put some 2 tube style epoxy -LRB- the 5 minute kind -RRB- on the edges to toughen them up and when that was dry , I re-sewed the two pieces together following a similar pattern or sewing.It worked great ! I love my new brace . I ordered a second one to be altered at a later date , if necessary .
 We have been purchasing this product from our local Vitamin Shoppe for the past year . Just this week when I went to purchase , I was informed they were no longer stocking it in their stores . It has been a very reliable product in aiding mild colon disorder 's from irritable bowel syndrome . Has been far more superior than any prescription agent or alternative supplement 's on the market . No cramping , abdominal discomfort or bowel urgency associated with this product . 1 tea bag at night before bedtime is how we use it .
 This is a great product to get your system cleanse and to get started on your diet , especially if you want to start on a vegetarian diet or vegan diet .
 Although I have not yet tried all of the Axe scents , this is by far my favorite and will be hard to beat . It smells incredibly sexy and masculine . Sometimes I just spray some on my wrist and hands just to smell it !
 I have had this , my 3rd Panasonic shaver , for several days . -LRB- It only cost $ 10 more than my last one that is over 5 years old . -RRB- So far it has given me excellent smooth shaves with no irritation , and has not had to be recharged yet ! I do n't know where the other two reviewers are coming from , but I like it . I especially like being able to use it cordless or with the cord . That way , if it runs completely down , then I can just plug it in and do n't have to wait for it to charge . I ca n't guarantee that other buyers will like it , but I give it 5 stars .
 I 've used electric razors for the last 20 years and this razor for 4 years . I like it so much I came back here to write a review . Here 's some features I really like : * Slotted middle head . I 've had 2 and 3 head Remington razors , and hated having to touch up with a manual razor . The slotted head in the middle of this one nicely picks up long hairs that the regular screens ca n't get . Every few days there 's a stray hair flat on my neck that is quickly taken care of with the trimmer , but the slotted head gets most . * Quality construction . The feel and quality of Panasonic equipment is way better than my less expensive Remington . The blades and foil head also have lasted much longer . Perhaps Remington also has better razors than the ones I bought . Either way , the few extra dollars are well worth it . * AC/RC . This allows you to run plugged in if you ran the batteries down all the way . Happens to me every couple months because I do n't charge till I have to . With a plain rechargeable , you 're out of luck . * Quick charge . In a couple minutes this thing will charge enough for a full shave , so even if you ran the bateries down and do n't like the cord , you 're set . * External transformer . This goes with the AC/RC feature . What it means , though , is that there is more room in the razor itself for a bigger battery . This thing easily lasts a couple weeks on a single charge . My old RC razor only gave me a few days , or less after a couple years of use . You might not like the thought of packing the transformer if you travel , but if you go for a week or less you do n't need the transformer/cord at all . * Washable . A great feature . Shake out most the hair , give it a shot of soap and water , turn it on , and rinse it off ... good as new . Much more sanitary . * Linear blades . Some readers clearly do n't like the buzz of a linear razor . Me , I like the feel and control over the jawbone , up to the sideburns , and under the nose . Rotary razors are quieter , but I do n't like their fit with my face . I 'm sensitive to noise in general , and the buzz has never bothered me . * Good grip . This razor feels great in the hand.It 's been long enough that there are probably newer models of this razor , but it 's definitely a winner , and definitely made me a Panasonic fan . Look for these features in whatever razor you choose .
 I use this razor everday since I bought it . I travel with it on the road and is easy to charge and clean . I would recommend it for anyone who wants a durable shaver .
 We -LRB- my wife and myself -RRB- heard about Egg Yolk Lecithin from technical reviews on the Radio . After taking the Egg Yolk Lecithin for several months we are convinced that it is superior to standard Lecithin , as we feel better .
 I am a re-purchaser of this item - great , because I am highly sensitive to soy lecithin . Thus , this works great for me !
 I dont usually leave reviews ... However this product deserves one.I also am sensitive to Soy products and this is the only non soy letichin product on the market . Works great if you understand what its good for : -RRB-
 I actually use this for my cats ' hairballs . I have three very long hair cats , and hairballs can be an issue during shedding season . A couple of my cats actually had hairball blockages that got pretty complicated.The vet wanted me to give them a petrolatum based remedy , but not only it didn &#8217; t agree with my IBD cat , I just didn &#8217; t want to give them such an artificial product long term.In researching what raw feeders use , I saw this is what is often recommended -LRB- my cats eat a raw diet -RRB- . It works by emulsifying the fat that ties the hairball together , losing it up and making it easier to pass.It has helped a great deal ! The recommended dosage is capsule 2x a week , but I have worked -LRB- slowly to avoid loose stools issues -RRB- the dose to capsule every other day , and my problem boy 1 capsule every other day.On more extreme cases , it is recommended to add Slippery Elm Bark , Tsp twice a week &#8211; mixed with 2TSP of boiling water &#8211; mix , let it gel up , let it cool off before giving to the kitty &#8211; I mix it with the liquid that comes out of the meat during defrost , but you can make it from tuna juice as well.When it comes to taste , my cats LOVE this ! The texture is very much like egg yolks , so it is kind of hard to take it off the capsules - you kind of need to scrape it off with a little spoon or another small tool .
 I liked this reindeer alot . Just wish it was lit on both sides . It was easy to hang up and easy to connect .
 It is very cute and stays on the window which is a pleasant surprise ! My only complaint is that the cord is short .
 I am using the pull-on and it really helps helps my ankle . I had one before and when I went to get another I could n't find one any place in town , so I was very glad to find it on the internet !! The ads were a little confusing ... some places it said Two and some places it said One . I thought I was getting two for 19.98 so it was more expensive than I expected ... esp with shipping
 I have fibromyalgia and arthritis in both knees . The knees get very swollen . These new TED Stockings are wonderful helping to keep the swelling to a minimum . Thank you so very much !! Great product and Shipping was fast too !!
 I used the fitting guide and a measuring tape to get the right size . I like to wear them to school clinicals . They 're also great on days I sit a lot .
 This vinegar I think is the best of raw apple cider vinegar . It is one of the few which comes in a dark bottle . It has the mother in it and is rather fresh tasting for vinegar
 I am not pregnant and have no plans of getting pregnant but I heard that this helps with hair growth . I have long hair but it 's not as thick as it used to be -LRB- probably due to my unhealthy vegetarian diet I 've kept for a LONG time ... I only ate bad stuff -RRB- and wanted the thickness back . I KNOW it 's genetic but my parents both have really thick hair and I used to as well so I 'm sure I somehow thinned it out . In any case I bought these and then kind of chickened out on taking them consistently because they have a LOT of vitamins in them for just 1 person - especially vitamin A which can kill you if taken too much . So I ca n't really say if they help or not . I 've also heard it 's more about the woman 's hormones when pregnant that help with hair growth not necessarily the vitamin content so I 'm not sure what to do with that . In terms of the size - the vitamin is big but I had no problem swallowing it -LRB- and believe me I used to have a problem swallowing any size pills when I was a kid -RRB- . There is no strange taste if you swallow it so people complaining about taste must be sucking on it . . which is a little weird and not recommended .
 just one tablet a day is the best solution for taking vitamins in a busy schedulle ; the orangy taste makes it much more tolerable than the previous set I got . I am very happy with the purchase , according to my searches the best in the market .
 I have tried a variety of vitamins in general , and variety of prenatal vitamins , both prescription and OTC . I ' v found that most of the prescription ones are okay , but they just contain the basics with limited minerals and some limited vitamins , like biotin . I found these which have a good number of both vitamins and minerals and none in super excess . They are very large , I do n't have any problems with pills , so that 's not a problem for me . I have n't really noticed any after-taste as some reviews have mentioned . And most of all , I have found that these are pretty easy on the stomach . I still have to take them after a meal , or with a small snack to eliminate nausea , but with many other vitamins evern that does n't help ! I would definitly recommend these ! - one small note to the nauseous pregnant women - the smell makes me very queasy , but if you can over the brief opening of the jar , you should be just fine !
 I have used various prenatals before that have cause havoc on my tummy . Rainbow Light are on the medium size -LRB- I 've had bigger pills -RRB- , but easy to swallow because they do n't have a nasty taste if you need to hold it in your mouth for a few seconds or break in half . Other than that con , they are great for sensitive bellies . Make sure you always discuss with your doctor before taking them and/or whether you should continue them .
 This prenatal vitamin is great for those needing a multivitamin whether pre-conception or during pregnancy . I felt so energized and just revived with this all natural vitamin , I refuse to take the prescription version .
 I am still nursing my 4th child and I did n't discover these prenatal vitamins till I was pregnant with my 4th child . I really like them . I do n't have any nausea when I take them . My midwife also highly recommends these to all of her clients .
 I have been taking these for a few months now and I was surprised to read some of the negative reviews on here . I do n't think they have any taste at all and they do not bother my stomach thats why I keep taking them.If you swallow it with orange juice you do n't taste anything . I do however do not like the size . They are very large so I cut it up into at least 4 pieces .
 This is my third pregnancy and I 'm glad I finally found a prenatal vitamin that is not full of chemicals and its nice to know what they put in their vitamins as well . I 'm 8 weeks pregnant and I 've been taking these prenatal vitamins for about 6 weeks now . I haven noticed my morning sickness lesson at all , but as long as my baby is getting all the right nutrition I can live with the morning sickness . Just to warn you , you have to take six a day and the pills are n't small either . I 'm sure that has to do with all the nutrition they are packing in the pills , but I have to take 2 three times a day and they hit my gag reflex every time . Any pill would do that during my first trimester though , which is why I 'm rating this as 5 stars .
 I am a vegetarian and I was so happy to find these vitamins . All of the samples that the doctor gives have pork , beef , and so many chemicals in them . These are all natural , and they 're vegan . At first I was buying them at the wrong health food store , and paying too much , but now I get them at a larger chain , and in the 90 count bottle . I never noticed them to make me sick , besides the time I tried to crush one in a sandwich because they 're so big . Right before I finish a meal , I pop one in and always try to wash it down with something else besides water . If I have some left , after delivery , I plan to still take them a few times a week .
 This is a subtle Nag Champa with hints of Vanilla . Gorgeous scent ! I highly recommend it to any incense lover . You 'll definitely buy it more than once .
 The day I found out I was pregnant I rushed to the nearest natural grocery store to get prenatals . I was very happy using the Rainbow Light One a Days - no sickness , easy to digest with or without food -LRB- I often took them on an empty stomach -RRB- . I stopped using them at the recommendation of my midwife , who put me on a healthier vitamin plan -LRB- many different vitamins with each meal throughout the day -RRB- . An yes it is a fairly large pill but not uncomfortable for an adult to swallow .
 I used to take the Spring Valley prenatals when I was TTC but switched to these after I got pregnant because I was dizzy a lot and suspected low iron to be the culprit.Once I started taking these the dizzies went away ! I think I do better with the form of iron in these vitamins . I was also experiencing a little bit of nausea and that went away too . Although I ca n't be for sure that it was due to these vitamins , I do n't think they hurt . I also no longer suffer `` iron burps '' and can take this pill any time of day -LRB- I had to take my old ones at night to avoid nausea -RRB- . They are big and a bit smelly , but I swallow them with a glass of milk -LRB- I 'm not a vegan -RRB- and I do n't have any problems getting them down.I also like the added digestion probiotics . I have n't suffered any constipation yet and I 'm in my 3rd trimester.I think these vitamins are great for the price and I would highly recommend to anyone .
 I am a huge Rainbow Light fan . I started taking these prenatal vitamins while I was trying to get pregnant , took them through my whole pregnancy and post natal too . I just love them . I love that they are all natural and contain * extras * not found in any other vitamins like - super greens , enzymes , ginger -LRB- for nasuea -RRB- , raspberry leaves , etc. . I 've never had trouble swallowing the pills . Highly recommend !
 I really like this vitamin brand I really like this one a day prenatal vitamin . The first bottle I bought was the &#34; petit &#34; version and not only did I have to take 3 a day , but they also smelled really strong and made me gag in my first trimester because of the smell/taste . These are a little larger , but that 's not a problem for me and they do n't smell/taste weird . They are also pretty gentle on the stomach if I forget and take them on a not exactly full stomach .
 this Vitamins were the best choice for my pregnancy ! - 10 stars!I felt absolutely great ! yet I would still advise moms to be take additional Fish oil -LRB- or flax seed -RRB- , Iron at 2nd trimester , Lutein , and &#34; Calcium , D3 , Magnesium , B6 &#34; -LRB- at night -RRB- - last ones really helped me with muscles cramps.of course consult your doctor . . : -RRB- 1 - star for the supplier 's shipping cost . I had to order second bottle and paid $ 20 just for the shipping :-LRB- - well too bad I did n't know about iherbs.com which delivers world wide for $ 4-8I learned my mistake and I hope it will help you mommies who left US ... :-RRB- cheers !
 The wife love them past full term on 1st child . Good for iron and everything a woman needs for everyday
 I am so happy that I purchased these vitamins . I have felt extremely nauseous after taking other types of vitamins , but these are easy on my stomach . I still eat something when taking them , but it can be small -LRB- granola bar , banana -RRB- so I 'm not worried about getting hit with a giant wall of nausea.These do not have the recommended amount of calcium in them . They also do n't have DHA , but this is n't an issue ... I just supplement with the others -LRB- after much research , there was n't a vitamin that had every quality that I was looking for . This is the best -RRB- . DHA recommendation : Prenatal DHA - Unflavored - 180 - Softgel
 Perfect vitamins.You can not beat 1 multivitamin a day ! I used them with both of my kids and I 'm still using because i 'm still breastfeeding . The price is always better , on amazon then at my whole foods : - -RRB-
 From researching about prenatal vitamins , I read these are really good . The only complaint is some days I have a hard time swallowing them . I was taking a multivitamin which is a bit smaller with no problem . However the Rainbow Light multivitamin is a little larger and sometimes hard to swallow . It also lacks a coating where the texture is rough compared to other smooth vitamins I 've tried . I noticed if you let it linger in your mouth , it will start to have that dissolving feeling which I think is part of the reason why I 'm having trouble.I would love to buy this product again if it was reduced to 2 smaller pills a day !
 I was very happy with the ingredients of these vitamins -- my only complaint is that , like most prenatal vitamins , they are so big and annoying to swallow . Rainbow Light also makes mini-prenatal vitamins designed to be taken 3-a-day , but they are much more expensive , so I stuck with these . I would recommend them to others and take them again in a subsequent pregnancy .
 These vitamins are amazing ! I 'm not expecting ; just love these vitamins ! They have helped my skin , nails , and hair tremendously ! They also hv alot of vitamins a women needs . I hv compared these to other prenatal and multivitamins , and these are , by far , the best !
 This does n't make your stomache queesy like some . It has a probiotic and ginger root in it as well . It is great . The price did jump a lot from the last time I got it , -LRB- 4 months ago -RRB- but it is worth it .
 Happy to find them at a reasonable cost & unbeatable with Prime shipping ! Gluten-free and they do n't make me nauseous like some other multivitamins.So far I have not experienced the gas issues that some other reviewers report , but I have only been taking them for a month so maybe it takes a while . For now - this is my vitamin of choice !
 Love Love Love this product because I can take them on an empty stomach and not have any sickness whatsoever . Worked for both pregnancies .
 I have taken these for years , and have heard some prenatals make you constipated , but these definitely kept me regular , so nothing to gripe about here . Love them , and they seem to do their job - my first kid was healthy : -RRB-
 I have been taking these vitamins for about 2 years now and love them . They have given me no problems . I take them with food though every day , not on an empty stomach . My doctor 's office sells them at the front desk so I know they 're great quality . Definitely recommend .
 I notice that I 'm not as tired when I take these multi vitamins . We are trying to conceive so hopefully these will set the stage . The only thing I do n't like is the smell of them -- it 's personal preference -- but they started smelling like Flinstones vitamins to me after a while and I hate the smell of those things . LOL . I just swallow them quickly every morning and have no issues .
 I think most prenatals will do just fine . My first baby was a cinch on prenatals from the local drugstore brand . However , when I was pregnant with her I became gestational diabetic , and after having her it stuck around so I am diabetic and more sensitive to health supplement issues . I was looking for an option that fit my budget , was once a day , food based , and had real vitamin e. I am heavily monitored and supervised as much as I wanted a low-intervention pregnancy both times , but that was not an option for me , so this is as close to my `` natural '' pregnant self as I can get . I am on a very restrictive , very medically monitored high protein/low carbohydrate high vegetable/lean meat diet for managing my infant 's size and health -LRB- diabetics have higher infant mortality and fetal demise due to `` large body '' infants born with low lung and brain development , so I have to be extra careful -RRB- , so I am not worried about vitamin A and Iron , which some people have said are low in this particular vitamin.I liked the fact that these were available at my local high end grocery , and when I realized they were on Amazon , I bought the bigger bottle . I do n't have problems with big pills . I was shocked that these have low level lead , but since then , I 've educated myself . I probably had more lead in the prenatals I had taken for my first pregnancy , and my daughter is fine at age 5.5 , plus I live in an older home.With this pregnancy , I was nauseated for the first 4 months . That was when I switched to these tablet vitamins , because I was already on zofran and wanted a supplement with ginger in it , and only once a day -LRB- my prior vitamins were 2X a day . -RRB- I think they work great , do n't nauseate me , do n't interact with my food or my medications -LRB- insulin , labetelol , pepcid -RRB- So far so good , we are scheduled for induction tomorrow , and I plan to take these for the year I breastfeed .
 I have taken these for my 1st pregnancy and will always continue to take them ... I love that they are all natural and i will use them instead of a regular multivitamin ! I take them with orange juice that contains pulp so they will go down easy : -RRB-
 I have been taking these vitamins for about 2 years now , They are great . They have good quality ingredients and are gentle on the stomach . Sometimes i have issues with certain vitamins because they just do not sit well in your stomach . I would recommend any of the rainbow light products . My husband takes the Men 's Just Once as well and he loves them .
 The wife ran out of these Rainbow Light Just Once Prenatal pills earlier this week . We took the empty bottle to Walgreens , Safeway , CVS , etc and compared the nutritionial information , and were disappointed that the others either did not seem to be as potent as this one or did not contain natural ingredients like this one does . The wife did n't want those and also refused the heavily-discounted ones from our hospital . She 's worried these will either not work as well or might make her nauseous , or they require more than one pill per day . She ABSOLUTELY insisted on this brand and ONLY this brand ! So , I just bought a refill with one-day shipping to make sure it gets here tomorrow . That 's how much she loves this .
 I am using this product because it 's the only prenatal that does n't upset my stomach.Very gentle , yet still provides all the vitamins and minerals I need.Great product .
 This prenatal vitamin gives me energy and it does n't upset my stomach at all ! I would recommend it to anyone that has trouble with nausea after taking a vitamin . I am not even trying to get pregnant yet but wanted to build up all my reserves beforehand and I plan to take this vitamin long after I get pregnant and deliver .
 These are the best prenatal vitamins I have purchased . To have a once a day vitamin with all of the normal essential doses for a prenatal PLUS probiotics is fantastic ! Since taking these vitamins I noticed more energy and more regularity . Definitely recommend . The only down side is the VERY thin coating , so swallow them fast !
 Before I got pregnant I was using a different brand of prenatal vitamins , But then I got pregnant ... . I did n't have any typical pregnancy symptoms UNTIL I tried to take a prenatal vitamin . I would promptly throw it up within 30 minutes . I tried different brands , quantities , and taking them in every possible way imaginable -LRB- ground up , with milk , in the middle of a large meal , morning , afternoon , evening , right before bed , with a large glass of milk as I laid down for bed -RRB- . I easily tried 4-6 different brands of prenatal vitamins . My stomach just did not want them . That 's when I stumbled on these by chance . And lo and behold , I took them without a problem . Seriously I did n't even need to take them in a `` special way '' just popped one without any side affects . I think once I might have taken it in the middle of my night -LRB- I 'm a flight attendant so , time zones can mess with pill schedules -RRB- and my stomach was a bit upset , but did n't upchuck which is still saying something.Try these . They are easy on your digestion and even more of a plus they wo n't back you up either .
 I LOVE these prenatals ! Not only do they not upset my stomach , they actually seem to help settle things down , and promote regularity -LRB- which is hard to come by when 9 months pregnant ! -RRB- Also , I ran out of them for over a week once , and when I started taking them again I really noticed a difference in my energy level , moods , and mental clarity . I definitely feel better when I take these . I tried a couple of other prenatals first , but these work the best and I only have to remember one pill per day . I 'm going to keep taking these as my daily mutlivitamin long after baby comes .
 I have never had a multivitamin that I could take without either feeling nauseated or vomitting . This one is great . I am getting ready to buy my 3rd bottle . I 've never EVER finished a bottle of multivitamins before . The fact that it is 100 % natural is just the icing on the cake .
 Love these . Unlike other natural prenatal vitamins where you have to choke down 2-3 a day , it 's just one easy pill . Love the probiotics in it too . I still take them everyday .
 Since this prenatal is plant and food based , it was super easy on my stomach . I could not keep down the over the counter ones from the pharmacy . I still take them after delivery because they are so great for skin , hair , and nails :-RRB- Just a small note
 I have been taking these vitamins for almost a year now , and I have been very satisfied with this product . Previous to purchasing them , I was taking a daily multivitamin without iron , and a separate iron pill . The iron pill always seemed to do a number on my stomach and often made me nauseated . I have had zero stomach upset from these vitamins , and they still contain 167 % of my daily iron needs . I am a vegan who follows a mostly organic , whole foods diet , but take a daily vitamin as extra insurance that I am getting everything that I need . As well , we are planning to start a family in the not-to-distant future so taking a prenatal vitamin is a good idea for me right now . It is recommended that women start taking a prenatal vitamin with folic acid three months before conceiving , so if pregnancy is in your near future do n't hesitate to start taking them now.I love the subscribe and save program offered by amazon for this product . It pretty much guarantees that I wo n't ever run out of vitamins , and they are delivered right to my mailbox at a very reasonable price . Highly recommended !!
 Love the product for the price and the volume . Probably the best best I can find online for the Prenatal victamin !
 This is a great product for anyone with a sensitive stomach . My husband and I are planning to try for a baby very soon . So I decided to get a head start on vitamins . I 've been taking them for 2 weeks now with no side affects . I definitely recommend this brand !!
 I 've used these with both my pregnancies . I like being able to take just ONE multi a day and know I 'm getting everything I need . Good quality , and the price I got on Amazon sure beats the price at the local grocery store !
 These are great nutritionally and a good price but they were a little hard to digest and I found myself needing to take some Metamucil daily to help keep me regular .
 She had issues with other Prenatals but after careful reviewing I chose this one for her , and she loves it . No upset stomach or other side affects she had from other brands . Not much else to say but try it for yourself .
 The pills are very large ! If you have a hard time swallowing pills , this may not be the one for you !
 These vitamins are by far the best ! I do not have a taste for animal products . I was never a big meat eater as a child and it increased into adult hood with everything except a tad of honey in my tea . I can count on my hand the number of times a month I eat animal products in small amounts . Although I eat what most people would consider exceptionally healthy , I still have nutritional gaps.These vitamins have made me feel great and I picked them not only for the nutritional profile but , the reviews have stated its easy on the tummy . Be it , if I take it with or without food , my stomach has always been fine and trust me I have tried my share of multivitamins and all except this one has caused problems if I did not take it with a huge meal ! Its nice to be able to take it in the morning!As far as the size goes , they are a bit large , but by no means are a `` horse pill '' . If large pills are a problem , I recommendRainbow Light Prenatal Petite Mini tablets . You do have to take three of those a day though.The taste may not be fun to some who are use to the chocolate-chews and gummy bear vitamins , but remember Rainbow Light vitamins are all natural with no added `` gunk '' , so they are a lot better for you in all ways ! Safe for vegans and meat eaters alike ! I heart these !
 I have a special diet -LRB- I have celiacs and I 'm also a vegetarian -RRB- and it 's very hard to find a vegetarian vitamin that is also gluten free . All the vitamins at health food stores say you must take at least 6-8 a day ! I could barely get 2 a day down because of my morning sickness , so I was worried that I was n't even getting enough nutrients . This vitamin works the same as its `` 6 a day '' relative that you can find in natural grocers , however , it 's just taking one a day . I found it to be very gentle on my stomach -LRB- it did n't make the morning sickness worse -RRB- - and it tended to give me more energy and calm my stomach , especially if I took it early in the day , like during a mid-morning snack.The tablets are n't that small , but they also were n't too big , and I did n't have a hard time swallowing them -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . I also really like that there are n't a bunch of weird additives , and questionable ingredients , like a lot of vitamins do.All in all , I really love this product , and I highly recommend it to anyone , especially if they have dietary sensitivities like I do . It is a little pricier than non-natural brands , but it 's quality greatly outweighs the price .
 I was taking this vitamin before i even got pregnant to build up my folic acid . This pill was great it is gentle on stomach just as long as you dont take it on a empty stomach while your pregnant . The pill is a bit large - but keep in mind its a once a day vitamin . Id rather take one big one then 3 small ones . This pill did not constipate me or anything . Im ordering my second bottle , i recommend this to everyone .
 All my life my parents made me take one supplement or another and none of them ever made me feel any different . I had these recommended to me for my third pregnancy and I reluctantly ordered them , conceding that I needed a multivitamin to help insure a safe and healthy pregnancy . I was shocked and excited to find that , not only did they NOT make me sick or constipated , they actually made me feel more vibrant , healthy , energetic and even calm . I am continuing to take them while I 'm breastfeeding and ca n't say enough good things about them . You wo n't be disappointed !
 My wife has been taking different pre-natal/multi vitamins since she 's been pregnant , and has settled on this one . I think she took the wal-mart brand multi -LRB- which I believe is Centrum -RRB- and threw it up almost every time . She would wait until dinner time to take it and still had a difficult time keeping it down . Then her mother bought her some very expensive organic 2-a-day prenatal vitamin that seemed fine , but there was no way to fit a $ 70 - 30 day supply vitamin into our budget with all the dr bills we were saving for . So I reviewed this one and decided to buy it for her because it was reasonably priced , most of you ladies that reviewed it liked it . Not to mention it was only 1 pill , Once a day.She likes it . It 's an average size pill that 's kinda smells funky . She still chooses to take it at dinner time , or no sooner than lunch time . I do n't think she has ever thrown one up . She 'll continue to take one during the lactation period of our son 's life too .
 I got my wife these pills for an incredible deal , 90 pills for 10 bucks . That offer seems to have gone away but they 're still an amazing bargain at $ 15 because of their quality . My wife started taking these and within a few days she told me that she feels more energy , feels cleaner , and feels an all around positive difference . We are not expecting , but these vitamins are doing a great job of keeping her healthy and preparing her body for when it happens.Now , to address concerns by other reviewers ... The smell . I stuck my nose in the bottle and took a big whiff , these pills smell fine . They smell like plants pretty much , no wierd pungency or animal product rancidity , just herbal plantyness . Granted . . when pregnant smells get wierder.The size . These pills are the size of pills . Whoever said they were big must be used to tic tacs . When pregnant you might not feel like taking a pill , but you should do it anyway because it 's good for you and baby.The taste . I havent taken one , cuz i 'd feel silly doing that , but my wife has no complaints about taste.For price , purity , and effectiveness , I do n't think you 're going to find a better deal . Buy these , the 90 count seems to be the most vitamin for your dollar .
 These are the GOLD STANDARD for vitamins . I 'm not just talking about prenatals here ; all `` RAINBOW LIGHT '' brand vitamins are THE BEST you can buy . How do I know ? I 've tried them . AND , I keep trying to find something better-but ca n't ! I 'm always looking , comparing ingredients , testing them out , and you know what ? They 're worth every -LRB- slightly more expensive than regular one-a-days -RRB- penny ! I sleep better , digest better , have more energy , mental clarity , my skin is better , and of course with the prenatals , I know I 'm getting all nutrients I need from them . When I forget to take these for a couple of days , I notice the difference . See for yourself ! I have recommended them to almost everyone I know when the topic of vitamins comes up . You will LOVE THEM . I sure do !
 I love these vitamins . I started taking them about 4 years ago . I had read to start prenantals a year before trying to conceive . Anyway , it took me a long time to get pregnant due to other issues , so I have been taking them for a long time , and plan to continue them forever as I feel so much better with them.After a week or so of taking these vitamins , I started to feel much better than I ever had before . I had not taken a vitamin before and eat junk , so maybe any vitamin would have had the same results , but I used to have a lot of stomach aches and they stopped after using this vitamin.Also , i never had any trouble with them upsetting my stomach.That said , the pills are VERY large . Also they do not taste that good . Neither of these issues both me , but could be a concern for others.Also , I do n't think they contain a stool softener . The vitamins themselves never caused constipation for me , but now at 7 months pregnant , I am having some issues from the pregnancy -LRB- not the vitamins -RRB- and need to take something separate .
 I took the Rainbow Light Complete prenatal vitamins for most of my pregnancy , but at 81/2 months decided I could switch from a 6-a-day vitamin to a 1-a-day vitamin . I had a completely uneventful pregnancy with no morning sickness and attribute that to good luck and the Rainbow Light formula . I 've been on this one-a-day for a couple weeks and have no complaints . I have not experienced any aftertaste whatsoever , so I really have no idea what the other reviewers could be talking about . As for the size - I looked at many different prenatal vitamins and they all look huge . I have n't had a problem swallowing them , maybe it 's from all the practice with the 6-a-day formula -LRB- which were smaller , but I gagged on constantly -RRB- . They do not upset my stomach and appear to be a good formula - although I did n't research brands . I switched to this one-a-day because I had been using the different Rainbow Light formula with no problems .
 These are great vitamins . I have been taking them for 3 years now ; started taking them when we were trying to conceive , and all through my pregnancy and bfing our child . I love that they are 1-a-day vitamins , especially in the early months of pregnancy when I was very nauseous I was able to take just the one with lunch and be set on vitamins for the day . They are also very easy on the body since they are in the most easily digestible forms -LRB- chelated -RRB- for gentle absorbtion -LRB- not like a lot of prescriptions that have really hard forms of vitamins - especially the iron -RRB- . I highly recommend them .
 I like the nutrients derived from food-based sources and only the need to take the vitamin only once a day , which is easier and more manageable for me to follow and not having to keep track . I also like another more expensive brand like New Chapter perfect prenatal , which is also food-based , however I would have to take 3 pills a day to get the daily dose , which I often missed with a busy schedule . So for more reasonable and affordable price , convenience , and comparable nutrients , I prefer and have been using Rainbow Light just once prenatal for the last two years .
 This is the only vitamin my wife likes . She said it never made her nauseous even if she did n't eat when she took it . She said it was very gentle on her stomach and she did n't want to think what it would be like being pregnant without it . It is a bit pricey , but you get what you pay for . This is definitely something to splurge on . Your little one deserves the best . Even though they are large , she said they were quite easy to swallow and did n't hurt her throat .
 I really like these ! With the subscribe & save option I have not been able to find a lower price at any box stores . I did a some research on recommended vitamin levels for prenatal 's & compared tons of labels on a number of different brands . This one seems to check all the boxes and is supper gentle on my stomach . I can take them with or with out food . This is saying a lot because I 've never been able to take regular multivitamins on a empty stomach .
 I really enjoy knowing i 'm taking a good vitamin . I cant afford the pricy vitamins they carry these days , but these are just right for my budget . I love the ingredients . Just what I need to grow a healthy baby : -RRB-
 I decided to take these as my prenatal vitamin for the duration of my pregnancy . I 've almost finished my first 150 count bottle and plan to order another . In terms of cost , this product delivers a lot more than other products of a similar price-range . And , unlike a lot of other vitamins , you only need to take one a day . This was the biggest appeal for me since I have problems remembering to take one pill , much less two or three a day . The only reason I rate this product at four stars instead of five is because while they claim that the pills are easy on your stomach , the details of their labling clearly state that you need to take these pills with food . The only time I vomited during my whole first trimester was because I took one of these pills on an empty stomach . Otherwise I 've been very happy with their performance and have found that they dont exacerbate my heartburn .
 Thank you for the quick service ! Happy to find these vitamins for less than typical pharmacy prices :-RRB- The expiration date is 2 years away , which is also a plus -- I do n't have to worry about them expiring before I finish them !
 Both my chiropractor and acupuncturist said that this is a fabulous prenatal . I now Rainbow Light 's organic prenatal though because it 's even better !
 I have been taking Rainbow light for year - pregnant and then forward . I have found no need to switch and have a ton of confidence in this company that has only grown since I first started taking them.Love this muti !
 After doing a lot of review reading here on various pre-natal vitamins I went with these and have no regrets . They dissolve well and I have not had any indigestion or burping with them . They are not any bigger than the multi-vitamin I was taking before pregnancy , and I do n't have a problem swallowing the pill . I ordered them on Amazon because they had the lowest price , but it did take about 2 weeks to arrive after they shipped .
 Baby planning and doctor recommended I take a prenatal vitamin even though I am not pregnant . This is the only vitamin I will take - its really affordable on Amazon - and conveniently automatically ships you refills .
 I like this prenatal vitamin even better than the one I used previously , this one really does n't smell bad and make me gag , and I love that you can take just one and be done with it .
 I tried lots of prenatal vitamins -LRB- solid and liquid -RRB- and found these to be my favorite . Most upset my stomach or required too many doses . These were the gentlest by far . I 've continued to take them while nursing and am still very happy with them .
 I have been taking this vitamin since I got pregnant -LRB- about 8 months now -RRB- . I never have had any problems with it . They are a little large , but they do n't have a bad aftertaste or bad burping effect . The only thing is that they are a little low on the iron they contain , but I take another supplement for that .
 I guess they are cheaper than most of the good brand multi vitamins out there . I bought them as they had good reviews , and there were no side-effects for my wife .
 This is a great prenatal vitamin . I 'm not currently pregnant to know how it will work with my pregnancy but so far so good ! The only thing is the pill is rather big and it takes me a few times to get it down . Overall it 's great and the best part is it 's only taken once a day .
 I 've been taking these with the DHA pill that completes the folic acid requirement and I 've had no problems with them at all . They smell nice , taste just fine and have caused no stomach issues at all . Would highly recommend .
 I have a very sensitive stomach and can not take any multi vitamin . I take these in the regular and prenatal . I only take the prenatal to grow my hair and nails . I have used these vitamins for a couple years now and they do not bother my stomach . Well worth the price for me as the Dr says to stay on a multi vitamin . I will purchase them again and again . Cheaper here than anywhere .
 Have used this product for the last 2 years without problems . I have gotten rashes in the past from other multivitamins , but have had no issues or concerns with this product . Would recommend to others .
 These are the best vitamins I 've come across ! They are gentle on the stomach and have all the nutrients I need .
 I have been taking this vitamins for around 6 months . I had been paying over $ 150/mo before that for other brand that has EXACT SAME INGREDIENTS AS RAINBOW LIGHT , I ca n't say enough about this vitamins , they make me feel great , have great energy , curve my cravings and the price is ridiculous . My husband and I had been trying to conceive for three years and did a lot of treatments that did n't work . We decided to forget about drugs and started juicing and I cut off dairy products and meats only used sparingly . After about 6 months my period regulated , I felt happy and peaceful and got pregnant . I 'm 18 weeks and very healthy . I 'm confident this vitamins are part of it and recommend them to all my friends .
 For the first time in my life , I am able to take a multi-vitamin without becoming sick afterward , even when taking them on an empty stomach . Swallowing large pills is not a problem for me , and I have experienced no ill side effects . The slight odor is all but unnoticeable to me .
 Great price , shipped quickly . I find it 's not necessary to buy name brand for products like this . Generic works great and is much cheaper .
 Super product . I am using this since last 1.5 yrs now . I am a nursing mom rite now and I tell you its perfect multi-vitamin in the market . I am a pure Vegetarian so I love this product . No other product claims this much vegetarian content even though they are organic .
 I took this vitamin through my whole pregnancy and will certainly use it again . I did n't have much trouble with morning sickness -LRB- I know I was lucky -RRB- , but this vitamin was never a problem . I really like that it is natural and food based . I recommend it !
 I love this stuff ! The pill is huge , but once you get over that it 's great . Once a day helps with my busy schedule and it does n't make me feel sick because I the iron . I have used this product throughout my pregnancy and nursing and would use it again !
 I take it for the vitamin I was taking it everyday for the iron . The downside is it is constipating and the iron does give you a bad smell in your mouth . I would cut down to 2x or 3x a week instead of everyday and mixing with regular vitamins
 I have tried several multivitamins and now for the last two years it is the only one I buy . While no I am not pregnant I have issues with leg cramps and this was a recommendation from my doctor . I love it and recommend to anyone who asks-and even those who do n't . Amazon has the best price out there by far and it is true you get what you pay for .
 My midwife recommended these because the Rx vitamins I was on were making me ill . I LOVE these and the organic version .
 I took these throughout my pregnancy and got another bottle for Breastfeeding . No negative side effects , always easy to take with food .
 When you 've got to do vitamins they ca n't usually be enjoyable but I 've tried a few and this definitely falls on the more tolerable side of things . These are my new vitamins for life ! I do n't give it 5 stars only because I have yet to meet a vitamin that deserves 5 stars .
 As it says it is really gentle on stomach . I just wish that it had more ingredient as compared to prescribed ones . But then again for prescribed ones you may 3-4 times more with insurance .
 I have tried many different daily multi-vitamins and this is my favorite . It 's flavor is n't too strong , it has no added colors , and is food based . Swallowing pills in general can make one nauseated and pregnancy itself brings all sorts of issues - I have never found anything to blame on Rainbow Light 's products .
 I have used this many times and will keep using it . I have researched many products , and this one has the best ingredients and the best price among all . And it not only the best , but also does not have any unnecessary or harmful content , so your body is receiving a very healthy dose .
 I bought this prenatal when I ran out of my Trader Joe 's bottle and could n't order it online . I figured out that it was pretty much the same formulation . This one is great ! It has a series of natural ingredients that make the vitamin gentle on your stomach , as I have never had any nausea as a result . It 's also super convenient that you only need to take one per day . I take mine in the evenings after dinner and I have had no problems .
 I have been using these pills for over 7 months now and have not had a single day of discomfort . I am 5 months pregnant right now , with no morning sickness and the `` once a day '' formula makes this so much better.Pros
 I 'm not a vitamin wuss . Or at least I was n't before these . Overall my review is positive , these are great vitamins as far as what you get in the whole package once a day -LRB- which is a nice perk -RRB- . However , after a month of taking them , I could barely bring myself to swallow them . It was n't the size so much as the roughness of the pill . There was no smoothness to it . Just hard for me to get down . I finished the bottle and ordered something else that I take 3X a day that is smaller and very smooth -LRB- still natural -RRB- . If you do n't mind slightly larger , rough pills - I would highly recommend this ! If you think you might have an aversion , go for more times a day or a different pill .
 I was overall happy with the purchase of these vitamins . I did n't have a problem taking them ... until probably halfway through the bottle . I just got so tired of pill popping -LRB- between this and DHA , and others -RRB- , that these started to make me gag a little . The edges are just a little rough vs a large pill that is smooth.However , they never gave me any illness and it sure is nice to take one a day . But after my bottle ran out , I switched back to 3X day . I also personally just thought spreading the dose of vitamins out during the day might also be beneficial -LRB- and I do n't have a problem remembering -RRB- . Overall I would recommend these though ! A great dose of everything you need in a natural form -LRB- no colors , additives , etc -RRB- .
 i was taking some other pre-natl vitamins before i found this one . The other stuff was sort of making me gag after i would take them . So i decided to look for something with a good review and decided to try this and i have love it since . Its true the pill is huge but you only need to take it once a day unlike the other stuff which requires that you take it up to 3 times a day ... what hassel ... this one also has a good amount of calcium in it . Just ask my chunky and healthy 1 year old nursing daughter ... she would recommend this product too ...
 Great vitamin . Its easy on the stomach . I take it in the afternoon and I feel great all day .
 price and product are the best ever ! i would not use any other prenatal vitamin out there !
 I began taking these about two months before I got pregnant , and continue to take them even after giving birth -LRB- my child is now eight months , and still nursing -RRB- . This vitamin has all of the recommended amounts for prenatal vitamins , and has never once upset my stomach . I will probably still take this even after I am done nursing and having children . Great price too , I used to buy them at a different site , in a 30 count supply for $ 5 , but this is much cheaper . My husband also takes the Men 's Rainbow Light Multi and he likes them , too .
 Works good . Gental on stomach . All natural . Did not make me sick . Not pink ! Definetely buying again .
 i like these because they digest , there gentle on the stomach , and i did n't puck them up in the the early month 's , i felt good taking these , i recommend these for the pregnant women , who ca n't keep anything down , the ginger really help 's .
 I bought these since they had no animal products trace in them ... yes there are a little bit big but I have no problems taking them ... I just like the fact that they are the closest to nature that is possible .
 My husband and I are looking to start a family soon and I wanted to start early on the vitamins . Especially that folic acid ! I am not very good at remembering to take pills so a one-a-day was crucial for me . I keep them on the kitchen counter and take them in the evenings , usually after dinner.The Rainbow Prenatal One tablets are a tad big , but that 's to be expected . Aside from a light hesitation I have n't had any trouble swallowing them . They have a nice nature smell to them . . I ca n't think of a better way to describe it ! Not much of a taste at all , but I 'd have to describe that as kind of grassy . . in a good way . I like it.I 've had no issues with stomach pain or discomfort after taking them , no side effects at all that I can detect . . Even when I take the pill well after meals.All in all I am very satisfied with the tablets and I 've signed up for Amazon 's subscription program to have them delivered every three months . With the Amazon Prime membership it 's a no-brainer . . 15 % off and I 'll never forget to get my vitamins again !
 I 'm so glad to have found these . I was taking a different brand prenatal vitamins , which were about the same size , 3 at a time , twice a day . With those I HAD to take them with food . Now I can just take one whenever , with or without food -LRB- although sometimes I notice a bad flavor if I do n't take them with food -- extra liquid helps a lot though -RRB- . Also , since there 's only one pill , my urine does n't get quite so bright yellow or smelly.Easy to swallow with liquid , great price , only have to purchase every three months , great mix of vitamins and minerals plus digestive supplement , does not repeat on me .
 This is my first pregnancy , so I do n't have a whole lot to compare to - but I really do love these prenatal vitamins ! Prior to receiving them in the mail , I was just taking my regular women 's multivitamin . This was the time when I had my morning sickness and nausea throughout the day and I felt terrible . Ever since getting and taking my Rainbow Light Just Once prenatals , I have felt wonderful with little to no nausea ! I ca n't necessarily say for a fact that the vitamins make me feel better , but I think they did . One day when I forgot to take one when I normally do , I ended up feeling pretty awful . These have not upset my stomach whatsoever , they are very easy for me to take , and they do n't taste or smell that bad . One other benefit I have noticed is they have kept me very regular , which is always a good thing ! If you 're used to taking a multivitamin , you should not have trouble with these . I 'm glad I made the purchase !
 as the name indicates , you take only one huge tablet a day . it does have strong smell and leaves after taste if you hold it a little in your mouth . my solutions is to take it with milk right before bed time.i did not seem to help my nausea or other stomach symptoms as it claims but still is the first vitamin that i could ever take for such a long time and tolerate it . i am planning to take it also while breastfeeding .
 These vitamins are great for expecting moms . They are easy on the stomach and you only need to take one a day . They are a little large however , so some may have difficulty swallowing them . I just cut them in half and it does the trick .
 After researching , reviewing and comparing so many Prenatal Multi Vitamins , we zeroed in on this one.My wife has been using these for the past eight months and they are really great . She uses these along with Rainbow Light DHA . They are very gentle and absolutely no side effects.It is made of natural ingredients.The percentages of some of the vitamins are much more than Daily recommended values like Vitamin E more than 300 % of DV and Vitamin B1 and B1 greater than 500 % ! etc. , I wondered initially if these high dosages are really required . But the product is good , no side effects , easily digestable . Amazon has best prices on these.Will definitely recommend it .
 Well , my 3rd pregnancy with these prenatals & I just have to say they are awesome ! Both my girls came out extreamly healthy , perfect little beings as well as all my sisters babes . No problem to swallow either . Super fast shipment . And it 's only once a day ... Heck Yeah !!!
 These are the only vitamins that I can take that do n't make me nauseous . If I take any other type I have to take them right before bed and hope I fall asleep fast . I can take these vitamins any time during the day-with or without food !
 I 'm TTC and have been taking these vitamins for a few months . They do have a vitamin smell , but that is expected with any good vitamin . They areeee on the larger side , but you only need to take one ! I switched to the Rainbow Lite Prenatal Petite Mini 's for a while , but you have to take three of those . While they areee smaller , it 's so much easier to just take the one big vitamin . Especially if you dislike the taste , it 's just easier and less painful to choke down the one . I really loathe taking pills , but taking the one is n't so bad ... especially when you know what it 's for !! = -RRB-
 these are one of the top food based vitamins doctors and natural doctors recommend . i chose to take these instead of any other brand because of the price . and i LOVED them ! i can take them on empty stomach and be just fine . i had a very terrible morning -LRB- better to say `` all day '' -RRB- sickness , coud n't keep down any food and even water some times of about 4 months . ii could still take these vitamiins right before i went to bed and they never made me sick . i also started getting compliments about my nails and hair . i gave birth 4 months ago and i still keep taking these vitamins and feel GREAT !
 My husband and I are hoping to start a family soon . I bought and returned two other brands of prenatal vitamins after learning there were certain amounts of ingredients that were either too much , too little , or possibly harmful -LRB- e.g. , Ginseng , -LSB- ... -RSB- . I try not to base my decisions on reviews , but I found an overwhelming amount of positive feedback on this vitamin . I was especially drawn to the fact that it is 100 % natural and includes probiotics . The only essential it is missing is EPA/DHA -LRB- Omega 3 & 6 -RRB- but I already had a large supply of those supplements in my cabinet so I simply take one of each every day . I find myself having more energy every day , even after not sleeping well the night before . In closing , I would highly recommend this vitamin to anybody who wants to make sure they get the correct amount of supplements crucial to the development and well-being of their newest family member!Peace -
 I 've tried a number of vitamin , but this one is by far the best ! I take it at night , right before bed and have no adverse reactions in doing so . Other vitamins , you 'd be amped up for hours taking it right before bed . Ive used these vitamins for both of my pregnancies , last one was twins , and everything was perfect . I felt very confident I was giving my babies the best and continue to do so , as I am nursing 4 month old twins . The only potential con is that these vitamins are larger than most . Trust me though , get over the first few uncomfortable days and the payoff is worth it ! You 'll feel amazing ... you 'll feel the difference . I will continue to take these even after I 'm done nursing !
 I tried another generic brand of prenatal pills that always made me feel ill , even if I had food in my stomach . I take these at night , usually hours after I finished dinner and have never had any problems with a queasy stomach . The other prenatal vitamins would actually make me sick enough to wake me up . Do n't get me wrong , it takes practice to get these horse pills down - if I do n't get them down with a big swig of water in the first gulp , they have a tendency to make me choke and gag just because they are so huge , but I have never had a problem with the smell or taste . And I do n't know if it is the pills or the pregnancy , but my skin has never looked better !
 I started taking these when I was pregnant with twins . After they were born I ran out and bought a different brand ; within a few days of the generic vitamin my fingernails started breaking ! I ordered more Rainbow Light vitamins and feel so much better and my fingernails are growing again ! I plan to continue taking them for a long time !!
 Vitamins have always made me nauseous and weak . When I became pregnant I tried to take 2 different types of vitamins my ob/gyn prescribed . They were in my stomach for about 20 minutes on average before I got sick . Finally I found this product in Target and it worked great ! My doctor checked them out and said they were all I needed . I took 1/2 pill in the morning and half at night and always on a full stomach . I also took an additional DHA supplement . They do taste funky especially if you break them , but so do all vitamins . I wash 'em down with juice . My baby is 13 months old and I 'm still taking them !
 This is the only prenatal vitamin I have taken but I have n't had any problems with it . It did not seem to make me more nauseous or gassy than usual . It is a high quality prenatal vitamin at a great price .
 These are great . You take one a day with a meal , instead of 3 or so . They will make you sick if you take them on an empty stomach - which is normal for a vitamin . I brought them to my Doctor and she said I picked a good vitamin : -RRB-
 After trying other prenatal vitamins , i went back to these &#34; Just Once Prenatal &#34; . First , I like that it 's one tablet that I only need to take once a day . Many of the other brands you actually have to take a tablet 2 or 3 times a day just to get the full dosage . Second , taking the full dosage does not give me a headache or make me nauseous like some of the other brands.Some of the reviews I read said they felt less tired when they take these versus when they do n't take it -LRB- or forget to take it -RRB- . I tested this theory out and there is a little truth behind it . I definitely do n't get that mid-day crash when I take this but I do n't get a major boost of energy either . I think it helps maintain my energy throughout the day.A complaint I 've read was that it does n't contain 100 % of the RDA of Calcium . This was n't quite a deal breaker for me because I have a good amount of calcium in my diet . I usually have 4-5 servings of high calcium foods in a day . And if I feel I 'm not getting enough in a day , I 'll take a Tums that day.I 'm really happy with this prenatal vitamin and highly recommend it over the other brands out there .
 These vitamins are really easy on my stomach . It is so convenient to be able to just take 1 a day too .
 Great vitamin , does not make me sick , easy on the stomach . Taking it once a day is conveninet . tablets are not that huge , normal size , just like other multi vitamins are . I also take Omega 3 supplements in addition to this vitamin . Do recommend it !
 My OB wanted me to take a prescription . I checked the ingredients on those vs these & was blown away . The Rainbow Light has more o what you need in one pill . There was no after taste , no constipation , no gas . There are even ingredients to help with the normal tummy issues you get while pregnant . Love them !
 Despite their size , very easy to swallow and does not upset my stomach . Will definitely be getting more of these !
 These are easy on my stomach , that 's what I was looking for when it came to a prenatal vitamin . However , this does have 100 % Vit E , too much Vit E in early pregnancy can result in cardio problems in the fetus . So , I 'd check the Vit E intake.That being said , it has a really good mix including Inositol.A big con is that these pills are huge . I can take pills , but these taste very medicinal and are rather large , probably about 50 % larger than an AA capsule.I think I 'd likely take these vitamins even post-pregnancy because it gives me a good feeling , it does n't upset my stomach or make me feel dizzy . Additionally , it seems to give a nice energy boost for about 4-6 hours after taking it . And reasonably priced !
 I decided to try these prenatals after having difficulty keeping down other OTC brands . I also liked the fact that they are all natural with no nasty added chemicals that neither I nor my growing baby need . They are gentle on your stomach , I 've never had a problem taking them and would highly recommend them to any pregnant or soon to be pregnant woman wanting a natural and gentle alternative to other brands .
 I do `` HATE '' large vitamins , so I started a fight when my pediatrician/husband bought them for me ... Now , I 'm online trying to purchase more.CONS
 My husband and I started to talk about expanding our family next year . Being that I am a nurse I wanted to get started on preparing my body for the upcoming pregnancy . I started to do research on prenatal vitamins out there and wanted to find a natural prenatal that would give my body and the future baby all of the nutrients that might be lacking from my diet . I have read a lot of reviews and have done nutritional fact comparisons for several prenatal vitamins that are available over the counter . I have to say that Rainbow Light Prenatal is a great one-a-day vitamin that is filled with 100 % natural nutrients needed for a healthy pregnancy as well as probiotics and digestive support nutrients which ease digestion and prevent stomach upset . This vitamin caught my attention because it was a whole food based vitamin , and for the daily intake of just one tablet , it packs a lot of nutrients . Although I am not yet pregnant and can not speak for morning sickness , this vitamin is very gentle on my stomach and it does not make me nauseated nor does it give me gas / constipation . Since taking these vitamins , I have to say that my energy level has increased tremendously , my hair and nails got noticeably stronger and I feel an overall boost to my immune system ! I have to say that feeling `` these effects '' after taking this vitamin is a pleasant surprise because I have never felt any of them while taking multi-vitamins before . While preparing to conceive , I am trying to cut back on my caffeine intake and this `` boost '' of energy that I am feeling lately is definitely helpful . So while scanning the nutritional facts on the bottle it is quickly apparent that this prenatal packs a lot of nutrients with most of them being at 100 % or more of the daily value . However , because Rainbow Light is a great source of Iron , 30 mg -LRB- 167 % of daily value -RRB- and taking too much calcium at the same time as an iron supplement will not allow the iron to be absorbed properly , the calcium supplementation in this prenatal is on the lower side , only 200 mg -LRB- 15 % of daily value -RRB- . The same goes for the a lower content for Magnesium , only 100 mg -LRB- 22 % of daily value -RRB- . I did not see this as a problem , I simply added a Calcium / Magnesium supplement to my prenatal routine . Calcium is very important to any woman , especially to women who are pregnant or lactating , so this was a must in my book . I know it 's a bit inconvenient that I need to add another supplement to give this vitamin a better boost , however by braking the iron and calcium up in two different servings I can ensure proper absorption of both and that makes it worth while . I also feel that adding a DHA supplement to a prenatal routine is very important , therefore I decided to take a separate DHA / EPA supplement . So I take the Rainbow Light vitamin and the DHA supplement in the morning with breakfast and take me Calcium / Magnesium supplement in the evening with dinner.Even though I had to add separate supplements to make this prenatal vitamin more complete , I do n't see that as a problem at all . The fact that Rainbow Light is 100 % whole food derived and natural as well as being gentle on my stomach makes it a great vitamin . By adding the calcium / magnesium supplement and taking it a different time is actually a benefit because it ensures proper absorption of both nutrients , iron and calcium , which are so important in pregnancy .
 My masseuse recommended the Rainbow Light brand for any supplement . I 'm not pregnant but I was still in search of something with a good dose of Iron and B vitamins , that would not upset my stomach ! This is by far the best multivitamin for that . It must be the ginger they add . I 've been taking it every morning with breakfast for the past several months and feel like I have more energy . I will continue to take this and highly recommend it to women with sensitive stomachs , pregnant or not !
 I appreciate only having to take one pill a day - I would have a hard time gagging down the five pills a lot of brands list to take . Also , this one has a lot of natural ingredients for settling a pregnant stomach and making you feel more comortable lik the ginger juice . I took the bottle into my OB after he prescribed me a pre-natal , and he told me that this one looked great . I wanted him to sign off on it before I made the switch during my first pregnancy , and he gave it a go . If your worried , take the bottle into your doctor and let them look over the list . I 've trusted this one for years , and it has done a great job helping me produce healthy babies : -RRB-
 i took these while pregnant and am now nursing . i love them ! i even did the dissolve test from dr oz with these and they passed ! great product . they never gave me gut or `` bathroom '' issues from the iron and they never gave me headaches from the calcium -LRB- took others that gave me wicked headaches from the different calcium in them -RRB- . plus love the fact that the vitamins are actually from food and also that there are no preservatives or food dyes like the target brand that my midwife suggested i buy when pregnant
 This is the best multivitamin I have ever taken ! This is great whether you are pregnant , trying to get pregnant , or just looking for a complete multivitamin . I love the fact that it is vegan , you only have to take it once a day , contains the correct amount of folic that my body needs and it has the probiotics that are necessary for healthy digestion . The price is right for 150 tablets , one bottle lasted me a few months . On my 2nd bottle now and couldnt be happier or healthier : - -RRB-
 The reason I love these vitamins is that they 're easy to digest due to the added probiotics and they are specifically designed with women in mind - whether you 're trying to conceive or not . Many other brands contain exagerrated amounts of each vitamin -LRB- eg . 8,000 % DV of thiamine -RRB- , and that just does n't seem right or healthy to me . I 've been using these for about 2 years now and combined with omega 3 fish oils , I have noticed an improvement in my energy as well as my skin and nails . I feel it 's important to note that these vitamins wo n't cure anything and they will not cancel out poor eating habits or inadequate water consumption . If you eat poorly , you 'll continue to feel poorly no matter how long you take these , but they 're great supplement and I highly recommend them !
 I 've been looking for a daily vitamin with extra folic acid for at least five years and I 've tried about as many brands . Some cost more than 3x as much as this ! All of them have upset my stomach except Rainbow Light . I 'm planning to conceive soon but I think this would be a great multi-vitamin for any woman .
 I really like these prenatal vitamins ! I like that they are food-based and they do not upset my stomach . They are a good value for the price and amazon seems to have the best price . They can be a bit hard to swallow if they go down at the wrong angle . These , along with a slight diet change to more meat , increased my iron levels enough that I did not have to take iron supplements while pregnant . I continue to take these while nursing my baby ! Would recommend !
 I did lots and lots if research for the ideal prenatal , and this is the big winner by far ! It has everything your growing baby needs ! Plus they are definitely gentle on your stomach ! Only prenatal a I 've been able to keep down , and only ones that do n't burn my stomach . Can actually take on empty stomach - though I do n't do that often . I love that they are from natural sources and not lab made vitamins and minerals . I also love that they are a one pill a day potency , and are an excellent price ! I would recommend this product to anyone ! The whole Rainbow Light product range is amazing .
 I guess they 're okay . My only problem is that these are the biggest pills I 've ever seen . They 're huge . I 've tried breaking them iin half but the the jagged edges sometimes get caught in my throat . I will finish the bottle and probably will try something different .
 I had used the Rainbow Light Women 's One Multivitamin and just switched to the Rainbow Light Prenatal One Vitamin now that I am expecting . Vitamin is food-based and only one a day is necessary !
 I have been taking these , after doing research , for about 2 months now . I take them at bedtime & have had no problems . I feel great ! We are ttc so i wanted to build up these nutrients in my system ! Crossing fingers !
 I can actually hold these down so 5 stars from me ! I like that it has probiotics included also . i have never had any side effects from these .
 My insurance company would not approve me for a Kosher prenatal vitamin so I chose this one and I love it . It is natural , no dyes , no fillers , vegetarian and good for every woman not just pregnant ones .
 I just got these yesterday . I 'm not pregnant but I saw on other reviews I could use this as a multivitamin so I am . Also I heard it would help with hair growth so why not try it . Anyway tons of energy ! Day one I felt great . Kept thinking I ca n't wait to take these again . Today I woke up not tired . Which is a miracle to me because I always wake up tired . my mind would be ready to go my body would have different plans lol . Anyway waking up fully energized was crazy to me . Soon as my eyes opened this morning I felt the difference . Love this vitamin . Will continue to use this as my multivitamin . As well as combine it with my hair skin and nails vitamin . Btw they do n't smell either . Totally worth it .
 I have been taking these for a few weeks now and so far like them ... Do n't upset my stomach like some other brands do either
 Love this multi vitamin , it has everything in it and no stomach upset . it will also last you awhile as only 1 per day is needed .
 I tried a cheaper generic product , and they gave me heartburn and a bad after taste.But since ive tried Rainbow Light prenatal , there is no after taste and it helps my hair strength and my nails . Will continue with this brand .
 My wife has been searching for a prenatal vitamin that does not make her through up . This is the product that answered that call . If you have any nausea during pregnancy and normal prenatal vitamins are a problem , then try this .
 This is my first time taking prenatal vitamin . I spent a lot of time reading reviews for different brand of prenatal vitamin , before decideing on these . I have been taking this vitamin since early pregnancy , and I am 2 months after giving birth . I never had any problem with them.Vitamins that are foodbased work better for me . I like them because it is only one pill per day and they never made me feel sick to my stomach . I felt great all throughout my pregnancy.I would highly recommand them to any pregnant or soon to be pregnant woman
 This are the only prenatal daily vitamin I 've taken that does n't make me feel nauseated , even if I take it without food -LRB- which I usually do ! -RRB- . And it 's all natural -- no nasty additives , trans fats , etc. , all . It 's food-based , vegan , eco-friendly , and totally affordable . I 'm sticking with these .
 Have been taking for about 3 months ! I am a fan of other Rainbow Light products . I can feel the difference in my energy level .
 I have tried several other prenatal brands -LRB- including Deva -RRB- . They all upset my stomach and made me feel nauseous . Rainbow Light is great , I do n't get nauseous and it is nutrition I feel good about . I love this prenatal vitamin .
 My sensitive stomach loved this . I tried the Deva prenatal because it has more folic acid but it just made my morning sickness worse . I recommended this to my friend and she loves it too . I did n't even bother finishing Deva . I ordered another gigantic bottle of this instead . It 's no bigger than other pills . No smaller as well . I love it as much as one can like a vitamin .
 Easy to swallow and super gentle on my stomach ! I 've had a hard time with prenatal vitamins in the past . I love that these are clearly labeled vegan and full of healthy plant-based nutrients ! My hemoglobin levels were highly praised at my last appointment .
 While the pill was large and took some getting used to , i am overall very happy with this product.Feel very good about this product .
 I am one of those first-timers that researches EVERYTHING ... so when I first got pregnant I spent a lot of time researching the best prenatal pills . To put it simply , these are amazing . Other than being really nutritionally impressive , there were two `` MUST HAVES '' on my list -- First , I HAAATE when I have to take pills three times a day ... I always forget/give up after about the first one -LRB- which makes it pointless -RRB- . This is ONE PER DAY . It 's very , very nice and easy to remember.and even MORE IMPORTANTLY , they do n't make me sick ! I simply do not need the extra misery of being sick from my vitamins in my first trimester . I have had ZERO stomach aches or nausea from these . A HUGE deal to me -LRB- and frankly , the only time in my life a vitamin has n't made me sick ... it 's a miracle -RRB- . Anyway , I hope this helps !
 I have been taking these vitamins for almost a year now and for some reason these are the only vitamins that I have ever taken tht actually gives me energy ... Im not pregnant but Im 29 and I do plan on having another baby within the next couple of years . So these will be taken before and during pregnancy ... Also my nails dont chip as much and my hair grows quicker after its cut ! BE AWARE , these vitamins do cause gas but I just take it with a ginger root vitamin and there is no gas . . But overall , im a continous user and I love these vitamins ! Heard the 800 mcg of folic acid and the 15mg of zinc helps to have healthy baby !
 Ever since I was a little girl , I thought that my mother had the most beautiful hands . I thought , when I grow up , my hands will look just like hers and I 'll be a woman . But I never got my mother 's hands . Even in my 20 's , My fingers were chubby , my nails were always stubby , thin , peeling and ugly , not like her effortlessly beautiful , long , thick nails on long delicate fingers . Then I got on Pinterest ... and my desire for better nails became stronger . I decided to start taking a prenatal vitamin because pregnant women are always raving about what they do for them . I decided on this one because of the high rating and the fact that you only have to take one a day . I have been taking them for about two months and my nails are longer and stronger than they 've ever been . I had a nail that split down the middle habitually . No matter how careful I was or how short I kept the nail , it would always split , often painfully . Well now I 've had to get used to doing things with that nail long ! Never thought I 'd be doing that ! In addition , my hair is growing a lot faster than usual ! My fingers are still chubby , but now my hands are almost as pretty as Mom 's since I can grow out my nails . I also use Nail Envy religiously.Note
 Read the reviews and decided to purchase this prenatal vitamin . Glad I did because this is gentle on your stomach and does not have a strong smell .
 I agree wholeheartedly with all who have commented on the excellent quality . That 's the only reason for giving 4 stars instead of 5 . After 6 weeks of giving them a go , I just can not deal with the unpleasantness of taking such a large pill . I 'm currently searching for another that will be as high quality but in gel form or at least not so large !
 I ordered these as a recommendation from my friend who used them during her pregnancy . I have tried other prenatal vitamins -LRB- Centrum , etc -RRB- and they all made me nauseas . I can take these with or without food and have not had any trouble . I also think the price is comparable to those that you can buy over the counter . They are large but I have n't had any trouble -LRB- you can always split them in half if you need to -RRB- . I will definitely be using these through this pregancy and any others to come !
 This vitamin does n't bloat me the way some others did . Easy to digest as it says , and much cheaper to purchase thru amazon .
 Love this item . This is the only prenatal vitamin I have ever taken that did not make me sick . Love this product and it arrived quickly .
 I picked these vitamins up while in a hurry at Wal-mart . Since there 's a possibility of being preggo , I wanted to go ahead and get started taking a vitamin . Since they were only around $ 8 , I was concerned about their validity . Since amazon users give such great reviews , I decided I would check out what people are saying ... I am so thankful to have found such a popular item . With my past 2 children , I had difficulty with prenatal vitamins being constipating and also not allowing my body to absorb enough iron.I am very thankful to hear about other women who have had success with this vitamin . I do not understand the comments about them being difficult to swallow . I had no problem at all and was extremely delighted by the fact i couldnt taste them or have hertburn afterwards , like i have had in the past . I think most of that discontent is `` in the head '' and people get psyched about swallowing a pill . I 've swallowed way more food at one time , it 's just in their head . Get a glass of water , swallow and go on with life . . Love the potential for all the various positive aspects of this vitamin !!!!!
 The biggest advantage is you only need to take this once a day ! It contains everything the doctor recommends for a baby growing in your belly . Its all natural and it does not smell all that bad . Ordering twice will give you enough for the whole pregnancy . A great buy !
 The best Prenatal Vitamin my sister has found . She 's tried everything , but they all made her sick . this one has high potencies of key nutrients to help support baby 's development but also ginger juice and probiotics to help with digestion , absorption and regularity . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 They where for a frien 's sister and a doctor told her that they where a really good source of vitamins for her pregnancy . She says that she 's doing fine with them but the results will be seen in months .
 I really love these ! They do n't upset my stomach . I take one at night with dinner and have never felt sick from them . Also , the probiotics in them really help to prevent pregnancy constipation . This is my third pregnancy using them and I have yet to have that issue . I recommend them to all of my friend 's and anyone who asks . Great product !
 All the other reviewers mentioned many good things about this vitamin . So you can read their reviews . The vitamin has lots of great features ! But what is really great is that this vitamin does not contribute to constipation . Everyone 's body is different , of course , but for me this was a lifesaver . I have tried nature made vitamins and a couple of generic multivitamins -- always with the result of becoming constipated . During pregnancy and also afterward , this became especially crucial .
 Just a great vitamin . Works for me , although it does n't keep my immune system up to par . It contains everything you need , took it with several of my pregnancies and afterwords and it worked .
 These prenatals are great . Swallowing ANYTHING during the `` morning '' sickness phase was difficult , but once I got it down it seemed to actually settle my stomach . Maybe it 's the ginger . They have helped with my energy level , which really tanked right at the beginning of the pregnancy , and like I said they helped my MS. I also like that these are food based - food based vitamins seem to sit better in my belly . Great product !
 Very happy that I 've found this brand and quality of prenatal vitamins . Prior to this I was using One a Day and also tried the CVS brand . I 'm preparing my body to try to conceive sometime and I thought this vitamins have very good ingredients . One thing is it does not have the DHA that other prenatal does . DHA is good to have . However if you take fish oils -LRB- make sure they are the safe kind and without mercury ; some recommend plant based DHA -RRB- like I do , then you 're covered . I 'm tolerating this vitamin . I take it with DCI first thing in the morning and together along wih other supplements , I use it to heal my PCOS symptoms naturally . These do not have those additives that other vitamins have . I got it for a good price $ 9 + for a 90 pill bottle . When I came back though it 's already $ 14 + . Hopefully , it will not go high much in terms if price . definitely will purchase these again .
 Very good food-based vitamins . No bad smells , no artificial neon pee , tons of great quality ingredients - we have a winner ! TTC and wanting a great vitamin to get me through this time - good stuff . Wish I had these my first pregnancy . The ginger and raspberry are a great addition , as is the inositol , and probiotics . Great price for 150 days of vitamins .
 I bought this vitamin YESTERDAY and I already feel like a new woman !! I was suffering from the all the pregnancy symptoms and I am limited in the vitamins I can take due to my fish allergies . I stumbled across this brand at Target and I am supplementing with Expecta Lipil plant-based DHA ! Before this I was taking a regular multivitamin but it was crappy.Pro 's - Within a 30 minutes of taking my stomach started settling and continued to get better throughout the day evening lessening my morning sickness the next morning ! - No more uneasy `` hangover '' stomach feeling that lasts all day-I 'm eating less because I do n't feel have the `` only thing that comforts my stomach is eating more '' feeling-I feel better after I eat as well . This vitamin is supposed to help with digestion-I have ENERGY , no more sleeping through the day and I can actually wake up in the morning !! - Headache pain going away . I suffer from headaches and generally take a low-dose antidepressant daily to manage pain , but I stopped when I found out I was pregnant . However , the magnesium and B-vitamins are coming to my rescue !! - I have n't experienced any after taste like some women have reportedCon 's -LRB- that are n't really cons -RRB- - Big pill , HOWEVER it goes down smooth-Neon vitamin pee , but it went away quickly after I started drinking more water-My stool was darkened and a tad bit harder , but I 'm not constipated . I 'm hoping this wo n't become a problem
 this prental is not only good for everyone but i love the fact that it 's the best for vegans ! i 'm not sure if i feel any surge of energy by eating it , but i know that it 's good for me and the baby , so i feel good taking it . i love that it 's just once a day and the size is n't too bad . the taste is kinda grosse but it 's not like you got ta chew it ! -LRB- let 's say i keep it in my mouth until i can get to the water , so i can taste that it 's kinda grosse but that 's my fault and i should make sure the water is with me before i pop it in my mouth ! lol -RRB- .
 I normally ca n't take pills because they make me nauseous , so when I read that not only is this a one a day vitamin but it 's also great for people with sensitive stomachs I decided to give it a try . I 'm so happy that I did , these are great . I also checked the label against other one a day vitamins for women and this one had much more content , so I think spending a little more money on it is well worth it .
 For my first pregnancy , I used the Twin Lab pre-natal vitamins -LRB- which are n't bad as far as `` content '' -RRB- , but they made my stomach extremely uneasy and sometimes almost to the point of either vomiting and/or passing out . These , though , are absolutely amazing for ease-of-use and being all-natural is a HUGE PLUS -LRB- as we are moving to organic , as much as possible -RRB- . It 's truly unique that you do n't have to take `` with '' food , but rather either before or during a meal . Fantastic product and love the larger bottle -LRB- great value -RRB- . I am an avid researcher on products , bargains , etc. and this is the BEST ; hands-down , you need not look any further . Enjoy and best of luck to anyone who is `` trying '' like we are ! Blessings !
 This is my first pregnancy and when I first shopped for prenatal vitamin , I did not know what I was looking for.This product caught my eyes because it said '' Gentle on Stomach '' on the bottle.I tried a different brand after I finished the bottle and the new brand was flipping me upside down , causing me terrible morning sickness and heart burn.The pill is quite big but I invested a pill splitter -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- . It so much easier to take the pill and I 'll be using it for at least 1 yr .
 Rainbow light is my favorite vitamin brand . The price was very good and delivery was fast .
 I had been looking through all of the Rx prenatals my Dr. had recommended and could n't find a vegan one . Someone recommended I look into Rainbow Light and I am SO glad that I did ! They go down easily with a glass of water and leave no aftertaste . They do n't bother my stomach at all , which is amazing because I have an extremely delicate constitution . They also give me a huge energy boost ! I have more energy than I know what to do with ! I am not pregnant yet so I ca n't speak for how they affect me in pregnancy , but for right now I feel amazing !
 And it 's WONDERFUL ! Has truly made a positive impact on my skin and hair . Never felt sick or `` strange '' after taking a pill.Found out this weekend that I 'm planning on having a baby within the next two years , I should be taking folic acid anyways to ensure a healthy development . I 'm not `` planning '' on having a baby but if it happens , I 'll be ready !
 Let me first say that I am not pregnant . I am taking these as a multi replacement and for nail and hair health . The results are amazing . My nails grow extremely fast and are hard and healthy . My hair , which I color blond , so it is damaged , is finally able to grow -LRB- rather than before which would break before it added any length -RRB- . I feel great while taking these . They are not too big to swallow and have no scent.Also - an interesting note for men ... my husband took one of these when his multi ran out and said he had so much energy and felt great ! It has all the necessary vitamins and minerals and more . Highly recommended .
 I love these prenatals for a couple different reasons . First , I love that they are a natural vitamin , without icky things added to them . Second , they have some benefits other prenatals do n't
 I 've been taking these vitamins for a long time now , since several months before I was ready to try conceiving , through my current status as mom of a one-week-old . I attribute my ease at conceiving in part to being on these for several months beforehand , they were easy to take during my pregnancy because they did not upset my stomach , and I am continuing to take them now while I breastfeed . I am very happy with the value of buying this large bottle , because these vitamins are very expensive at my local stores .
 Did a lot of research for pre conception and these are the best , big but they have all the vitamins u need
 I can not express enough how much I love this prenatal vitamin ! I had been taking a variety of rx prenatals from my dr and when I ran out I ordered these . From the first day I started to feel better -LRB- less morning sickness and no more constipation ! -RRB- . HIGHLY recommend ! Oh , and Amazon 's price is great !
 If you have a problem swallowing large pills , this is on the med size of pill . Otherwise , great pill for the money . I am a little over halfway through my wifes pregnancy and she will be purchasing another bottle soon . She took these for a long period of time before even becoming pregnant . I think this is key -LRB- when possible -RRB- to avoiding getting sick off them . Most of the people who report getting sick or nauseous started taking these after becoming pregnant - not the best time to introduce so many new things to your already rapidly changing body ! One other note
 I have searched high and low for a complete , safe , natural , animal-free pre-natal vitamin . I am glad to say that thanks to Rainbow Light 's One , I need look no further . I love the fact that I only need to take one pill a day as opposed to six like some other brands . Moreover , I never realized how much of an energy boost these pills gave me ... until I ran out of them one day , that is . Hands down , this is the best option on the market today . The only reason I gave them four stars is their enormous size , which makes them a bit hard to swallow . There is nothing better out there so I guess I 'll just have to start cutting them in half . : - -RRB-
 Easy to swallow , gentle to digest . No bad after taste . Make my early pregnancy much easier than the 1st one.I took some other prescription vitamin last pregnancy . It worked fine . But it really had a very badafter taste , every morning this bad taste in my mouth made me almost threw up.This time , my doctor recommended this product to me . It 's inexpensive . Comes in a big jar.Good quality and well made vitamin . I like it very much
 I was given a small box of these as a gift at the beginning of my pregnancy and I ended up taking these religiously for the rest of 40 weeks.Pros : - It has enough acid folic and iron - It has lower lead level -LRB- not the lowest though -RRB- than other prenatal vitamins in the market - My baby was born at a good size -LRB- I am a very small woman -RRB- - My baby is healthy . He latched on well at birth . He had mild reflux which he already outgrown at 4 month-old . He has mild cow milk protein allergy -LRB- I blame genetics -RRB- But he is the most content baby I have ever known . He will go without a single cry most days after the first couple months.Cons : - Yes , these are in fact horse pills with a terrible smell . I gagged in the first month but took on a tip to take it with smoothie . After a while , I learned to relax my gagging reflex and it was fine to take with milk -LRB- I still could not take it with water -RRB- - Not enough calcium . I needed to supplement.I am debating of taking 1 star off for the cons but the fact that my baby is healthy at birth and latched on , I will have to give it 5 stars.I stopped taking these after the birth of my son . Wish I continued . I heard it would help with hair falling out after birth .
 These prenatals are vegetarian , do n't have a lot of weird additives/preservatives , have a small amount of red raspberry leaf and ginger -LRB- to `` tone '' the uterus and help with sickness , respectively -RRB- , and only need to be taken once a day . They do not have added DHA , but I take MD Formulas OmegaAstin for that . I did not have a lot of problems with morning sickness , but at some point did switch to taking my supplements at night to help with the nausea . Since I never actually threw up -LRB- had some close calls , though ! -RRB- I do n't know if these prenatals are better or worse for those with bad morning sickness . These pills are large , and they could be difficult for some people to swallow . I have , however , been happy with them and have not had any deficiencies , etc. throughout my pregnancy . When I reordered I ordered enough so that I can take them during breastfeeding as well .
 I get nauseated very easily , these were great pills that I could take and not ever feel nauseated , I do n't even have to eat a whole meal with them . Sometimes my skin does itch when I take them , but I think I might just be a little alergic to something in them . No big deal though , I 'd rather have a little itch than be sick all the time . Great pills .
 I loved this vitamin so much when I was pregnant that I continue to use it for me and my son who tend toward iron deficiency . Has never upset my stomach likes others did . Love the enzymes and probiotics .
 the product arrived in perfect conditions . it took the necessary time to get to my address . there was no need to contact the sender . i am really satisfied with this purchase .
 They 're huge . They do n't taste good . Guess what ? They 're vitamins , of course they are huge and yucky tasting . That said , they do n't upset my stomach and they are doing their job .
 Good sized pill . Not too big . Only draw back is you need to get a source of DHA . None in this vitamin . Could just eat eggs or take Cod liver oil
 They seemed to work just fine we have had a healthy baby girl . I hope that you do too congradulations .
 This pill has to be taken with food or it makes me nauseated unlike my others in the past . I like the subscribe and pay choice so I never run out .
 We are 14 weeks pregnant and my wife absolutely lo es the se vitamins . I did thorough research and found that these were the best price/quality ratio product . Absolutely vegan , awesome product .
 This has been my favorite daily vitamin for the past 9 years . My blood results show the vitamins are absorbed by my body and they are so incredibly gentle on my stomach .
 I have used 1-day vitamins -LRB- with DHA -RRB- during my last pregnancy and with this pregnancy until now , and they worked fine . 2 weeks ago , I started to have fish-oily burps after taking them -LRB- due to the DHA one -RRB- . So , I did a little research on the internet and found these Rainbow plant based prenatals . I have been using these for 1 week now . They do not have DHA but my body seems to be adjusted to these . They do not cause nausea -LRB- which i had for first 3 months -RRB- , stomach upset or constipation.Almost all the prenatal vitamins do not have 100 % DV calcium . If you are not taking enough calcium-rich foods , I would recommend taking an additional calcium supplement .
 Are they big ? Yes , but their shape makes it easy to swallow . My prior prenatals were diamond shaped -- right angles and pills do n't mix ! These are oblong and go down easy and fast.Have taken these on an empty stomach -LRB- but generally with food -RRB- . Never had a problem and I have a sensitive stomach . No issues whatsoever with late night use.I like the fact that these do n't have a bunch of additives but do have red raspberry leaf and 800 mg of folic acid . I especially like that the are vegan . I 've tried 3-4 different prenatals and these are my favorite !
 This prenatal vitamin is wonderful for several reasons . First , I only need to take it once a day . Secondly , it 's never given me any sort of heartburn . Finally , it provides a full dosage of almost all the vitamins and minerals you need to be taking when pregnant or nursing . The one mineral it is short on is calcium -LRB- I think it provides only 30 % of this -RRB- , but aside from that , I really recommend this prenatal multivitamin . I researched , and tried , many different prenatal vitamins and this is the one that worked !
 I started taking prenatal vitamins just because I 'm not on any birth control and so if I was to get pregnant I wanted to already have all of the necessary vitamins and minerals on board . After much research and comparing 100 's of different prenatal vitamins I chose these because they are once a day and all natural -LRB- and had great reviews -RRB- . I also have not experienced any nausea from them , although I do take them with food or soy milk . I will be buying more when these run out !
 Prescription prenatal vitamins are expensive and I was searching for a prenatal vitamin that costs less but still provides all the essential vitamins and minerals for a healthy growing fetus . Prenatal one vitamin gives you this and more than most prescription prenatal vitamins . The only negative is the size of the pill and that it only gives you 800mcg than the required 1000mcg of folic acid . I am using this for preconception and I do n't have any after taste or constipation .
 I have been taking these vitamins for 2 months now and have n't found anything negative to say . It 's easy to remember to take one a day and they do n't have a funky taste/smell . I have n't felt sick at all from them either . I am also taking an extra calcium supplement -LRB- as you would need to do with most any prenatal vitamin , I think -RRB- and a little more iron -LRB- since I am deficient -RRB- . Also , I have added Omega 3 Fatty acids -LRB- fish oil -RRB- to my diet -- some prenatal vitamins are starting to include this as it may help brain development .
 This got me through 9 months of pregnant without having to throw up and it kept me regular . I continue to use it now as I 'm nursing .
 I was given some sample prescription pre-natal vitamins by my doctor , and those wrecked havoc on my stomach for a solid 2 weeks . I had to switch . These pills are gentle , vegan , and do not overdose on the Vitamin A , which a lot of over the counter pre-natal vitamins tend to do despite the potential birth risks . Plus , while the taste of these pills is never pleasant , at least the taste of these is decent and does n't linger like other pills do .
 I like that they are all natural . They do n't make me feel sick like ALL the other major brands that I have tried . I first bought them at the local health food store and paid way too much there . This is a good price for a FANTASTIC product .
 I love these prenatal vitamins ! I 'm now purchasing my third bottle . I plan to continue taking them after pregnancy while I 'm breastfeeding . These are big vitamins , which some people might not like , but I love that you only have to take it once a day . These never make me sick to my stomach and even though they have a lot of iron in them , they do n't make me constipated , which is a miracle ! The only negative I can think of is that these do n't have a lot of calcium in them . There is a reason for this -- calcium interferes with iron absorption . You need to take an extra calcium supplement , preferably at a later time in the day than when you take this vitamin . These vitamins have helped me avoid becoming anemic because they have a high iron content . It 's so hard to find iron supplements that do n't mess with your digestive system -- these are great !
 Great vitamins for anyone ! Love that they are gentle on my stomach and they live up to their word about helping with prenatal digestive issues !
 I could never take multivitamins , even the gummy kind because they would make me so nauseous . So when I became pregnant I read reviews like crazy and decided on this one . I am not pregnant anymore yet I still take one everyday because it is the only kind I can stomach , literally ! Hopefully I will conceive again soon !
 I 'm nursing and I was out of my usual vitamins and I wanted something better , so I ordered these . So far they are fine . I 've had them for about a week now . They might be difficult to swallow if you were pregnant and fighting a gag reflex , though . They do n't go down that easily since there is no coating to them . They are rough and big . But for me they are fine . I would buy these again .
 I love these vitamins , I love that they are one a day and I get all I need from them . They do n't make me sick to my stomach or leave me with any bad side effects .
 I wanted a prenantal vitamin base on food not chemical and found this . My Dr. told me I sould stay on it for the rest of my life because my vitamin levels -LRB- that have always been off -RRB- are great on just this one supplement ! I know longer need to take 6 different vitiamins to have good levels !
 I 've been blessed with 3 pregnancies so far and for all three of them I had trouble keeping my generic prenatal down . I managed with the first two pregnancies by sheer determination . When I started to lose my current prenatal at the same time every night of around the 30-40 minute mark after ingested -LRB- unless I happened to be in a dead sleep and even then if I woke in the middle of the night hours later I still felt nauseated -RRB- I finally threw in the towel and said enough is enough . After a ton of research I decided on Rainbow Light and wow was I surprised ! The first time I took it was the ultimate test for me . I was already feeling nauseated before I took the prenatal , I was sick , and I knew my track record of losing my old prenatal so I ca n't say I was optimistic for this one under those conditions . I was flabbergasted when not only did my prenatal stay DOWN but I actually felt BETTER after taking it ! Not only have I never vomited this prenatal I have never even felt a HINT of nausea after taking it . It is the ONLY prenatal I will ever use !!! I just wish I had found it sooner!Clean , no extra junk , filled with good things including spirulina , I just ca n't say enough !!! To those complaining about the size , yes they are big but they are n't significantly bigger than my old over the counter brand at my local store . Take them with a good gulp a water and you should be fine . I have n't had any trouble swallowing them . I mean really , we swallow food bigger than those pills all the time and do n't complain.Bottom line - LOVE , LOVE , LOVE THEM ! I would HIGHLY recommend them to anyone needing a prenatal .
 I 'm not expecting but this has been a great all around multivitamin . I love the skin and hair benefits it gives !
 Great product . Taken these throughout my pregnancy and had no morning sickness . I love that I was able to get such a large quantity . I was buying small bottles at walmart for $ 12 for 75ct . This was such a bargain .
 I took these all through my pregnancy and am taking them now as I am nursing . I briefly switched to another brand that I picked up at the store , and started having bad leg cramps . I was surprised to find that the other brand did n't have potassium in them . I promptly ordered another bottle of Rainbow Light and the leg cramps stopped . I am also GF and had no problems with their product .
 I normally have trouble digesting any type of pill and usually get sick from vitamins . These prenatals are great . Everyone is different but for me they are easy to swallow have no odor as far as I can tell and most importantly they are gentle on the stomach !
 I have used this brand of vitamins for a while and have always been pleased with their quality . I am not pregnant but like the added boost prenatal vitamins provide . Rainbow Light Prenatal Multivitamins are vegan based which makes a difference ! I would totally recommend them to any woman even if they are not pregnant !
 I have been taking the Rainbow Light Prenatal vitamins since early pregnancy and still am 15 months after giving birth , as I am breastfeeding my son . I never had any problem with them . I do n't think they 're any larger than other prenatals , and I did n't mind the mild after-taste that quickly vanishes . I felt great all throughout my pregnancy and know that these vitamins had something to do with that . They 're excellent quality , in my opinion , and all-natural which was very important to me . I recommend them !
 Basically I bought these as the image of the nutrition panel showed no iron content . Also the product came up when I searched an iron free prenatal vitamin . Well , on arrival I found out they do include iron - just like my other pills !! Huff
 I 've been using the Prenatal One and Women 's OneRainbow Light Womens One , Just Once Multivitamin , 150 Tablets -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- for about 3 years now and I will never use a different multi-v . These pills are on the large size , but I do n't have a problem with it . I can definitely feel a difference in my body when I skip a few days of these . Plus , I 'm gluten intolerant and am always worried about gluten being present as a binding ingredient in medications . I 've recommended this brand to many friends and got my husband hooked on the Men 's OneRainbow Light Men 's One Multi , 150-Count
 Overall the product is worth it the cost . The only thing I have not received from the vitamin is the energy boost some of the other buyers have mentioned . The vitamin is easy to take , gentle on the stomach .
 I 've been taking this multivitamin for several months now , and I highly recommend it . It packs more nutritional value into 1 pill than any other prenatal vitamin I 've seen , and the price is quite reasonable . It is a large pill , but it 's smooth and fairly easy to swallow .
 Glad to have found these and am subscribing to them - 90 pills every 3 months : o -RRB- Not too big , no weird flavor - easy to take.Recommend it to pregnant and wanna-be pregnant ladies . :o-RRB- May you all have beautiful healthy babies !!!
 The pills have a slight odor but my wife reports that they have not caused her any gastrointestinal problems or other noticeable side effects . We will probably use them again the next time around given that they are a very good value relative to the possible price of other prenatal vitamins .
 I could n't be happier when I received my two bottle of prenatal one yesterday . The point is I just placed this order two days before , and the suggested delivery date is around 5 days later.I started to eat one with meal . It looks light green and smells herb mixture . One amazing thing is I chew it before swallowing it . I believe I never worry about size problem.it contains something to help my digestion that is my favorite .
 great vitamins and i have three healthy babies to prove it ! really easy on the tummy - i have a very sensitive belly - i love these !!!!
 I had some trouble getting my order so I emailed the company . They said it had n't shipped yet and they were n't sure why . So they sent me double for no charge and it came quickly , in two days . I will order from them again . Very friendly and helpful service . Great produces too . Thank you for your help in getting me my order quickly.Very Happy , Heather
 I love prenatals that are just one a day because I have a hard time remembering when to take them . These never upset my stomach , but I take them right before bed just in case . And the price was perfect - they were $ 30 at the vitamin store .
 I really liked that you only have to take it 1x a day . There is a dual pack available that contains an Omega 3 supplement with additional folic acid , so taken together , you get 1000mg of folic acid a day which is perfect for prenatal development . This was the only supplement I found that contained 1000mg of folic acid . The multi is vegan , the supplement is not . The supplement has an orange oil additive to prevent fishy tasting burps or reflux .
 I love these prenatal vitamins . Unlike the ones I 've used in the past -LRB- over the counter and prescription -RRB- , these do not upset my stomach at all or make me constipated . I prefer the Prenatal One vitamin over its sister vitamin -LRB- the Prenatal System -RRB- which makes you take 6 pills a day .
 THIS PRODUCT IS ALL NATURAL . YOUR BODY KNOWS HOW TO BREAK THIS HIGH POTENT PILLDOWN AND SEND IT TO THE PROPER PLACES IN YOUR BODY . ALSO , IT DOES NOT CONSTIPATE YOU .
 I 'm new to this prenatal vitamin thing -- hubs and I are planning to start TTC this summer . So far , I 'm loving that I can take these without food , the price is nice , and it 's great not having to down 8 pills a day . I feel confident I 'm getting the nutrients I need to create a nice little oven for whatever bun comes my way .
 You will feel the difference literally the day you start taking them . I really believe these are the best vitamins around by far . I took a well known national brand and was feeling very lousy . I saw these on sale and tried them because the natural ingredients seemed appealing . Best decision I made . I have more energy , feel more alert , and do not get that queasy feeling after taking them . They also have a pack that comes with the DHA pills . These are great there is no aftertaste . This brand has really won me over , and after my pregnancy I am going to take Rainbow Light 's regular women 's multivitamin . Note this pills are kind of big . But they have mini versions available , or you can just opt to cut them in half as I do . = -RRB-
 My stomach is not a fan of vitamins , but these sit well . I have never had an upset stomach from them . They are a bit big , but I use a pill cutter and it 's all good .
 I started taking this about a year and a half ago - I 'm now 4.5 months pregnant . I was pretty wary about prenatals for several reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I thought most - like the ones my doctor gave me - required multiple dosages . I have a hard time remembering my keys let alone taking a vitamin more than once per day . Plus , there 's number 2 ... -LRB- 2 -RRB- Some multivitamins have made me nauseous or annoyed my stomach . I do n't have a weak stomach , but some have bothered me . I knew a prenatal packed so much stuff in it that this could be painful . In regards to multiple dosages , I figured taking more than one vitamin a day might be just as bad as a single vitamin jammed with everything I need . -LRB- 3 -RRB- There are so many choices out there that you can easily get lost . And the prices range from exceptionally cheap to ridiculously expensive and it 's hard to know what is really good.When I researched prenatals , I compared each against the recommended allowances for each supplement . Most of the ones that you took once per day did not give you enough of one item or another . Most of the vitamins that sufficed required multiple dosages and , as I mentioned , that was n't for me.And then I ran into Rainbow Light on a pregnancy website and noticed it had high reviews - and a lot of them - from all over the web . I liked that it was vegetable-based -LRB- I 'm not a vegetarian , but I figured this might be easier on the stomach -RRB- and an all-in-one pill . It met every requirement for a prenatal except for calcium . I wound up buying this and the Rainbow Light calcium supplement and I 've been hooked ever since . From day one I felt no nausea , no upset stomach , nothing - not even taking both pills together . Yes , they 're large , but I do n't have a problem with that , so I ca n't say much about that except it seems many prenatals are huge.As with most vitamins I 've taken , I either notice a gradual change or nothing at all . With this one , I noticed my nails and hair growing stronger and faster -LRB- before I was pregnant -RRB- . I have n't been sick a day since I started on them , though that could be coincidence . But I do feel great and had no problems taking these even during the first trimester . I did wind up having to take a Vitamin D supplement after I started seeing my OB because it seems the recommendations are changing . This vitamin gives you 400IU , the normal , recommended amount for pregnant/nursing women , but my doctor wants me to take 2000IU . On top of all of this , this vitamin is reasonably priced . I 've paid anywhere from $ 19 to $ 25 for 150 count . For the price , convenience , and quality , I do n't know how this could be beat.I just bought the men 's multivitamin for my husband , so we 'll see what he thinks of that one .
 I have been taking these for over a week . I am not pregnant but I need the vitamins and want to prep for when I do start having children . The pill is JUST ONE , i love that about it and i do n't have to take 6 pills a day which is annoying . It is not huge , easy to swallow . A 5 months supply cost about $ 20 which is awesome , good deal.I will update after I have been taking it for a longer amount of time .
 I started using the vitamins years ago for hair growth . I always buy them in stores , and finally got the bright idea to check on Amazon . So much cheaper and same great vitamin . Oh , also I started using the regular Women 's vitamin from this brand because of the ginger . All other vitamins made me throw up literally every time I tried to take them . These are wonderful .
 I 've had great results with this product my baby is healthy and I never felt sick though my pregnancy so I feel this aided in the amazing pregnancy . Amazon offers the best price I 've seen .
 I used this prenatal last year throughout my entire pregnancy and dont know what I would have done without it . I was a preschool teacher in a 4-5 year old room and needed all the energy I could get . I could feel it the days I didnt take my multi . Now , as a proud breastfeeding momma of a 13 month old little girl I still take this vitamin . It is awesome !
 Like a previous reviewer , I would like to take these vitamins even if I am not pregnant or trying to have a baby.When I decided I wanted to take prenatal vitamins , I was hoping my doctor would suggest one for me . She did not , nor did she provide a list of what the basic minimum requirements were for a prenatal vitamin . After a few web searches , I found a list of essentials on WebMD.com - the vitamins and minerals that should be included in a prenatal vitamin at the bare minimum level . I was surprised to find that many prenatal vitamins did not have all the necessary ingredients in the quantities suggested as `` minimum . '' What is the point then ? A friend suggested I get a prescription and that it might be the only way to find a vitamin with all the bases covered . I finally found this vitamin which met or exceeded all of the nutrients I had on my list in the recommended quantities . I was delighted . The price was great . I have never had any issues with morning sickness.Less important are the points that my hair has become incredibly shiny and managable , healthier than I can ever remember it being -LRB- I wear it very long -RRB- . My nails too are growing more quickly and feel stronger.In summary I highly recommend this vitamin because 1 -RRB- . it meets all the basic requirements that a prenatal vitamin should meet , which apparently is uncommon unless you going the prescription route , 2 -RRB- . it is affordable , and 3 -RRB- . I have not experienced any adverse side effects .
 After searching the internet for reviews and ingredients for the best prenatal ; I decided to order these . I do n't have issues with taking large pills , but even for me , these are bigger than I prefer to have to take on a daily basis . I started taking while trying to conceive and so I ca n't comment on how they affect my pregnant tummy -LRB- yet -RRB- . They have not given me any side effects except turning urine bright yellow . I liked what the included for ingredients and plan on continuing during an entire pregnancy unless my stomach decides otherwise .
 This has been a great product for me both during and after my pregnancies since I breastfeed . With 10 children , I 've used it for many years ! Doctor recommended ! And the best part is that I only have to take it once a day !
 I was using Rainbow Light before getting pregnant and it was an easy decision to use it for my prenatal needs . Vitamins that are food based work better for me . My body absorbs them better and best of all I do n't get sick after taking them . I typically get nauseous with chemical based vitamins . I like the fact that I only have to take it once a day and the only reason I do n't give 5 stars is because of the smell , which I have gotten use to but might be a problem for some people .
 I have been using this prenatal since i was 12 weeks pregnant . My dd is now 10 months old and i still take it -LRB- nursing mother -RRB- . I highly recommend this prenatal because i have found it to be of great value for a high quality vitamin . much cheaper to buy online than in my local grocery store . also , the fact that i only need to take one a day was key to chosing it . But the main reason for chosing this one is because the form of iron in this particular supplement is NOT ferrous fumarate , which can be a very constipating form of iron . Amino acid chelated iron does not constipate and the addition of spirulena in the ingredient helps digestion as well . during pregnancy and first 9 months of nursing , i also took the DHA supplement that rainbow light offers . i never got sick , constipated or nausiated from these pills . i find it best to take them before bed , because i keep them by my bedside so i remember before i sleep . also these vits are odorless and dye free . I have noticed a my skin has been really soft since taking them too and my nails are really strong and grow beautifully . i can not say enough about them !
 These are wonderful vitamins . Never give me stomach problems , either before or during pregnancy . But , please note , the supplement facts given in the photo above is OUTDATED !!! If you order , you will get the new formulation , which is actually much better and can be found on the Rainbow Light website .
 LITTLE UPDATE
 Great prenatal vitamin . Every woman of childbearing age should be taking one . Has an adequate amount of folic acid . My wife hates swallowing pills , so this is perfect for people like her . It 's just one pill .
 LOVE this brain . It 's food based so you do n't need to take with Food.I will more than likely continue taking after I give birth .
 I love these prenatals ! I try to eat mostly organic , and even though these are not organic , I 've research them and feel that they are the healthiest alternative . They are the only prenatals I will buy from now on . No side effects , def . recommend !
 I 'm TTC and was taking the Rainbow Light complete pre-natal . I just got tired of swallowing 6 large pills daily so switched to this . It provides almost the same amount of vitamins . I have had no digestive issues or funky after tastes .
 I got these pills in the mail a few days ago and have taken them for just a short amount of time , but I swear I can feel a difference already . I was taking a generic over the counter prenatal from Wal-Mart when I was advised by a Dr to try something a little more natural and healthy.Wow , I have a much higher level of energy ! I &#34; m no longer pregnant , but breastfeeding so I still take these.Not sure what the ` smell ' comments are all about . I still have a strong sniffer , but I think the smell is pretty minimal and I can really only smell it when I stick my nose to the open bottle . They are large , but hardly any larger than other prenatals I have taken.P.S . I read that they give some people gas and that has been true for me too . That 's the only downside so far .
 I did not experience any morning sickness and I believe this multivitamin help me to be in good health to get pregnant .
 I 'm very happy to find a prenatal where I only have to take one pill daily -LRB- some have 3/4 ! -RRB- it includes everything you need including DHA & it does n't make me nauseous ! Is totally recommend . Plus at 150 tabs the price is fantastic !
 Other than chewable gummies , which are n't always potent enough to be true prenatal and mother vitamins , most vitamins smell and taste disgusting to me . This one is tolerable , makes my hair grow faster , does n't hurt my stomach , has digestive enzymes , and has all the qualities I expect in a prenatal . I haveconfidently taken it through two pregnancies now and while nursing for one year .
 I used it when I was trying to get pregnant . Now that I am pregnant :--RRB- I continue using it . No nausea :--RRB- yippeeee . I feel energetic the whole day . I have tried other brands but this is the best . Highly recommend
 Arrived on time and was exactly what I ordered . Great service and product . Would definitely buy from them again . Absolutely no side effects at all and the they do n't irritate my stomach .
 I decided on this prenatal after doing a moderate amount of research . Here are the key points that tipped the scales for me :1 . I like that this one was a food-based vitamin rather than chemical-based like so many others on the market .2 . I like that this one was a one-a-day approach -LRB- probably not the best distribution of nutrients for me and my growing baby , but when you 're hardly able to keep your face out of the toilet , one pill is just about all you can stomach down . -RRB- 3 . I like that there are probiotics AND digestive support built right in to help ease morning sickness at the beginning and constipation at the end of pregnancy . Its almost like they 've thought of EVERYTHING!I am currently 11mos postpartum , still exclusively breastfeeding , and this prenatal has served me well from my antenatal months on through my breastfeeding months . I will likely continue to take this prenatal even after I am done breastfeeding since we plan to try for another baby in a year or so . After I 'm done baby-making and baby-feeding , I will switch to the appropriate Rainbow Light vitamin for the next stage of my life .
 These vitamins had mixed reviews . I have absolutely no issues with taking them . That being said , they must be taken with a meal . . as do most vitamins . My hair and nails grow very quickly while I 'm taking these vitamins . I recommend them !
 I started using them now for a couple weeks and noticed that my hair , skin and nails are getting healthier . They did not upset my stomach so that worked out great ! Also my obgyn wanted to sell these for $ 48 dollars at her clinic so buying them online were much better .
 i took these while pregnant and am now nursing . i love them ! i even did the dissolve test from dr oz with these and they passed ! great product . they never gave me gut or `` bathroom '' issues
 Hubby and I are ` planning ' my pregnancy and after much research on taking prenatal vitamins , I decided to take this . Have been taking them for 6 weeks , and I have noticed that : a -RRB- some bad stomach cramps when taken with yogurt drinksb -RRB- felt a little bit nauseous on the first few intakes , and have read that it 's to be taken with milk or during meals ; to which some light gas , maybe bloating is experienced when taken with milkc -RRB- slight constipation though additional water intake would alleviate this problem.So far , I have gotten used to the large pill , and thankful to be only taking them once a day . At the moment , I am taking them every other day due to the slight constipation , still experimenting how I would later adjust to the pill.It 's not as complete as it promises , and would need to supplement more with Calcium and Omega 3 -LRB- with DHA and EFA , more importantly -RRB- . I appreciate it being vegan , and will continue to take it as I ca n't simple find any other prenatals that 's as good as this one .
 I ordered this product because I read a review that it helps with the growth and shine or healthy hair and nails . I 've only been using it for about 2 weeks but I 've noticed that my hair is much more manageable . I have n't noticed a difference in my nails though .
 Once a day and no nausea . Two good selling points . ... and now I have a happy , healthy 3 week old daughter so it must have worked . = >
 I have been taking prenatal vitamins for the last 6 years . I have had prescription vitamins , generic brand vitamins , and everything in between . These are the best , by far . These prenatal vitamins make me feel good . I do n't have issues with irregularity with these vitamins , either , which is a plus . These vitamins make me feel more energetic and more healthy . I love them ! I wo n't be taking anything else .
 First off -- After reading most of these reviews , I really wonder what this world is coming to -LRB- lol -RRB- People complaining about the size of the pill ? Well , yes , it may look rather large and scary to swallow , but there 's always a way to fix that . Unless everyone that complained about the pill size was n't using their brain . What I did was bite it in half , drink a sip of water and swallow . -LRB- they are not hard to bite through . -RRB- Then swallow the other half . Ta da . Problem solved!Now for the good stuff . I was drawn to the `` Once a Day '' label on the package , and of course that these pills are all natural , made from plants , `` gentle '' and easy to digest for pregnant women and comes with every vitamin/mineral you and baby need . This product proved to be wonderful . I feel great taking these , I look FORWARD to taking them . And what 's strange ? I actually am addicted to their smell ! They have this herb-like/vegetable scent that I find so delicious . Anyway , I am now 38 weeks pregnant and still using them once a day . I absolutely love them and will recommend them to any mommy !
 Before I discovered these I was going to walgreens and literally paying double the price for a brand I ca n't even remember now . Rainbow Light is a good brand , has the same ingredients as the more expensive one 's , and has the exact nutrients someone needs for prenatal care . I like too that they are natural and do n't make me feel sick which I 've heard of happening to others . Also , these vitamins have the ingredient insitiol i.e. vitamin B8 -RRB- in them . Besides being something good for the fetus and for milk production , if you take 20-30mg per day , you also see a noticeable difference in the health and look of your hair , nails , and skin . These pills only have 10mg per serving so I also take it in powder form to get the extra benefit ,200 Gram -LRB- 7.06 Oz -RRB- Inositol Bulk Powder , pretty neat bonus.During my last pregnancy I actually kept taking this multi after I had my baby since I was breastfeeding . It would n't depend on it entirely to produce breast milk , but it is an all-around great multi-vitamin and the one I recommend to all my friends . For both children I had trouble with producing milk and both times I took fenugreek and blessed thistle , Nature 's Way Blessed Thistle -LRB- 390mg -RRB- 100 Capsules + FREE Fenugreek -LRB- 610mg -RRB- 100 Capsulesand as a result neither child has tasted formula . I 'm sure it would have been a longer process if I were n't supplying my body with the nutrients found in Rainbow Light , but fenugreek and the like have always been a quick fix for me .
 I want to address the issues that almost kept me from purchasing these .1 . `` They smell awful/sour/like dog food/like sour milk or yogurt '' - Either this has been addressed by the company or those people had a bad batch or something . I am in the super-smelling , easily nauseated stage of pregnancy and these barely have a scent . If I stick the open bottle to my nose , it smells mildly botanical . I was greatly relieved .2 . `` There is lead content '' - This has been addressed by the company . They were always within FDA limits . They now test regularly to ensure the naturally occurring lead content is below both FDA level allowance and the stricter California Prop 65 level allowance -LRB- which you might have noticed is a bit - or alot - ridiculous sometimes -RRB- .3 . `` They are ENORMOUS/too big to swallow/get stuck in your throat/horse pills ! '' - I am convinced the people who wrote these have not taken many vitamin supplements before . They are identical in size or smaller than most supplements I 've taken . The fact is , vitamins are bulky . Take it with a decent glass of water -LRB- 8 oz at least -RRB- and it wo n't get stuck . That 's the best way to take prenatals anyhow .4 . They do n't contain calcium - I ca n't even imagine how big these would be if they contained enough absorbable calcium for a pregnant woman . I 'm totally fine with taking my calcium on the side , which ends up being two pills that are each larger than the Rainbow Light prenatal.Basically , these are nothing to worry about -LRB- for me anyhow -RRB- and BY FAR the cheapest way to take a whole food vitamin prenatal supplement . 150 tablets is 5 month 's worth ... for $ 17 .
 I suffer from PCOS -LRB- Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome -RRB- which causes infertility and has a multitude of syptoms and other conditions associated
 I specifically searched for this item online just so I could rave about it ! I used these prenatals with my second pregnancy and wish I 'd had them for my first . I continued to take them for the year I spent nursing my baby . They made me feel so good that I have started taking them again in place of a multi -LRB- I 'm not currently pregnant -RRB- . After trying many expensive brands of multivitamins -LRB- including the $ $ $ packets that are supposed to be better than a `` one-a-day '' pill -RRB- , I still maintain I was better off with this one remarkable vitamin . After 4 days of consistently taking this , I am NOTICABLY more awake , energized , and focused . Instead of taking a vitamin because I am `` supposed to , '' I take it because it actually makes me FEEL BETTER . I do n't have to blindly hope that it 's doing something!I am appalled by the people who whine about the bad taste and smell . They are supposed to be SWALLOWED , after all . Nobody says you have to suck on them . Vitamins and minerals that are natural , potent , and effective SHOULD have a sort of funky smell . Think of what they are made from ! A `` pretty '' vitamin with no smell or taste is going to made of mostly synthetic ingredients that are n't going to be absorbed by your body anyway . I mean jeez , most people take vitamins in the first place because they are too lazy to eat right , so they try to get the required nutrients in a convenient little pill . They are vitamins and minerals you and your baby NEED , in a PILL , that you SWALLOW , ONCE A DAY . Now you want it to taste good on the way down and not have an odor ? Do you want a vitamin that works , or one that is super attractive -- because this one works . Hold your nose and take it with something sweet if you have to .
 I did a lot of research before buying these vitamins , and I can say with confidence that I felt they were the best choice for me and my baby -LRB- except maybe New Chapter vitamins , but those are SO crazy expensive and have to be taken so frequently that they really were n't a viable option -RRB- . I was very concerned about the lead content issue raised in one of the reviews of this product and I followed up with the FDA and my midwife and the Rainbow Light company and I received sufficient evidence to dispell my concerns.I 'll admit , the taste can be pretty miserable and the pills are enormous . I gag about 90 % of the time I swallow them ... but I always get them down eventually . Anyhow , my feeling is , it 's a worthwhile sacrifice for my baby 's health .
 This is my first time taking a prenatal vitamin , so I have nothing to compare my experience to ... but I have to say that I love these vitamins ! I spent a lot of time reading reviews for different brands/types of prenatal vitamins , before deciding on these . I love the fact that they 're all natural , & made from actual food/plants rather than synthetics . And I love the fact that they have n't added any unnecessary dyes , or artificial ingredients , etc.From my research , this prenatal vitamin seems to have just about all of the nutrients that you 'll need to have
 I have been taking these vitamins for the past 5 years . I started them when I found out I was pregnant with my first child and continued taking them through the birth and breastfeeding of my second child . I like them because it is only one pill per day and they never made me feel sick to my stomach .
 I began taking these prenatal vitamins with my first pregnancy , and have continued them through nursing and now during my second pregnancy . They are convenient because you only need to take them once a day and they do n't make me nauseous . I was concerned that I may not be getting the same vitamin by ordering online , but I called Rainbow Light and they assured me that the vitamins all come from the same warehouse .
 I was going along fine with pregnancy until they gave me the prescription prenatal which had parabens and dyes in it . Do n't know why they add that stuff when it 's not necessary . I started getting sick and decided to order these . I took them all through the first and most of the second before they decided to try a prenatal that had the `` stool softener '' in it . I was n't having problems but figured soon I would . This prenatal actually made constipation worse so I again , switched back to Rainbow Light and all was better . All of our ultrasounds show a very healthy , very very active baby - why rock the boat ? I am in my 3rd trimester and doing great . Only negative is that this vitamin may not have as much iron as the prescriptions - I just started an iron supplement of 325mg .
 I did not check any of the reviews before purchasing these vitamins . Finding out I am pregnant is a great surprise to me and I just knew that I needed to start taking some vitamins , and fast . I have been exhausted and went to the store this evening , praying and trusting my instincts to choose the best one for me at this time.I have not been to the doctor or anything yet so I needed to get something really good without having to pay an arm and a leg . I took time to check out the vitamin content for each of the few I had narrowed my choices down to . I finally decided to go with the Rainbow Light as it `` felt '' like the best one , and to top it off it was on sale . Bonus!I came home and opened the bottle and I have to admit , the first thing I thought when I looked in the bottle and saw the pills was `` Oh my God , they 're HORSE PILLS ! '' lol But I made up my mind these are the best for me right now and I took one . I am VERY picky about the way vitamins smell and taste and these do not bother me at all . I did not have any problem swallowing the pill either . I must add I HATE taking pills . Hate it ! Positive thinking toward the entire thing goes a long way , however ! Remember it is for your precious little bundle and for your sake as well.I do n't know if this will help others or not , but I have a little trick I use when I have to take medicine I do n't like , or big pills that may be difficult to swallow
 My husband and I are planning on a baby soon so I wanted to take a pre natal that I could take once a day since I am horrible at remembering to take pills . . So far , the only problem I have had is constipation . Since I have had some prior issues , and this is not making it any better , I am a little concerned , but read some other reviews that suggested taking it every other day to help which I will do and increase water intake . As far as swallowing goes , I have to laugh at some people ... if its that bad to swallow , take it in applesauce , or yogurt or something . I take it in applesauce , cant taste it , or feel it going down ! I will also comment ... it may give you some bad gas during the first week but that has since subsided . My poor husband LOL !!! good luck ladies = -RRB-
 wife wanted to takes these rather than a normal multi-vita . She said multi-vitas dont give her the boost she need like these do . So she got what she wanted .
 I just tried my Just Once prenatal vitamins and am happy to say that unlike the prenatal vitamins I 've had in the past , these do not make me sick . Perhaps its that these are a natural , food based supplement or perhaps they do n't contain such high doses of many vitamins but these are easy to take -LRB- yes , a tad big but I 've had bigger -RRB- and they smell kinda green and earthy , not pungent like other prenatals . Most importantly , they do not make me feel queezy so big plus there . Happy I found these and they are available in most drug stores .
 I switched to these after trying a pill my Dr. gave me in the office -LRB- samples -RRB- . After switching to these my morning sickness calmed down a bit and I was able to stomach these easier . I saw others complain about how large the pill is and I do not find them any larger than any other prenatal vitamin/multi-vitamin . I think they are great and I will most deffinately use them through my entire pregnancy . The ONLY down side is this vitamin does not have enough suggested DHA in it . My Dr. has me taking an Omega 3 vitamin -LRB- gel caplet -RRB- too . I am ok with that .
 I have never been able to take any kind of multivitamin -LRB- even liquid form -RRB- without feeling sick , and I have no problem with these . When I found out I was pregnant taking a multivitamin was one of my prime concerns . Rainbow light was actually recomended to me by a friend -LRB- who takes them not being pregnant -RRB- . I have taken them with or without food , and at different times of day with no problem . Do n't be scared to take a chance on these !!
 No nausea when taken with food - like that it 's only once a day , otherwise I tend to get nauseous when I do n't have a full-enough stomach . Has everything I believe I need for the pregnancy .
 After reacting to other prenatal brands , my friend told me about Rainbow Light . I love them ! It 's very natural and easy to the body . I would recommend this brand to anyone who is prefers natural and organic products .
 Never before have I felt an energy boost from a vitamin , but this one does it for me .
 Rainbow Light is a great prenatal vitamin . It does not upset your stomach either ! The best part is that it is all natural unlike most prenatal vitamins . The only downfall is the price .
 Most vitamins make me kind of sick . These do not ! I love that that have a good variety of vitamins in them & that they do n't have any animal ingredents in them either .
 I 've on Just One Prenatal One for 2 months and like it . It 's pretty easy on the stomach . Also the daily Vitamin A dosage is pretty slow compared with other brands . I 'll stick with it .
 I actually notice the difference in this vitamin ... gives you the will to fight off a daily nap and does not upset your stomach .
 i had been using another brand of veggie based vitamins but they were WAY more expensive ! so i tried these out and they were exactly the same . i 'm seriously saving about $ 25 a month just by switching to the rainbow light brand . they are just perfect all the way around !
 My wife used these when she was pregnant with our first son , and continues to take them postpartum . These were the only vitamins that did not upset her stomach . Her midwife had never heard of them but was impressed with the ingredients . Overall , a great product and I now but Rainbow Light vitamins for myself .
 These vitamins are great . They are the cheapest pro-biotic , whole food vitamins out there but that is a big side bonus for me . These vitamins have a great proportion of nutrients that a pregnant woman needs . I actually had been a big proponent of New Chapter vitamins and my husband and I took the multivitamin for several years . However , when I looked into their New Chapter prenatal vitamins and not only do you have to take three a day , but they are almost no different from the daily multivitamin -LRB- but MUCH more expensive - $ 44 for 2 months -RRB- but they lack the iron and calcium levels a pregnant woman needs . These are the best !
 This product I have taken for years during both of my pregnancies . I continue to take because of the outsatnding quality and the nutritional value that comes from it regardless of your physical state of being . Plus not strong on the stomach . Love it !! Every woman should take it year round no matter what !
 This is my 3rd pregnancy and suffered slight morning sickness as well as pretty bad restless leg syndrome in the 2nd/3rd trimester ; these vitamins were recomended to me and I ca n't believe with this pregnancy I have had no morning sickness and absolutly no issues with restless leg syndrome at night ... I did find that I ran out of these and had some pain the few nights I did n't take it but quickly restocked and no more pain ... Love these !
 I originally started taking the Women 's Just 1 multivitamins until I became pregnant . These pills are big but they are not hard to swallow . They do n't really have a bad after taste and it goes down pretty easily . I love that it 's only once a day and you are good to go . It does make your urine darker so remember to drink plenty of water with it .
 Really like this prenatal vitamin . Appreciate that it 's a `` once a day '' PNV , compared to many others that are several pills a day . It is all natural , which I wanted , and does have a ` grassy ' smell ... but that does n't bother me at all . It is a significantly large pill , so if you have trouble swallowing pills , this is not the one for you . No issues with stomach upset , but I do take it with a meal . Highly recommend this for women !
 I 've been on these for over a month now and really like the fact that they have n't upset my stomach . They also do n't leave behind a yucky aftertaste like some vitamins . Once you take them -LRB- I take them with food -RRB- then the taste is gone . They are a bit big , but coming from someone who does n't swallow pills well , they 're fine . I am really pleased with this product .
 It is not that huge like what the reviewers were saying . It is just like the size of centrum . I was n't sure when I was about to buy this because they were saying that it 's huge . I bought it , and had no complaints about it . The photos here in amazon , saying has free tablets , it does n't .
 I 've been taking Rainbow Light Prenatal One for many years , first prenatal , than postnatal -LRB- when breastfeeeding -RRB- , than prenatal again and now again for breastfeeding . So , in total it 's been about 5 years so far -LRB- without breaks -RRB- ... They are very easy on stomach and give needed energy . My hair and skin love it too ... I decided that I 'll keep on taking them even when I stop breastfeeding , why should I search for good multivitamins when I have a proven formula already .
 They are bigger than some & not coated but I think they are great quality !
 I decided to take this for my 2nd pregnancy . The first time around I took the prescription vitamins and I was told that a food based vitamin is better . The prescription vitamins made me a lot sicker than these do . These are pretty easy to swallow and I have not gotten sick from taking them.I do feel more energized with these vitamins than the prescription ones . After reading the back of the label I did notice that it had more folic acid than the prescription vitamin . One thing my midwife says is that I should take a normal vitamin and then take an iron supplement at the end of the day . She says when you take a vitamin with iron it blocks the iron absorption . Since I already bought these I 'm going to finish the bottle . When they run out I 'll do as she recommended.I think I might take these vitamins even after I 'm pregnant because they make me feel better !
 I was going broke just trying to find a pre-natal vitamin that would n't upset my stomach and this one won and the best price for it was right here on Amazon . I would recommend them to ANYONE .
 I bought these after researching many different vitamins and I 'm so happy I did . They have all the nutrients I need and they do n't constipate me , though I do take a fiber gummy with them . They are pretty expensive in the store but the Amazon price makes them very affordable . Worth the extra money to know I 'm not getting all the junk and lead that are in other prenatal vitamins . Yes , I said lead ! See the link here for more info about lead in vitamins :[ ... -RSB- The Rainbow light complete prenatal system is quite a bit higher in lead however this prenatal one is fairly low .
 My RN recommended the brand but I decided to go with the one a day version . The pills smell a bit funny but I have always had a keen sense of smell even prior to pregnancy . I tae one first thing each morning with water or juice and i feel just fine.Very easy to take , no gas what so ever . My nails have started to grow very fast , my skin is soft and supple . I have only been using it for 2 weeks so I gave it 4 stars otherwise I would have given it 5 . Maybe in a few weeks I can update to 5 stars should the pill continue to work well with my body .
 I tried at least 3 different brands of Prenatals before settling on this one . One of the ones I tried smelled really bad , and it just did not sit well in my tummy . The second was really expensive , and the 3rd one was the same as the first one.This one does not smell bad , I have n't had any bad tummy experience with it -LRB- have been taking it for ~ a month -RRB- . It is still big but all prenatals are . The price is great as well ! Will order again .
 I actually started taking this vitamin after I had my second child and I have been very happy with the results . I wanted to take a vitamin that had everything I needed for my health and for my baby since I am nursing . I like that it has no artificial colors or fillers , is food-based , and has probiotics added . I can tell that these vitamins are working for me because my fingernails are very strong and they grow amazingly long - they 've never been like this before , even when taking other prenatal vitamins . I also have less digestion issues since taking this vitamin . I used to have frequent issues with IBS and now I do n't have many issues , if any . This is probably due in part to the probiotics in this vitamin . I am very pleased with this product and plan to continue to purchase products from Rainbow Light even after I no longer need to take prenatal vitamins . I 've also bought their children 's chewable star vitamins for my 3 year old son and he loves them .
 I 've never had much luck taking vitamins before -LRB- nausea , heartburn , food intolerances and allergies , etc -RRB- , but these are great ! I have n't had any trouble with them and I 've been taking them for several weeks . I do break them in half and take them with a hot beverage ... helps it slide down better :-RRB- These are the first prenatal vitamins I tried and I do n't intend to try any others !
 These vitamins are great - usually prenatal vitamins make me feel queasy if I do n't take them with food but these are gentle enough that I can take it a few hours after a meal and still feel fine . Only having to take one vitamin a day is also a huge perk . I found these vitamins in my second trimester but I wish I had had these during the first trimester when I felt so sick ! I 'll definitely stick with these vitamins for the rest of this pregnancy and any future ones .
 After struggling for years to find a vitamin that I could take in the morning without getting nauseous , I finally stumbled upon these ! I could n't be happier . I used them for a year before getting pregnant , and actually never got morning sickness -LRB- vitamin B build-up or genetics - i have no idea -RRB- and was able to take them even with a touchy stomach a few times . I did partner them with the DHA 250 Smart Essentials in the same brand once pregnant and have been happy with those too . Also , I never noticed any after-taste for either vitamin . I highly recommend !
 These vitamins are wonderful ! They do n't make me sick and have everything in them . I highly recommend them to anyone that is getting pregnant or is already .
 Easy to digest , none of that achy stomach feeling after taking one . take with or without a meal . covers all the bases for prenatal and vegetable/food based .
 Good basic prenatal . It is HUGE and tastes bad but I take it with juice and it goes down fine . I was still anemic even with this vitamin but that may be more due to diet than to a problem with the vitamin .
 Been taking these for a couple of years now . Been fighting with very low iron for years . These are the first vitiams with iron that do n't make me sick to my stomach and increase my iron levels ! Best price I have ever found !
 Love that I only have to take 1 prenatal pill a day with this brand . Never upsets my stomach or makes me feel sick . Took the bottle with me to my OBGYN and she said this is a great option . For the price you ca n't beat it !
 I have been using this product for several years -LRB- still TTC , keeping the faith -RRB- ... and the vitamins are top quality . I love everything about this product . Unfortunately , this most recent order was placed in January and it is now February 8th ... and still has n't been shipped to me . The company says it 's on backorder , but that was only after I had emailed them with my concerns . They did not initiate contact to let me know of the delay ahead of time . Now I have only 3 vitamins left , and they tell me they will not be shipping until next week . Not happy with this seller .
 I 'm not pregnant but it seems to be gentle on the stomach -LRB- they 're quite big though -RRB- . Just do n't panic if your pee turns bright yellow ! Seems like the high content of vitamin B6 does that : -RRB-
 I really like these , they do n't make me killingly , achingly hungry like some prenatals I 've taken , they do n't hurt my stomach as some others have done , and you only have to take one ! No bad aftertaste , no cumbersome `` round '' of pills . All around great vitamin . Highly recommended !
 This is a terrific product . I noticed a difference in the way I felt in the first week . It gave me the energy and peace of mind I needed throughout pregnancy and now while nursing . I can rest assured that I am giving my body -LRB- and baby -RRB- the supplements needed to be healthy .
 I used this product when I was pregnant with my first child while I was in China and have now ordered this again while trying for my second and am in Australia . Fantastic shipping -LRB- arrived earlier than advised -RRB- and great price for the benefit the product offers . I will be sharing this with my friends
 Product did just what it is suppose to -- Extra energy , would definately purcgase L-Aginine again . Had my doubts when i heard about it on the Dr. Oz . show .
 There 's a lot of talk lately about NOS based benefits to men . I have found for myself that adjusting the amount taken and the rate of frequency taking it does change the results . Yet not everything happens as fast as microwave food . This path is a slow and gentle restoration to health . Allow it the time it needs to bring you back to center .
 i had bought this for a gift to my daughter who is chemical sensitive and type one diabetic . the product is not only better product but also vegetarian
 I bought this for my mom because she cares for my dad . His bed needs changed often so she needs a reserve of clean sheets and blankets . This set was ideal and very economical . I will be purchasing more in the future . In these situations anything that can make their lives easier is very appreciated .
 When I was told at a recent hospitalization that I would qualify for a hospital bed , I really did n't want to get one . But , I have seasonal asthma , so being able to adjust my bed for better breathing is important . I searched local stores , but the only thing I could find was twin size linens , and they do n't work too well with adjustable beds . The bed in a bag that I got from Amazon does a really good job and the quality is fine . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I bought 2 of these sets from Amazon over 8 months ago when my 96 year old mother went into hospice care . The sheets are soft and fit the hospital bed mattress beautifully , even with the pressure pump pad on the bed . They stay put , the corners do n't pop off and the design of the top sheet leaves plenty of toe room.They have been washed and dried at least 3 times a week and have really held up well ... still look like new and have kept their shape . I am buying another set just so that I wo n't have to be washing bedding every day.I like the fact that the bottom sheet is trimmed in blue and the top sheet is trimmed in green . Makes it very easy to grab the right sheet when you are changing the bed . All of the CNA 's who have come in to care for my mom have commented on how nice these sheets are and have asked where I got them . Definitely a 5 star product !
 I gave this bed in a bag 4 star as the top sheet is trimmed in green and the bottom trimmed in blue . The sheets are truly wonderful though . Very soft against the skin , and wash beautifully.I would have liked the blanket to be a little longer as I can only tuck in the bottom edges . The blanket is made of cotton and feels a little rough . My spouse does n't seem to mind as the blanket is light weight for summer.I would love to buy additional identical sheets from this company but they do not offer them
 I purchased this item for my Mother who came to stay with us . The sheets are very soft . The blanket , well-just like the hospital blankets ... not that impressive
 These sheets are awesome , fitting a hospital bed with a thick air mattress/overlap -LRB- with machine pump -RRB- on top of the bed mattress . My mother is 97 and bed-ridden . These sheets wash great and fit easily over the thick mattresses . I like how the top sheet has fitted corners on the bottom so that it stays tucked in . This feature is nice because my mother has a lot of leg movement when she sleeps . The blanket is an extra value . Overall , I highly recommend these . I have two sets and this is all I use for the hospital bed .
 Very practical product for a home hospital bed . The lightweight white blanket can be bleached , which is a nice feature for this particular use . I also liked that the top sheet has a fitted pocket bottom to help hold it in place .
 I WANT TO KNOW IF THIS IS A WHOLE BED OR IS JUST A MATRESS TO PUT ON THE BED ???? I AM REALLY INTERESTED BUT I NEED A COMPLETE BED AND I WANT TO KNOW IF THIS IS IT . . THANK YOU
 I 've tried all of the Atkins bars , and many other lo carb bars . This is my favorite . Little bit of crunch , slightly sweet , not too dry .
 I 've tried many of the Atkins Advantage bars , and this is by far my favorite . Also good are Chocolate Mocha Crunch and Chocolate Peanut Butter . Hopefully Amazon will offer these flavors soon . I highly recommend this product .
 I have tried most nutritious bars on the planet and these rate pretty well . They do n't have sugar or icky fructose but Splenda which makes them perfect for me . I do n't want extra calories to sweeten a bar . Since I have bought these my appetite has gone away and I am not even an Atkins dieter . I highly recommend them for someone wanting a snack , -LRB- candy bar type treat -RRB- , that will fill you up . A lot of protein and fiber , yes some fat , and no sugar . Thanks !
 I use these bars for a quick tune up and loss of about 5 pounds with this strategy ... I 'll do a 24 hour fast on water using the strategies described in Paul Bragg 's `` The Miracle of Fasting . '' Water fasting throws me into ketosis in about 16 hours.Then on the 24th hour , I break the fast with a low carb , Atkins induction diet for 24 to 48 hours.Then , I finish the week feeling great and 5 pounds lighter using my everyday diet -LRB- which is very much like that described in `` The Abs Diet , Eat Right Every Time '' -RRB- . I 'm not over weight , but I keep a 6 pack at 45 years old by walking 20 milse a week and using this routine every month or two.For those who are overweight , I 'd recommend that you consider fasting ... the physician 's who say nay have probably never tried it.These bars work great for the Atkins induction day following a 24 hour water day -LRB- you 'd be surprised how good almsot anything tastes after 24 hours on water ... my experience has been the more overweight the person the pickier the eater -RRB- . For the Atkins induction day ... I usually start with an omlette for breakfast , use three of these bars with lots of water -LRB- I prefer Dannon 's bottled water -RRB- while at work , and finish the day with a salad on arrival home and another omlette at bedtime.Of course , all of these strategies should be approved by your physician . For more , see my reviews of the books mentioned above -LRB- and my website -RRB- . Peace & Health , Charles Runels , MDAuthor of `` Anytime ... for as Long as You Want
 I really like this bar , the texture is not too sweet and icky like a lot of other brands which can have a nasty aftertaste . No sugar is awesome , most bars are loaded with sugar which seems like pure insanity to me.Just a note about carbs , one reviewer expressed concern that this bar had way more carbs than the next carb number . Net carbs are the carbs that count when doing Atkins & I think other low carb program . Fiber counts on nutrition panels as a carbohydrate but when dieting is a good thing , so you subtract it from the figures . Otherwise broccoli would even look like a high carb food ! These , like most of the sweet food replacers also use sugar alcohols , which alter glucose levels very little but help with the sweet taste . I would n't eat this at every meal , but I really love them when I 'm on the run and the only other options are bagels and muffins .
 I 'd just like to dispell another reviewers comment on carbs . I 'm a type one diabetic and i 've been thru enough nutritional classes tought by medical professionals to know that not all carbs are the same . Net carbs and net carbs only affect blood glucose levels . If you want to see it for yourself go out and buy a blood glucose monitor , test your blood before eating an atkins bar , eat an atkins bar and test your blood 15-20 minutes after eating the bar . You should notice very little difference in your BG level . The next day try the same experimant with a snickers bar or something loaded with carbs/sugar . Im sure you 'll see that not all carbs are equal . ; - -RRB-
 Best on the market by value and taste - 60 gr . a bar with 3 gr . net carbs . Got them for $ 9.99 as the other reviewer but mine have expiry date of Jan 06 so I am sorry I did not order more .
 I think that these are the best low-carb protein bars I 've had so far ! They are supposed to taste like S'mores ! Hello ! Graham crackers are not cookies ! I think that these bars taste exactly like cold s'mores ! Yum !!!
 I heard about this thing at a BBQ about a month ago . I thought it sounded crazy but this woman said it really stopped her from itching and I am one of those people that itches a lot ... well I have not had to itch all summer and it is the end of July :-RRB- - it gets kind of hot and feels like a little pinch but it is quick and stops quickly .
 I am so sad that the Itch Zapper has been discontinued . I still have two that work , thank heavens . I get bit . A lot . Mosquitoes love me , even when I am doused in deet . So when I discovered the Itch Zapper , I finally was able to enjoy the outdoors , knowing that if I were bit , I would be able to control the itch so that I would n't scratch off the bite and make it ugly . Why did they stop making this product ? So sad . However , I have found that using a Bic lighter can serve the same function , if you are careful . Turn on the flame , let the metal heat up , wait til you can touch it to your wrist and hold it there , then apply to the bite . Pretty much the same thing as the Zapper , just powered by lighter fluid rather than battery .
 I bought the `` blue mouse '' version of the Itch Zapper from Amazon in 2006 . I 've been super pleased . It works very well for me.Previously I would suffer a lot from mosquito bites . The itching and swelling lasted about 4 days . I 'd tried cortisone creams and creams with benzocaine , and other creams and ointments , and nothing worked.Now if I get a bite I use the Itch Zapper . The itching stops instantly . Sometimes the itching starts again and I use the device again . But after an hour or so the bite does n't itch any more . There is never any swelling.The tip heats up and it does feel intensely hot for a very brief time , then the heat stops . There are two settings for the level of heat.The price is reasonable . This item takes a 9 volt battery . -LRB- Since I only use the Itch Zapper occasionally , I store it with the battery out , and only put it in when I 'm using it . -RRB- As I understand it , a chemical in the insect 's saliva is what causes the itching and swelling , and the heat from the itch zapper breaks down the chemical.I 'm so glad I found this item . Thank you Amazon and thank you Itch Zapper !
 I love this cream . It feels so light but so moisturizing . The scent is so refreshing and soothing . After using this product for just a couple days , my skin had more of a natural glow . A scar I 've had since I was 2 is less noticeable . I normally go from one cream to the next , but this one I actually stay with .
 I have been using Azure Cosmeceuticals HydroPeptide corrective face creme for a little over three weeks now and I am so pleased with the results thus far . Right away I noticed how smooth it made my face feel and the smell is very refreshing . Now a few weeks later I have surprisingly noticed how the lines around my eyes are not as deep as they once seemed . Even though I love smiling and laughing I do n't like the lines they 've produced around the corners of my mouth . Those I am noticing are not as intense as well . I do n't think I 've ever been as pleased with a product as I am with HydroPeptide and I have spent my fair share of money on top brand name products . My next product I want to purchase from Azure is their Eye treatment , dark circles concentrate . I think any mom can relate to the dark circles under the eyes . I will be refering my friends and family members to Azure Cosmeceuticals .
 This helps me when I get in an irritated or hyperactive -LRB- excited -RRB- mood , which I can do at times . In an hour or two , I calm right down to a calm and peaceful state . I understand it is a B-vitamin type substance and is safe with not side effects -LRB- but I am not a nutritionist -RRB- . I have taken 6 of these tablets at one time with no negative side effects at all.Highly recommended .
 I have tried a lot of different brands of fish oil . These are amazing . How can you beat 100 % WILD Alaskan Salmon oil ?! Other brands usually do n't mention if the fish was wild or farm rasied . They also do n't mention what kind of fish oil it is or what percent each type of fish oil is . OmegaFactors brand also contains no artifical preservatives , color , or sweetners , no corn , dairy , gluten starth , wheat , or yeast . This brand does n't give me fishy burps too :-RRB- I will only buy these for my Omega 3 needs , I am a loyal customer of Natural Factors now .
 I go thru these quite a lot . Not because they are poor quality but because I have a house cleaning service and we use them.They are fantastic with reaching high places -LRB- and basebords , behind/under furniture etc. -RRB- . I like that you can buy the heads only as that 's what I need to replace from time to time as the handles last a lot longer than the heads .
 It 's too bad they do not sell these in Canada . It is a fabulous tool and I would recommend it to everyone . I work in the residential cleaning industry and it 's made a huge difference for . We can now reach and dust areas we could n't before . I purchased 3 and will purchase 3-4 more !
 This is an excellent value for the money . I had been buying my Bromelain with 600 GDU from The Vitamin Shoppe , but they stopped carrying the capsule form . So , I turned to Amazon for help and I found this . Since I do n't use prescription medications to control my GERD , Bromelain is a very important part of my regime . With the 4X increase in GDU , I experienced a noticeable improvement in how I feel . I do recommend this product . I also suggest acquiring a copy of Prescription for Nutritional Healing by Phyllis A. and James E. Balch , for further information . I ca n't say enough good things about this bookThe product quality met my expectations and the delivery was well within the promised time period .
 really i liked it , it makes a great difference , you can see clearly with bigger magnification , you can see the disc clearly and the vessel as well even before you reach the aye it is really great invention and revolution in ophthalmoscopy worldbut the worst thing is the delivery it took a very long time , longer than the estimated time and they never called or even explained the reason until i sent many inquiry messages which made harder on me to get it oversees anyways overall it is a nice product
 I have owned this product for a couple of years and absolutely love it . It has two sides ... medium and fine ... and you first use the medium on your heels and then finish with the fine side . I used to have terrible trouble with my heels cracking , especially in the summer when I wear sandals . I 've had no trouble since using this product . I highly recommend it .
 This is the only callus that works on me . Fast service and good prices .
 I purchased this one to replace my old one which lasted 20yrs . This one looks the same except it has the writing ACT ONE on it . It also came with 3 small guards -LCB- which I wont need -RCB- overall very happy they still made this model .
 I have used this for more than 20yrs and highly recommend it . Nature 's Plus is one of the bettervitamin products on the market . It is midrange in cost especially if you buy through Amazon . I have paid almost double the prices at health food stores for the exact same products . This is an especially good one as the combination helps your body with absorbtion .
 I 'm finally gon na let this out of the bag and let others in on a little secret . This product WORKS , and might be the only thing I 'll take and TRUST beside Muscle Juice -LRB- more carbs though , which I mix together to help me appreciate the blander , yet fuller scope of the quality protein in this product , comparatively -RRB- . I 'm gon na be honest here , I did n't initially post my rave reviews because I actually appreciated this item being in stock every time I needed to restock . Let 's just say I was `` testing '' it to see if it was worthy of a review first!I 'm not gon na talk about how much muscle I 've gained using this , because user experience may vary -LRB- yada yada -RRB- and you may even gain more than me , but I will say it DOES WORK , and that you 'll possibly be smarter than the masses who still over complicate the equation and falsely believe that artificial sweeteners can save you from unwanted weight gain in certain areas . Think about it , if you 're taking something to gain weight -LRB- hopefully muscle -RRB- you use the nutrients for energy , right ? Or you could expel it , or just not use as much ... Be wise , and do your research.The 1200 version has more calories -LRB- energy -RRB- for your tenacious workout session , than the 900 -LRB- which has those terrible tasting artificial sweeteners , which the jury is STILL out on ; why bother ? -RRB- and it also stocks enough vitamins and minerals -LRB- you do the research -RRB- to not need to take multivitamin before or after your workout . One caveat for those of allergen concern , this product may be produced in facility that also processes shellfish , but I do have FAR GREATER trust for this company 's QUALITY CONTROL system relative to other brands out there -LRB- aside from TWINLAB & NOW products , and I 've tried a GREAT deal of them , and read reports on others -RRB- . I love this product !
 I 've been trying to gain weight forever ! -LRB- I 'm 5-11 , 155 -RRB- I 've been taking this for 2 weeks , 2 scoops and 12 oz of skim milk before bed . The next 2 weeks I 'm going to drink 2 a day . One at work , and one at night . I 'm trying to maintain a good 175 pounds . I ride a bike daily about 15 miles and do pushups . I 'm not really a gym rat , weightlifter guy . Just trying to fill out my t-shirt a little.As for the taste , it 's very good . I actually do n't like milk , but the double vanilla tastes awesome . Have n't tried any other flavor . definately reccommend this to anyone out there based on taste alone , it does n't give me gas or a bloated feeling .
 Fast and easy to mix , tastes good , provides a good amount of extra calories , you do n't have to be a calf and drink 3 gallons of milk a day like other products in the market.Out of all the junk I had before , this is by far my favorite so far.Highly recommended .
 My son is the one that uses these the vanilla is his favorite we ordered both vanilla and choc this time and he said the choc was rich . They work wonderfully for helping him bulk up he can drink one before lifting and one shake after lifting and it greatly reduces the soreness and gives him energy . With these he gained apox . 10 lbs in the first week and now gains 2-6 a week depending on the week . My son has trouble gaining weight he will eat 3500 calories a day and not gain an ounce . With these shakes I buy him Vit D milk to mix with them . This is a wonderful way to add more calories to his daily intake while making sure his muscles are getting all the extra they need . Timing is important due to the shake being filling .
 This product -LRB- vanilla flavor -RRB- does what it 's supposed to
 Nu-Cat vitamin pills were recommended for my two cats , now sixteen years old , by my vet . My cats like to eat dry cat food . When I put the pills in the dry food , the pills disappear with the food . The pills are mostly eaten by one cat , Brownie , and only sometimes by her brother , Pi . It does certainly improve Brownie 's fur.This is much easier and safer than trying to give the cats liquid vitamins with a dropper . However , Pi gets the liquid vitamins . He getsHi-Viteliquid vitamin drops . The drops do give him more energy , but are difficult to give to him . If your cat will eat the Nu-Cat tablets , I recommend them .
 It has been hard to locate this item - we just love the way it works on ceiling stains . Has saved us from repainting .
 Great product , used it in the bathroom , kitchen and our patio furniture , but found it cheaper at -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I bought this solely for RV roofs , primarily the type with white fuzzy carpet like material . I tried bleach , Oxi-clean , carpet cleaner , etc. with no result . After searching on the internet , Instagone was mentioned . Was worth a shot . It really works ! Can barely see the stains . Careful where you spray it and not to breath it in though .
 We bought a motor home that had some interior roof stains . I dreaded having toclean the ceiling until I heard about Insta Gone . I bought two bottles , whichmakes four 22 oz . bottles , on Amazon . I made up a batch and headed to the motor home , hoping that it would work . OMG ! The stains were gone within one hour . I re-applied to the really awful stains a few more times . I have since bought three more bottles that will make six 22 oz . bottles . This stuff really works . You do not have to scrub it , just spray it . Wear a mask and eye gear if you are sensative to the smell . It did n't bother me . This stuff is a must have for stain removal and if you have a camper or motor home you must have this product ! I would give this product 10 stars if they would let me . Thanks Insta Gone .
 We have used Instagon in the past , ran out , and had to reorder . We like to keep it on hand at all times . One of the best products we use in our home .
 We had a leak in out ceiling which left a large brown stain . We sprayed it with staightbleach , but it still wouldnt come out . I ordered this product and after a few squirts and no scrubbingthe stain was gone . Execellent product .
 MY INLAWS SMOKE HEAVILY INSIDE THEIR HOUSE . I TRIED WASHING THEIR WALLS FIRST WITH VINEGAR , BAKING SODA AND HOT WATER , THEN WATER AND DISH SOAP , AND EVEN WINDEX . THAT WORKED OK , BUT WHEN I USED INSTAGONE ON A WALL I HAD ALREADY WASHED , IT WAS LIKE I NEVER CLEANED IT BEFORE !!! INSTAGONE BLEW MY MIND WITH HOW EASILY IT REMOVED THE SMOKE STAINS . THE ONLY PROBLEM I AM HAVING IS IT REMOVES IT SOMEWHAT UNEVENLY , BUT THAT IS THE NATURE OF SMOKE STAINS WITH ANY REMOVAL METHOD . THIS IS FOR SURE THE BEST PRODUCT I 'VE FOUND FOR SMOKE/TAR THUS FAR !!! WORTH EVERY PENNY
 We had severe `` blackening '' on our pontoon boat - with very little work -LRB- spray on , wait a couple of minutes and wipe off -RRB- - they looked like new.Saved us from having to buy new seats .
 Extensive water damage over winter from a cracked roof vent.Tried several other products , with no results.I can not say enough about this product .
 I ordered INSTAGONE as a last resort . After finding out our RV had water leaks , and the ceiling was rust - colored from water damage , I was desperate to find something to remove the stains . I first went out and got a carpet cleaner and shampooed the fuzzy ceiling , and that helped to some degree , but the rust stains were still visible.I just received INSTAGONE yesterday , and sprayed it on all the stains in my RV , and all I can say is WOW !!! The stains are gone !! I was so excited ! In fact , I was so excited , that I texted my husband and told him that this product might save the entire human race from a Zombie Apocalypse !! Okay , a little dramatic , but it honestly worked for me when nothing else did.The only problem I had with it , is , it will bleach out any fabric or fiber that it touches . I found this out because in my excitement , I sprayed a little on a carpet stain and I had n't read the full instructions , but that was MY fault . I ca n't blame INSTAGONE for that!All in all , this is a terrific product , that does what it says , and I am very happy with my results !!
 I was frustrated with my shower tile . I bought so many products from grocery stores and home improvement stores to get the never ending black mole at my shower . Nothing worked ! I rent ; therefore , I was not investing the money to remodel a shower that did not belong to me . I bought this product and now my shower sparkles ! I also use it in my kitchen , on my walls , outside , and the list goes on . It is a great investment .
 Recieved the product and mixed it up as directed , then applied to the water stain on the ceiling of our kitchen . Could not believe it was that easy ! Stain is gone . The ceiling is painted drywall and the leak came from a dripping pipe in the attic . It has long since been fixed but I did n't know of any way , short of painting , to remove the marks . I was thrilled at the results.Thanks for a great product !!
 I remember seeing TV commercials for Instagone in the 90s with a healthy dose of skepticism . But when I wound up with water stains on my ceiling from a leak I recalled them and thought I would give it a try ... sprayed the stains , came back a short while later , and they were gone . : - -RRB-
 I am putting my house on the market and I had water stains on the popcorn ceilings of two bedrooms . I had read `` just mix one part bleach and two parts water and spray the ceiling multiple times until the stain is gone '' . Sounded reasonable . Thing is - it did n't work . It somewhat faded the stain in one room that was pretty light but did n't even touch the darker stain in the guest room.I was pretty convinced that there were just no good options here . Ceiling spray paint never really matches . Bleach does n't work . Repainting the whole ceiling is a pretty questionable proposition because you run the risk of the popcorn just falling off and then you have to try to respray the popcorn stuff in a can that does n't match and looks like garbage anyway . So what the heck are you supposed to do?Buy InstaGone . It actually works . The directions say that for heavy stains you should mix it with half the amount of water so that 's what I did . I sprayed it on both stains and actually watched them almost disappear completely on the first go . The lighter stain I treated one more time and the darker one I sprayed a total of four times -LRB- letting it dry in between each time -RRB- . The stains are gone . You ca n't even tell where they used to be . I ca n't recommend this product enough for this purpose .
 fighting mold gowing in tub forever !!! sprayed on this product wiped off in 5 min mold gone ... smell is a little strong -LRB- heavy bleach odor -RRB- so use in well ventilated area .
 I saw a demonstration of this product and thought it would meet my needs . My worst problem is the tub with moldy stains around the edges . I have tried so many products but nothing gets rid of it . I sprayed this on and left it on a awhile then wiped off . It did lighten the dark spots just not as good as I had hoped . I used it on an outside adirondack wooden chair with mold and black mildew . It worked pretty good on that but again not as good as I had hoped.I would say I think it is a good product . I think you do need to use a brush or microfiber sponge on some surfaces and I think it needs some elbow grease which I am disabled so I ca n't do that as strongly as is probably needed . Overall I think it is a pretty good product just keep in mind what to expect .
 This stuff works exactly as advertised ! We have a house with a second story bathroom , and our ceilings are popcorn textured which makes repairs a real pain . Our kids spilled quite a bit of water out of the tub one day , and it leaked onto the textured ceiling in our kitchen . The result ? A big nasty yellow-brown stain all along the joint in the sheetrock in our kitchen ceiling . A little bit of this stuff -LRB- it works as a very fine mist -RRB- and it was * GONE * by the next morning , and looks good as new . Just saved myself the aggravation of painting and who knows what else.This is clearly a bleach-based product as is evident from the smell . Do n't wear your Sunday best when using , and definitely be careful of dyed fabrics , etc , in the vicinity of the work area . But all you need to do is follow the directions , and water stains will be history . Great product !!!
 I had tried everything I could think of to get rid of the ugly , black mildew stains on the grout and caulk where my bathtub meets the tiles in my bathroom , but nothing - not even soaking with straight bleach - made a difference . I sprayed Instagone on the stains , and they were completely gone in less than 10 minutes . It worked exactly as advertised , my tub looks like new , and I could n't be happier with this product !
 I had used this item in the past , it worked great on mold , mildew , etc. . I had one package left that was outdated , had turned to a jell in the package.I received my order & tried it again . It worked just as well as it had the first time I tried it .
 The only thing I 've found that kills mildew and cleans the white resin furniture we have outside . It 's great . Spray on , wait a while , rinse . Done !
 I am going to try this on the cresote on the shingles when the snow melts . I hope it works .
 A product that actually does MORE than it promises . You name it , and I 've tried it ... and nothing comes close to this product when it comes to shower stalls and tiles . Almost totally effortless ... and the results are astounding . Spray ... and walk away . And when you return , it 's all done . Heavy grout soil ? Zap ! Gone . Mildew ? Gone ! Floor tiles in the shower come as clean as can be . I was a thisclose to spending a mini-fortune to have a grout expert in ... just because I could n't stand the grungy , mildewy grout lines . A few bucks and all was very well.I NEVER write reviews like this ... but this was no chore at all . I wish I had a piece of the action ... this is brilliant . Btw , a single bottle will last for months ... in actuality , it 's more cost effective than anything else . And you wo n't have your bathroom ... -LRB- and maybe your bedroom , too -RRB- ... smelling like a janitorial supply store . There is no odor that lingers . The air is as fresh to breathe as you can imagine ... and the stains are GONE.Even used it on a water stain on the ceiling ... using a brush to appy ... and the stain vanished ... AND NEVER RETURNED EITHER.I walk down the cleansing aisle in the local supermarket and laugh my chops off ... because those products do NOTHING ... except make your house smell like a hospital room . Instagone is fast , economical ... and you wo n't believe your shower area could ever look as good.I know there 's more hype around than air sometimes ... but every once in a while you find something that actually does what it promises to do . That alone is a shocker . Then comes the realization that you have solved one of life 's most annoying and sloppy tasks ... with a spray bottle no less.Give it a shot ... and hold onto your jaw 'cause it might hit the floor .
 I love this product , but have placed two orders thru Amazon and both were so old and product was wet and parts missing . Order this product straight thru Instagone .
 We had horrible water stains on our stucco/popcorn ceilings by every skylight window we have , they were horrible brown stains and using this product 2 times drying in-between removed all the stains , unbelievable : - -RRB-
 Instagone Stain RemoverHave it on hand , but have not used it as yet . Plan to use when I can open windows . Recommend for sure if it works !!
 Instagone really works ! Well worth every penny . The fumes can be strong , thus proper protective equipment is a must ! Ca n't do without this product - it succeeds where all others fail .
 We had a leak in our camper roof around our antenna . Unfortunately we let it go for awhile before repairing it . Because of this the area of staining -LRB- black mildew / mold -RRB- was fairly extensive . We had a carpet cleaner that does RVs try to remove the staining . His method did very little other than fade the stain slightly . I read about Instagone on the internet and purchased it . As I sprayed it on the stain it began to disappear ! We were very impressed especially since a professional was unable to remove the stains . Almost immediately but definitely by the next day the stains were gone . There was only one small area right around the antenna that the stain was n't completely removed . This stain had been there for about 1yr so I was extremely pleased . Our ceiling carpet in the camper was cream colored & it did not change the original color . However , some of the spray got on our floor carpet -LRB- dark beige -RRB- and did bleach it out so that would be my only warning . To be on the safe side , cover any areas that the spray may accidently come in contact with . We were very pleased & give this product 5 out of 5 stars.tmspotts , Blythewood , SC
 This was purchased for a friend who has to wear one of these all the time . The one he was buying was twice the price of this item . We bought 2 he was extremely pleased with the price and the product .
 Use this all the time . Makes you feel better and gives you more energy . Mainly used sonnies foe drug tests for thc at work . All you need is like 3 hrs and a 1/3 of a bottle . Good to go . Chug it and then drink a couple cups water and pee once before . It 's like a science . Then I started to notice it all around made me feel better and alive . So now I just drink it every day . straight from bottle chase with water or cranberry juice .
 Good product that works and I will for sure keep this apart of my life as a fall back when it needs to be used again .
 I 'm amazed that not many people know about this product and it 's companion Sonne 's Number 9 . I was introduced to these two products through a programme that used these two items as a way to clear out toxins before re-supplementing with essential fatty acids , probiotics etc. . I started using number 7 , felt so good after two weeks that I added number 9 . They 're both really easy to take and will evacuate your entire intestines along with all the toxins that you will have accumulated over the years.Even though I do n't need to take these neither number 7 nor number 9 as part of my programme , I still do because it 's so good for me.Recommended !
 This product is a CURE ALL ! Seriously , not only does it detoxify , but it has cured cysts and acne . I have 6 cases of where people have had either golf size cysts on their bodies or acne and within a week , they are gone . Imagine what else it is doing if it cures these two things ... Buy it for better health .
 This product has tremendously helped my skin . I not only drink it daily but put a layer ogver my face each night as a mask .
 I am trying to detox my body and my skin and this is recommended along with the whole psyllium husks . I dring it in the morning before I eat and I can say that it is working ! I have a lot of poop that comes out easily and although I have been utilizing the colonic therapy as well , there is still a lot that adheres to the intestinal walls that this regimen addresses . You may feel bloated as it absorbs and the pysillium absorbs 60x 's its weight in fluid . Great product and tastes fine to me . No nasty . I actually look forward to my regimen . Try it , well worth even the increased amount I paid for it . At the Amazon price you can not go wrong !
 Our vet prescribed this for our dog who was suffering from anxiety which led to irritated intestines . Sonne 's No 7 Detoxification liquid helped settle his symptoms and keep it under control . He is a much happier dog now !!! Thanks
 Depends on what you are buying it for . It wont clean thc out of your system , no matter what . Try it and see , but it wont . Believe me , i tried : -RRB-
 I took this product along with psyllium powder while juice fasting . This combination worked very well at removing waste from my digestive track . It works by absorbing gunk off the intestinal linging apparently , and then , by adhering to the psyllium or fiber from one 's diet , being passed in one 's bowel movement . The results are empirically certain for one can see and smell the stuff , and it certainly removed some grime that I 'd rather not have stored up in my guts !
 I 've used this product only on two occasions . One , when recovering from a stomach flu , and it helped me to get back to `` normal '' . The other time was as a preventative measure for a stressful situation , and it worked great.The contents look like muddy water , and taste is ok -LRB- not something you 'd seek out , of course -RRB- -- certainly better than most of the vitamins and supplements I have taken.If you find that you have gut issues -- this product is certainly worth a try . I 've used probably less than 5 % of the bottle , and still find the money well spent .
 I travel extensively and over the past 20 years or so I have tried to take it with me as part of my first-aid kit . For me it has worked very well when I have an upset stomach and very often diarrhea . The symptoms are relieved very easily and quickly . As opposed to taking medications that only stop the diarrhea and not really do anything else , but they allow the body to heal while you wait may be 5-15 days . This actually ADSORBS as opposed to absorb toxins from your body . Charcoal works similarly , but I find this more potent and better on the taste test and since its in liquid form easier to swallow .
 My husband and I were introduced to Sonne 's No 7 from a friend who had digestive problems . The results were fantastic . I do longer have the digestive and gas problems I had in the past . My husband had terrible heart burn and was taking Prilosec like it was candy . He found that bentonite also cured his heartburn and has n't had to take a Prilosec for about five months now . We could n't believe it ! He started taking a tablespoon every time he had heartburn and it soothed it right away . Eventually , his heartburn is gone completely . Bentonite has no taste or smell really . The white consistency looks a little gross , but we usually mix it each day with some juice and you ca n't taste it . Grape , apple any juice with the least amount of acid . I like it with a little Odwalla Superfood juice .
 Aside from the obvious health benefits of this detoxifcant , it has an `` alternative '' use . Use this product for 7 days and you will pass any urine drug screening test , provided you do not use the substances during that time .
 My husband was recommended this because `` it works way better than Pepto '' and it really does.At first I had a hard time getting passed the consistency which is white and almost gelatinous and frankly looks perverse.My husband uses it any time he has stomach issues and convinced me to try it the last time I had a problem and it cleared up within a couple of minutes with none of the after-issues that Pepto usually has . I have to admit he was right about it .
 My husband and I both take this product and love the results of how it makes us feel . I attribute our good health to this product .
 Found this stuff after an episode of eating bad food while out of state . Has worked for me several times when I have had stomach aches etc. since .
 Great simple detoxification method . I use it as a general detox when I need to remove toxins from medicines and other substances .
 Perfect to settle down an angry gall bladder or stomach . Wonderful for a basic detox . I generally take in the morning as needed .
 Love these things ! We take them for whatever mail ail us and they just work everytime ! These are coated like candy so you do n't really need a liquid if you 're out on the run . Great stuff , ca n't say enough good about it - just buy it but be sure to NOT take it on an empty stomoach . It will tear up your stomach and will probably come back up for a little `` chat '' if you know what I mean ! Highly Recommend !
 I have been looking for this product for several years after it disappeared from store shelves . Happy to be able to enjoy this wonderful scent again !
 Best price on the perfume that you can find ! Casmir is my favorite perfume . I 'm so hoping that it never gets discontinued .
 I like casmir because it is warm and vanilla like . It is fairly long lasting and a good perfume for fall and winter , but not summer . It is nice for the older woman , also .
 My wife loves this perfume . Could not find it in any stores . It 's not over powering when she wears it .
 My lady loves this scent . When she is happy I am happy . She smells damn good.I recommend this Eau de Perfume with all my french speaking vigor .
 THIS IS A GOURMAND IT SMELLS LIKE FOODSTUFF AS GOURMANDS DO . THAT IS MY FAVORITE THING ABOUT GOURMANDS THOUGH IS THE SUGAR COOKIE SMELL TO IT , LIZ TAYLORS BLACK PEARLS IS A GOURMAND AND IT SMELLS LIKE COOKIE DOUGH . NOT EVERYBODY APPRECIATES IT BUT IM MADLY IN LOVE WITH IT . THIS REMINDS ME OF FENDI 'S FANTASIA PERFUME . THEY ARE VERY MUCH Alike EXCEPT THIS IS MUCH MORE MILD AND MELLOW SMELLING AND LESS TOBACCO .
 i bought this for my mother-in-law . it 's her favorite and it 's not carried in any of our stores anymore . she loved it !!!
 I love the fact that it helps with many kinds of screws , which is something that was hard for me to find in any store , they usually sell the phillip screw driver type , but this one you can use it on any kind of glasses and screws , including the nut type , and it is small enough to carry with me in my purse . It comes with a magnifying glass and extra screws .
 This is a great lubricant , THERE IS NO OIL . Yet it performs its functions extremely well . It 's pleasant smelling -LRB- very subtle -RRB- , washes off easily , and does NOT stain ! The guy who came up with this stuff -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- did his homework . It really does exactly what it 's supposed to do , and it does it very well . I have conducted years and years of `` field research '' -LRB- lol -RRB- , and tried different products with varying results . This one outperforms all predecessors , uh ... . hands down ! All joking aside , just try it , you 'll not be disappointed .
 Alfajuice is an excellence herbal supplement for increasing hair volume and length . -LRB- Google `` Alfalfa for hair growth '' -RRB- A little patience goes a long way , literally . I have tested this product time and time again with excellent results . You will see results in as little as 6 weeks . But with continuous life long use , you will be happier and more confident , especially if you have suffered hair loss in the past . Take six Alfajuice tablets each and everyday along with a shot glass full of all natural carrot juice . Also , eating a cereal bowl filled with raw lettuce -LRB- no dressing necessary -RRB- will aid in faster growth . Cheers to a fuller head of hair and increased confidence .
 Hot and Cold Gel Pack . Used this product when visiting my daughter in North Carolina . Ordered three of them for myself and have used them continually . Will be having knee replacement next week so know they will have much use after that . Great product.Thanks Amazon for having this product .
 This is the best multivitamin I have ever used . 3 times a day and I feel great ! Worth every penny !
 I was pleasantly surprised to get this delivered to my home so quickly after ordering . The right product I asked for , and excellent service !
 I 'm an avid tennis player and frequently need to tape up my fingers to prevent blisters or to protect them from getting worse . Most tape that you buy in sporting goods stores comes in 11/2 '' widths which is too wide and they charge up to $ 5.00 for one roll . This 1 '' tape is the perfect width and protects quite well and buying it by the box I pay about a third of the price per roll . I 'm not sure about other brands but this J & J Zonas tape is the best for sports and my purposes . I highly recommend !!!
 We breed Doberman Pinschers and tape cropped ears on all our puppies . Zonas tape is the only tape we use because it 's the healthiest . If you try to use regular bandage tape it wo n't allow the ear skin to breathe thereby causing infection to set-in and you end up with a very sick puppy ! Never use anything other than Zonas for ears !!
 Being a nurse and around the hospital when this was a staple I grew very fond of its ability to adhere to most anything dry . Was so happy to find this on Amazon at a great price .
 We got a 2 month old Doberman , and needed tape that would work well with taping her ears without ripping her hair out . This tape was hard to find in the store , but found it on Amazon for a decent price . The tape works really well for her ears . Very impressed ! Highly recommended for dogs !
 I was recommended this tape by the breeder for when we were taping our Doberman 's ears . It worked really well and her ears turned out beautiful . Definitely recommend for anyone who is cropping ears and needs surgical tape for the taping process .
 This tape works great for taping stays onto my cropped Great Dane ears . Easy to tear without a scissors and durable to last .
 Best tape out there for cropped ears . The tape held up well throughout the 3 month process of posting our doberman 's ears .
 Good breathable tape recommended by our breeder-handler for taping Doberman puppy ears . This is the second puppy we have used it on and the results are consistently good .
 As always I recieved great service from Amazon . I have a 4 month old Dobe puppy that still has to have her ears taped up so they stand . I tried other kinds of tape that cost up to $ 6 a roll and it did n't work like the zonas tape . Zona holds great and the price was the best , about $ 1.00 a roll . Keep up the good work Amazon .
 J&J Zonas tape has always been The Best Tape to use for athletic taping ! It is great to be able to purchase this quality tape at awesome prices . Thank you Amazon.com !
 I will say this is the only kidney product worthy of 5 stars . Its all natural and works quickly . I 've had 6 kidney operations and am now prone to stones . I take this 2X a day morning and night for about a week to two and I am completely clean . The first time I used it I got a little sore but it was good sore . If you want I tried combining with chanca piedra and got excellent results . Recommend fully and its cheap
 I was having problems with my bladder that grew into an infection in my kidneys and I had this problem and it helped tremendously .
 I went to my doctor and he told me I had blood in my urine . He ask me to come back in a week to check it again . After much prayer and confessing God 's Word over my body and taking Kidney Flush & Cat 's Claw my results were negative with no more blood in my urine
 I do n't think it 's any miracle cure but it works better than most lip balms I 've tried . I have severely dry lips so I 've been addicted to lip balm for 30 years . This is n't my favorite but it does help . -LRB- My fave is still Cococare Cocoa Butter Lip Balm . -RRB-
 My son loves this lip balm because it is not a petroleum product . He loves the tangerine . It is not easy to find in stores .
 I purchased this product because it is produced locally and the company that makes this product is committed to sustainability , for both the environment and health . Their ingredients are 100 % vegetarian and no animal testing . I also really like this lip balm ! I can be out in the sun for three to four hours on a weekend bike ride and my lips suffer . This lip balm is really good at preventing my lips from feeling sunburned after a day outside . The consistency of the balm -LRB- soft and smooth -RRB- makes it easy to apply . There 's a hint of tangerine taste . There is NO icky petroleum or chemical taste . This is great lip balm !
 After trying out , literally , a gazillion different lip balms , I finally discovered this one from my sister and I love it . I have chronic chapped lips AND skin , so it 's always realy hard to find the perfect lip balm for me . Most of the balms I 've tried makes my lips feel even worse a lot of the time , and it feels as if I just put a layer of wax ontop instead of it feeling moist . I was a frequent user of Carmex , but after awhile it started to make my lips extremely irritated and would even leave out this really weird , wet discharge just like petroleum jelly/Vaseline would do . Un-petroleum instantly makes my lips feel softer and it does n't make them burn , nor does it make them `` puss . '' I love the tangerine in it too . Smells delicious .
 I tried them all , and must have those w/o petrol to be effective . This is the best brand I 've tried - above and beyond for chapped lips , nose , cuticles .
 I really did n't care for the large size and the taste of this multivitamin but when I switched for a while to the easy to swallow and tasteless Twinlab daily one cap , I noticed it did n't give me the same energy boost . So I am back to Advanced Nutritional System . I only take 2 a day vs the 6 that the label suggests . I am happy with the results . It may be because there are some probiotics included .
 We just built a house in the woods , and could n't sit long on our new deck or patio without being hassled by bees & wasps . I bought wasp spray and several traps , and maintained the traps as instructed from spring through fall . My results : Rescue WHYTR-BB8 W-H-Y Trap For Wasps , Hornets and Yellow Jacketswas hands-down the best , never failing to catch at least a dozen wasps , hornets and yellow jackets per week . The refills -LRB- Sterling Intl. . WHYTA-DB12 Wasp , Hornet & Yellow Jacket Trap -RRB- contain 3 different lures and last 2-3 weeks -LRB- tip
 We have a mountain cabin and fight an ongoing battle with jellow jackets , wood borer bees , jap hornets , and red wasps . The raid wasp spray is the only one which kills instantly , literally knocking them out of the air . The other brands have air and foam which blows in the wind , and does not kill . The raid shoots a stream of liquid and kills instantly . Seems to have more in the can than the foamy ones .
 We have a home with a high roof line and in some places it is over 20 feet high . We get the occasional wasp or hornet or yellow jacket nest and this is the best product I have found to use to kill them . The can itself will spray up to 22 feet and held above my head it is going up to 30 feet . This spray instantly knocks the wasps out of the air and they literally die almost instantly . It is the best insecticide I have found for this type of pest and it does the job perfectly.Be sure to follow all the instructions listed on the can and shown below . My latest surprise was I lifted the lid to the hose reel last week an there was a large hornets nest inside the compartment where we keep our extra hose spray nozzles . The next time I raised the lid , the wasps got the surprise . Not one survived or was able to fly out of the nest . It was over that quick.It is nice to kill these pests so quickly and from such a distance . They do n't even have a chance to find you and sting you . This is a great product and I recommend it to you !
 Got this product for my dad . . he has a small skin cancer on his ear and it seems to be going away .
 We paid a $ 187.00 copay at our podiatrist office for this splint . That 's copay , after insurance paid their part . I wish we had thought to tell him we did n't want it until we checked online for one . We were ripped !!!!!!!!!!!!!! My husband had plantar fasciitis with a lot of heel pain in the morning so severe he could n't walk first thing when he got up . After using this splint for a few weeks , he no longer wakes up unable to walk .
 Sorry I am late in adding this review . A couple of years ago , my right foot plantar fascia `` popped '' during a tennis match . At first I did n't notice it ... soon was favoring it . Cascaded to hurting so much I could barely move on court and lost the match . In an hour was barely walking.By the next morning ... stabbing pain getting out of bed and much online research told me I had dreaded Plantar Fasciitis . I even read that I might not ever fully recover . I am glad that was not the case ! I tried all the usual suspects
 I 've had trouble with Plantar Facitis for years . Podiatrist gave me one of those big clunky AirCast Night Splint Boots . It works , but not for me . The Freedom Dorsal PF Night Splint , however , keeps my foot in position without being so clunky and uncomfortable . Also , I do n't have to take it off for midnight trips to the restroom or to check on the kids - which means I do n't wake my husband up with that loud , ripping velcro noise . It 's a win all the way around .
 I began suffering with plantar fasciitis in both feet after running . My right foot healed on its own in a couple of weeks . My left foot pain has lingered for about 3 months now . To date I have tried exercises , ice , ibuprofen , massage , heat , rest , etc. . I have spent money on a home ultrasound device -LRB- do n't waste your money -RRB- . I have bought about 6 different types of orthodics . The Dr. Scholl 's custom fit did help some . I went to the New Balance Store and bought some good quality running shoes . This has also helped some , but the pain was not totally going away . Then I purchased this night splint . It does take getting use to , but once you get use to it , you will notice that your foot is starting to heel . I have been wearing the splint for a little over a week now and I have a lot of improvement . It is important to keep the plantar fascia tendon stretched while sleeping to promote healing . Without the splint your foot relaxes and the tendon contracts . I would also recommend that you check your arches . I had been buying orthodics with arch support because I assumed I had arch problems . The salesmen at the New Balance store said my arches were normal . I removed the arch supports and just bought good running shoes with cushion . They feel a lot better .
 I received this splint in mid-December and by the end of January I no longer had any pain in my foot due to plantar fasciitis from which i suffered for almost a year . I tried shots , stretching exercises , and was receiving physical therapy . I know the physical therapy was helping but very slowy . After 4 weeks wearing the night splint I am pain free . This splint really works ! THANK YOU !
 I have suffered with chronic Plantar fasciitis for the past year . I was unable to find relief as I work as a Full-time waitress in a very busy restaurant , so my foot would n't heal . My doctor had recommended steroid shots in the arch of my foot , but I am a sissy when it comes to shots - especially in the arch of my foot . I Heard of the night splints , checked Amazon , and found this night splint - while hesitant to make the purchase , I took the risk and am glad I did . The very first night , I noticed remarkable relief form the pain . With each day , my foot pain diminishes more and more . I can tell my foot is healing and have purchased another splint - with the healing of my left foot came the realization that my right foot is also afflicted . This night splint is affordable , comfortable and effective - a real good buy !
 I have tried all sorts of night splints and this is the easiest to put on and the most comfortable to sleep in . It keeps the foot at a very comfortable angle , but does n't have any means to change the angle . Just keeping my foot in position while I watch TV or sleep has made such a difference . It has an open bottom and you can walk around the house with it on . I do stretching exercises and this keeps the tendons and muscles from shrinking back afterwards .
 This night splint is working great for my husband 's plantar fasciitis ! It 's more comfortable than the sock night splint . Recommend it .
 Having suffered from PF for some time now and stubbornly refusing to try a night splint , I feel silly for having waited this long for relief . The item stays in place during the night , feels relatively cool and non-invasive while wearing , and is lightweight and comfortable . I noticed a reduction in the pain of those first 20 steps the morning after the first night of use . My plantar fasciitis is still present , but is diminishing day by day with continued use of this product . Thank you . This night splint arrived rapidly even with free shipping . The product exhibits a high degree of quality and simplicity in its manufacture .
 I 've tried several night splints and this has been the best one.Did want to mention that a large just fits . If you have a foot larger than men 's 10.5 , you should go with a XL .
 foot is slowly getting better works better with heel inserts in your shoes dr shoals would have had to go to a podiatrist but seems to be slowly healing
 Having suffered for months with great pain - in the mornings especially ; I did some research and found I had the symptoms of plantar fasciitis . One of the suggestions for treatment was a night brace . I found this one @ Amazon . There was definite improvement the first night . I was very happy to find it was comfortable and did n't cause any problems with my sleep , either . Great product , made well and really works .
 I am very happy with this product . I had previously bought a boot like product but it was too uncomfortable to actually sleep in . This product is the opposite , I put it on when I get into bed and forget about it ... Highly Reccomend .
 After an intense step aerobics workout , I started experiencing pain in my left heel and could n't make sense of it and it would n't go away ; after a short trip to the ER , the doctor informed me I had plantar fasciitis . GREAT . So after much research , this FREEDOM Dorsal PF Night Splint seemed to be what I needed , and the price was right.I put it on before bed , -LRB- with a sock , which I found more comfortable than a bare foot -RRB- and about half way through the night my toes would fall asleep ; I mean to the point of numbness , and I would end up waking up in discomfort and ripping it off at like 2am . I wore it repeatedly thinking I had the velcro strap over my foot too tightly . Even after loosening it up , it still was never completely comfortable . I did make it through several nights of sleeping successfully , and noticed an improvement in my heel pain . For some reason , I just eventually stop wearing it , and gave up ; I think half the time I would just forget to even put it on before bed . I suppose I need to give it another try as I believe I 'm still not healed.I went home for a visit , and my mom gave me her splint she got from the podiatrist -LRB- for the same issue -RRB- to try , and it was even worse ! It was the hard style , and it made me feel like I had to remain stationary all night and could n't move . THAT was a fail ! So , I think I 'll just start wearing mine again and see how it goes , because heel pain is simply inconvenient !
 I like how light the Freedom Dorsal night splint feels when sleeping in it . The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because it seems a little too big and can come off during the night . I wear a size 9 women 's shoe . The splint I bought was size Large . This splint really helps relieve a lot of heal pain when I first stand up in the morning after wearing it the night before . The price and comfort makes this a good splint .
 I have been wearing prescribed orthodics for plantar fasciitis for a number of years , but after hard running still have had flare ups of PF . After wearing the Freedom Dorsal nightly for about 3 weeks I have seen marked improvements in the dreaded heel pain . While I purchased a large for a 91/2 foot , I believe the large is just a lttle big , may have been better off w/a Medium .
 I was surprised how easy and effective this little device was for helping alleviate my chronic PF symptoms . After years of boxing , jumping rope and running , my feet were a mess . By the time I finally went in and got my diagnosis , my PF tendon was swollen to twice it 's normal size . I tried everything from ice , heat , salves , and even regular shots of cortisone , to no avail . This thing works pretty well . I alternate feet from night to night . 2 consecutive nights usually does the trick .
 Really has worked wonders . I 've been wearing it everynight for about 3 weeks now . I 'm finally able to start running again . I was living with the pain everyday and was n't running for about two months . After wearing it for two weeks , I was able to run the Army 10-miler . Even now after a hard run , I still hobble a bit the morning after - but it 's not nearly as bad as it once was . I would buy this in conjunction with the foot rocker . You have stretch out the muscle quite a bit , but this splint helps much more than I ever expected .
 I have been searching for a perfect foot splint for a few years now . This is not a perfect solution . It is by far the most comfortable splint that I have tried . I have tried Cool Stretch boot forms , Dorsal Night Splint and Dorsal PF Night Splint by Alimed.The Dorsal PF Night Splint wins hands down for comfort , ease of use , and wearability .
 It should have been easy to predict that my cane tips would wear through & I 'd be like SKIDDING on ice . Living in the woods with a gravel driveway equals `` wear & Tear '' big time.It is n't always possible to get to the hardware store & picking up the ` phone or ordering via the ` net is simpler . `` Next Time '' my back-up TIPs will be in a safe spot to assure that steel-reinforced rubber is here to save my day ... always an item near the top of my `` best buy '' list .
 I had this terrible pain that went from my left buttock down along the side of my left leg to the side of my lower calf . Did n't even know it was sciatica until I mentioned it to several people and they all thought that it was.I 'm a dancer -LRB- social not professional -RRB- and this was seriously affecting my dancing , not to mention the fact that sometimes it was painful even if I was just laying down and not moving at all . After a couple weeks of this constant pain , I had to do something and remembered a chiropractor that had totally gotten rid of a chronic back pain that had previously been bothering me for many years . His adjustments -LRB- only three -RRB- had worked so well that the back pain has n't reoccurred for the past ten years . So , I thought I 'd try him again . Easier said then done because he moved to another city that was a two hour drive.Anyway , I saw him and he said I needed two adjustments at least a day apart and one more after two weeks of not dancing -LRB- we had determined that the dancing was throwing the adjustments off -RRB- . After the first week , I felt a little better but it was n't fully gone . I happened to be in a health food store and thought I 'd ask to see what they had . The person there recommended this product , Sciatica Neuralgia by NatraBio . I had n't ever had a homeopathic remedy work for me but I believed in the idea and decided to give it a try.Within a day of starting to use it , the pain significantly decreased . I continued to use it and the pain was completely gone in about 3 days . I started dancing and the pain never returned . I never did go back to the chiropractor for that last adjustment.Total cost of chiropractor , including travel expenses was over $ 500 . Cost of Sciatica Neuralgia , under $ 7 . This may not work for everyone 's sciatica or back pain but it worked for mine and the small price is worth it to try . For me , it worked better than much more expensive options.This is the first time I have ever had a homeopathic remedy work so dramatically.As a result , I decided to try their other remedy for adrenals which were causing me some problems . I am no longer having those problems after taking that remedy either . But I have to say that the result was not quite so dramatic . Nevertheless , the problem I was having is now gone.I want to assure you that I do n't work for the company even if this glowing review may sound like it . Nor do I have any connection or even know anyone in the company . Just check my other reviews and you 'll see that I 'm for real.It just worked so dramatically for my sciatica that I thought I 'd pass this along to other sufferers so they might be encouraged to give it a try . I know the other reviews here were not terribly encouraging and if I had read them before taking this product , I probably would not have tried it.Anyway , hope this helps you get relief .
 Fast-acting , I get relief in about ten minutes . The administration is easy with under-the-tongue drops . Taste is n't bad . I do recommend medical evaluation of persistant or recurrent symptoms .
 I had toxicity issues , chronic inflammation , hyperactive immune system and tried this product after lots of other medical approaches . I did only two days . Made a huge difference immediately . You must produce enough stomach acid to make it work ; I have to drink water with lemon juice or apple cider vinegar to get the effects . Caused me to get off the acid reduction pills my doctor had prescribed for stomach pain . I realized that producing too little acid and not too much was part of my problem . I also had to change my toxic environment . I highly recommend . I have n't done the 7 day but I do a one day cleanse about once every two weeks for maintenance . All vegetarian . Good buy for the money .
 I had been unable to have a real bowel movement for several months . All that ever came out were a few small pieces and I had to strain to pass those . I had tried every OTC remedy I could find , as well as improving my eating and exercise habits and supplementing with magnesium & vitamin C. I finally went to the doctor and he put me on Amitiza . It did nothing , and I finally became convinced that I had an impacted colon.After doing some research , I came across Oxy-powder . Since most of the negative reviews I read seemed to be about loose stools -LRB- which to me was to be expected -RRB- , I decided to give it a try . I had to work up to 8 pills per day before I saw results , but again I think I was very impacted.On the 3rd day it all started coming out ! I am currently on day 5 and am having several BM 's per day.I feel better than I have in months . I do n't know what I 'd have done if I had n't found this product , and , as always , Amazon had amazingly quick service !
 Oxy Powder works exactly how I thought it would . I took 4 pills and only went once the next day , so I increased my dose up to 5 pills per night and I was good to `` go . '' I probably went on average 5-7 times per day . I never felt like I was rushed to find a bathroom and I never had the stomach pains I 've had with other cleanse products either . After I finished my 7 day round , I felt great ... much less bloated and had more energy . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Title says it all . Tried them all . I do a colon cleanse twice a year . Start internally with Oxy , then a few colonics over a period of two weeks . Ca n't say more , just the best .
 I am very pleased with the product thus far . I bought for constipation problems and find it to be effective . I have had constipation problems for 50 years ; this is the first product that my constitution does not adapt to , i.e. Does n't seem to be habit forming . I highly recommend Oxy-Powder . Fred McClure
 This stuff is the best . I have chronic intestinal issues and regular laxatives cause me too much pain . I have used Oxypowder for really great colon cleanses and also daily management . I definitely recommend playing with the dosages and finding out what is right for you . Also , I would n't use it for weight loss , though I usually lose a couple of pounds when doing a cleanse . Drink lots of water and eat things that are easy to digest when using it for a cleanse . Otherwise , it has actually improved my life in that I have more energy since I can get things to move though my system better when needed . Do n't know what I would do without it !
 I bought Oxy Powder a couple of years ago as a colon cleanse , but really ended up using it as a stool softener when irregularity crept in . I used to have major issues with constipation and never found anything that brought relief without pain and diarrhea . However , Oxy Powder does just that . I rarely get constipated anymore since changing my diet and adding probiotics , but when I feel it creeping in , usually just one Oxy Powder will do the trick , with no side effects . I LOVE it.On a side note , my husband , who seems to be especially sensitive to any kind of product made for the intestines , goes running to the bathroom after taking just one pill . So , while it works VERY well for me , not so much for him .
 I was skeptical about this product but decided to try it anyway . I am so glad that I did ! It works so well without the stomach cramps and upset . I feel thoroughly cleaned out when I use it and I am especially happy that I have lost 8 pounds in about a month . I will continue to use this product .
 I was in extreme pain and this product started working immediately and with no side affects . It was a nice change and very easy to take .
 From my research and personal testing , I have no doubt that these capsules contain the same product as PoopDoc -LRB- easy to search online -RRB- . This version is in vegicaps , whereas poopdoc uses regular gelatin capsules . I know this product well and have been using it on and off for years . I am one of those people living with chronic constipation . Fiber , lots of fruits and veggies , exercise , water intake , are all part of my life -LRB- and have been for years -RRB- , and still , my digestion tends to be sluggish with dense , heavy , sticky stool . Unless I have a stomach flu or have food poisoning , I would never have loose stools . This product was made for people like me . The product serves 2 functions . First , it dissolves years of crud buildup on digestive tract walls . Second , it softens and loosens the stool coming through your system , so that if it would normally be like play-dough , it will now have ` normal ' and health consistency and action.When used by people with ` normal ' digestions , whose colon is not packed with dense buildup or , at least , a heavy meal camped out in the colon , this product is simply overkill . To my knowledge , people whose digestive systems are not as described above , are likely to experience gas , bloating and unpleasantly scant loose stools with this product . For those people , I would highly recommend Acai Easy Cleanse -LRB- 10 day supply per bottle -RRB- . After using oxy-powder for years , I no longer have buildup , and can use oxy-powder only when I have at least a day 's worth of packed colon weighing me down . Otherwise , Acai Easy Cleanse is the product I trust to keep my digestion in healthy flow.Hope someone out there finds this helpful .
 It 's easy to use , and once you 've determined your correct dosage for the 7-day cleanse portion of it , you 'll be amazed and how much `` stuff '' falls out of you . Admittedly , it 's not the greatest conversation topic , so I had to stop myself from talking about it to my family , but it was truly astounding to me and I wanted to share that with them.I took it upon myself to extend the initial 7 days to about 9 days because I had never done a colon cleanse before . I 've just finished up yesterday , and although I 'd run out of capsules and had none to take last night , I STILL had 5 BMs today even though I only ate once yesterday . So , it 's definitely gotten things moving in the right direction . Side note
 I work in a health food store and have tried numerous herbal cleanses as well as all the fiber cleanses and many combinations of both . None of those every worked very well for me . The Oxy-Powder worked great ! The key is to find the right dose that works for you . The directions say to take 4 pills the first night and if you do n't have 3 to 5 movements the next day to increase the dosage by 2 pills each night until you achieve the desired results . It works by liquifying the built up gunk in the colon so you will have liquid stools , but there was no cramping or gas like you would have with diarrhea . Obviously you want to make sure that you are close to home or at least close to a bathroom the week of the cleanse . Oh and be sure to drink LOTS of water when you take the pills ! I drink a lot of water but not usually at bedtime , the first night I woke up feeling so dry I felt like I had turned to dust . After that I drank a whole large glass of water with the pills and felt fine . Also be careful not to eat anything withing 2 hours of taking the pills or you will just be cleaning out the food you ate and not what is backed up in your colon . If you use common sense and follow the directions you will end up with a clean colon .
 I bought this prouct last week and I have to say it is so gentle !! I have used a variety of things do keep my system clean from Smooth Move -LRB- Senna Teas -RRB- to Enemas , Ducalux , Correctol , a little bit of everything in my whole life . I have to say I find that this product is a gentle combination of all of the high points I got from each . I am so glad I didnt let the negative reviews scare me away.Now that I have addressed it 's strong points , it behoves me to point out some possible error that can be made . Firstly , any colon cleanser is basically a laxative however there are several forms of laxatives because everyone had different needs . You have stool softeners , hyperosmotic , lubricants , stimulants -LRB- the worst ! -RRB- , and bulk -LRB- metamucil -RRB- . I find that this laxative is more like a hyperosmotic because it pulls water into the colon so that it will emulsify with ... you know and then flush it out . Very similar to what enemas and hi colonics will do . The best part is when you take it right there shouldnt be many elements of discomfort.What worked for me with this product was first carefully reading the instructions and associating them with my own tolerances . In the end I did the following and it has worked great :1 . I stop eating at least three hours before I take this product . First you wont fill hungry because as soon as you take it feels as if it is filling your stomach . If you are already full of food this will make you miserable .2 . Make sure you drink 16 oz of water with it at least what an hour or 30 minutes and drink another . Seeing that this product is hyperosmotic-like your key tool in making it work is water . If you dont you will be dehydrated .3 . Do the first two days on a weekend when you dont mind being at home so you can see how strong the effect will be . If your going to be out all day it 's not a good idea to take ANY laxative .4 . Adjust dosage accordingling . Seeing as I go back to work tomorrow and I dont want to be running for the toilet more than 3 or 4 times a day I am going to reduce to 2 until the clean is over.If you didnt do any of the above it might be where you went wrong.I also find that if you are particularly uhm ... tight back there , drink a strong cup of coffee that morning . The caffeine in coffee is a vasoconstricter and it will for lack of better words give you a little more room to move.All the same great product !
 Oxy powder is the best product to constipation . I had all my life , now my bowels are moving everyday like a miracle . Thank you for the manufacturer . It really works .
 I took 4 of these pills and they began to work the following day-all day ! If you are not used to cleansing , you might want to try it on a 3 day weekend since the human body is unpredictable !
 Well first time doing this kind of things , but I tried the Oxypowder after many reviews , and I can tell you it worked for me . I am 130 lbs , healthy but with constipation always . I have to take 6 pills because 4 did not work for me . At the beginning it was okay only make me go to the bathroom like 3 to 5 times . then with the days go I was only going to the bathroom in the morning for 3 times and give me the afternoon free . I take it for around 10 days together with acidophilus pearls from enzymatic -LRB- after many reviews too , it say is the only with good cover , so it get to your stomach -RRB- good bateria because the cleaning take out everything , well after getting almost close to the end of the 10 days I was really tired , really tired , with a little temperatura and feeling a little bad like a flu , reading it says that is a normal reaction because your body is taking out all your trash from your body , well it was working . I did not pupu to much for be exacty , not like the people says that they see huge and stranges things , not in my case for that reason I was a little concern that maybe is not working . But let me tell you , at the end , fixed my constipation , now I go to bathroom everyday ! sometimes twice , glad for that , and I think it did something good with my digestion , because now is working great , I am still taking the acidophilus -LRB- good bateria -RRB- and drinking my water with apple juice and honey like oxypowder recommended . Ah I forgot , you have to drink water like they say in the instructions , important , because I was feeling so thirsty after some days , I was getting dehydrated , so be careful with the water , drink a lot . I am still doing the same quantity of water with the apple vinegar and my acidophilus pills and my digestion now is great !
 This is the best colon cleanse I have ever used . There is no discomfort and it does work . When you use it for the first time , you will need to stay close to a bathroom . I have used lots of other product and have never had the results I have had with Oxy-Powder . I now just take it once a week . You will need to find out what dose works best for you , I have to take 6 , but my husband only has to take 4 . It does cost more , but you get what you pay for . I highly recommend this product .
 Oxy powder works for me . I only need 3 pills a night for 7 days cleanse . Now using only 1 pill a night to keep regular .
 This product is everything it says it is if you have A problem with constipation this will help if you need cleansing it will help . I did not have any side effects , So if your considering a cleansing product choose this one .
 At first I was hesitant about taking Oxy-Powder , so I did my research online and even spoke with their customer service dept. They provided me with all the answers I needed . I 've been using Oxy-Powder for almost 6 months now and let me just say that this stuff really works ! I 've tried other name brand laxatives before but none of them can ever compare to Oxy-Powder , I highly recommend this great product to friends and families .
 I 've used this product for 3 months.I began using it to relieve constipation and it works great . I have done the 7-day cleanse with very good results . I now use 4 caps 3 to 4 days per week . This is the best option I have found for constipation but it offers even more benefits . Highly recommended .
 The product did n't work exactly like I thought . The first night I took less than was suggested and was SICK
 I use this product all the time . I only gave 4 stars because a few years ago I noticed a change in the way it reacted with my body . Loud gurgles started happening that could be heard from across the room . Never did this before , so I looked at the bottle and noticed the lable was different . So I compared the ingredients with an older one I had and noticed they were not exactly the same . When I called Oxy-Powder they said nothing had changed . So now I try to live with the LOUD Gurgles from within me , and sometimes giggles of small children ... So , it works - Just liked it better without the noises .
 This is a very easy to use and effective colon cleanser . it is gentle and does not cause cramping . Safe and natural . Love it .
 This is an awesome product . I bought this colon cleanse after reading great reviews about it on -LSB- ... -RSB- and let me tell you it works !!! . I 'm very happy with the results and I 'll definitively continue to buy it .
 I really like this product . It works like it says it will . It helped me . I didnt lose wight if thats what your looking for . But let me be honest and say i think it probably could help someone else lose some weight by eliminating waste . I however can not lose weight no matter what i take in . But i think it will help you out .
 That does n't work?BUY THIS!It 's a bit pricey but I swear to god , it works and I would n't lie to you .
 I 've been taking this product for a couple years and must say that it get 's the job done ! I was literally 10lbs lighter after taking the recommended dosage of pills . I like the fact that there are no side effects -LRB- other than mild cramping due to compact fecal matter moving out -RRB- . It made my stomach flatter which was evidence that my intestines were being emptied of waste ! The saying that healing starts with the colon is very true . Constipation , headaches , nausea , and skin break outs can be due to dormant fecal matter . I just wish the price would go down a little or regular customers could get a discount . It can become an expense for those who purchase regularly .
 I have had problems with elimination for years ... . this product has not only turned that problem around it hashelped me be regular again . This product never made me feel any nausea or ill feeling . I would highly recommend it .
 So far I took it for 3 days 4 capsules a day and it worked right the next morning . I went to the bathroom 3 - 4 times . I feel my stomach is smaller and I lost about 3 pounds -LRB- from 115 to 112 -RRB- You can work Ok , it does n't make you go to the bathroom all day long . Only after you eat -LRB- so be ready especially after breakfast -RRB-
 I was afraid to start the oxy powder because I had never done a cleanse before , but it was just as the product stated . Take 4 capsules and 8 oz of water before bed . The next day it worked just as stated - -LRB- liquified stools -RRB- . After a few days I had to increase the dosage to get the same amount of `` movements '' a day . After I finished my cleanse , I continued to be regular.Make sure you get up early so you have enough time to take care of business - you get warning but not too much.I will use to keep regular - I would recommend to people with regularity issues .
 I 've suffered from constipation for several years , even gone 3 weeks before with no bowel movement at all ! and after trying pretty much everything -LRB- Colonix , Natures Secret Super Cleanse , Fiber formulas , colon hydrotherapy , cascara , senna , aloe lax , Natural Calm etc. etc. -RRB- this is the product that is helping me the most . I do n't get any more cramping or other discomfort than I did with senna or cascara , and every day I get rid of a little more than the previous b.m. My situation was caused by cassein and gluten intolerance , which I just recently discovered . Also tension is a culprit , massage can help . And my toxicity headaches went away after replacing my old silver fillings in my teeth . There is a significant amount of mercury in those . There 's my experiences with this abdominal curse , hope it helps someone !
 I had tried a couple of products and normally do not bother to write reviews . After taking this product as described , I had to come and write a review for this one . I works wonders . Let me put it this way
 If you want a cleanser that works , really works , go with Oxy-PowderColon Cleanse . I guess you can tell I really like this product . I havepurchased it more than once . - Philip
 I only took this for four days , three weeks ago , and I have felt great since ! As a nutritionist and professional in the natural foods field , when I initially had an `` issue '' , I turned to massive quantities of fiber in the form of natural fruits and vegetables . UGH ! That really made things worse ! I was so bloated and miserable ! I have tried other cleansers that utilized the fiber method and also did not have much luck with those . Out of desperation , I tried this , and it really works!Granted , while you are taking it it is rather unpleasant . Maybe you can do your spouse or significant other a favor , and sleep on the couch until you are through with it . Going to work is a challenge too .
 I had horrible stomach pains constantly , i was far from regular , almost going 4 days without any bowel movement and i 'm a healthy young active woman , but i could not get over my stomach discomforts . Doctors wanted to put me on all these pills for IBS , but i wanted a solution , not to be on medication forever . If anything , i wanted it to be natural . This is the BEST thing on the market . It 's a total flush , you 'll go about 3 times a day , you 'll never have to sprint to the bathroom , you wont have any stomach pains b/c it really truly aids in digestion like nothing else . For about 5 months i 've been using this and I cant live without it . It relieves so much bloat and discomfort and it 's not a Laxative , which i love , cause that 's really bad for you . I take my dosage about 3 times a week . The only thing i HATE are the pills . IMO , they 're HUGE . I wish this would come in powder form , that would be great .
 This product works wonders for my colon . It has helped me keep together more energy . At first I had to figure out what the correct dose is for a ten day cleanse . This took a little experimentation . Once I got it right I started my cleanse . So the ten days went by and oh man what fantastic results . Increased sex drive , sober mind , higher energy , and lower appetite . I was also able to lose 5 pounds !
 Oxy-Powder is one of the very best colon cleansers on the market ! I researched a number of products before I decided to buy Oxy-Powder and I do not regret purchasing it . I 've tried lots of products -LRB- herbal or non -RRB- to cleanse my colon and even going as far as getting had a colonic . All of the products I 've tried were EXTREMELY harsh , which means that I could not leave my house let alone the bathroom . Those products really dehydrated my body and Oxy-Powder was the only cleansing product that was not a hellish experience . I 've recommended it to all my friends .
 Oxy-powder is different from all other cleanse products out there . This does not have bulky fiber or herbs . It 's just a few simple ingredients , and it works sometimes in a hour , and without a mess . Very smooth . If you take too much then your bowels will liquefy , so take a capsule or two to test for your needs . And also Amazon has the best price if you comparison shop .
 Hi there , I am 24 years old and have been dealing with cronic constipation my whole life . I am currently doing colon hydrotharapy and wanted something to help speed up my recovery.If you dont know what colon hydrotharopy is I deffenetly would recomend it for those who deal with cronic constipatoin . But I found oxy - powder on amazon and on lots of other sites and saw it had good reviews so thought id try it out . I took 4 tablets at told and that night and will admit my tummy was rummbling from the oxygen doing its thing . And by the next morning I had 3 bowl movements within a hour . And what I loved is that it wasnt that painfull type of urgency that I got with other cleansers . It was just a little movement that I felt and knew I needed to go but I could hold it if I had to . So it was great for when I was at work and could not make it to the restroom in short amount of time . I would recommend this product to everyone , But again everyones intestines are different . So you might not experience what I did . But like I said for ppl with lazy bowels , this stuff works !
 This is a great product that I have tried before and just loved . It really does what is says it does ... a great colon cleanser , but not too harsh . I feel much better when I am taking this stuff .
 It worked as described , i will buy again and refer people too buy it also
 this product does exactly what it claims to . just be sure you 're near a bathroom if you have n't figured out your maintenancedosage .
 Oxy-Powder is an amazing , safe and effective product . I like how this is not a stimulant or uses herbs that may or may not agree with my system . No risks using it .
 Amazing product , work as advertised . Well worth the price , and has made significant improvements in my family 's colon health . Have suggested to many friends !
 Oxy-Clean is the best colon cleanse product I have ever taken , not that I have taken a ton of them . I have used about 4 other cleansers in the past and none worked as well as this one . For me it did not kick in the first day after trying it was the 2nd day and I ended up staying on it for a week . Nothing over the top or uncontrollable but when you had to go your body knew it .
 This product worked like a charm for me starting the following day . I feel great and I 'm happy that I decided to order it after lots of research . I will definitely be ordering more in the near future.Happy customer !
 I have never had anything work so well ... almost too well.You have to be careful though
 I am so glad that I found this product after much internet searching for something that would help my cronic constipation . I hate laxitives and I know that they are not good for your health if used too much . These on the otherhand work wonders without cramping !! I just take before bedtime and it works by morning . I never have to get up in the night to go . I know that I can continue to use this product without aweful side effects with long term use . The cleanse worked so well and I felt so good after removing all of that CRAP -LRB- sorry -RRB- out of my system . I no longer feel bloated or miserable ... I will never be without this product ! Thank you Oxy-Powder !!
 Product received on time , oxy-power was Recommended by a friend -LRB- alternative medicine expert -RRB- . Immediate and gentle results as described . I will continue using this brand .
 This product is great !!! With my own diet I lost 30 pounds and the forth month with oxy powder I lost the last 10 from size 16 to size 8 . Now it has been 1 year again I again 15 pounds , I am trying to loose at least 10 , again , and this product do it pain less and quickly . After this experience you do not only loose weight , you fill lighter and skin feels smooth like a baby . Drink all the water you may can . I recommend it 100 %
 I bought this product for the first time back in January of this year to give it a try after reading so many good reviews , and really needing something that was safe to take regularly , without side effects . Well , it 's now April and I just got a new supply ! The first week I used this stuff , I lost 10lbs !!! I kid you not ! And the weight has stayed off . At least once a week I try to use this as it really helps me to get a good clean out.I read the reviews from people who claimed that it did n't work for them , maybe your insides are clean ! But , if you are a person who suffers from constipation , give this a try , you will feel so much lighter .
 I have done several intestinal cleansing routines including the psyllium/clay/herbal types , most of them work to some degree but I have never found one that is the final `` cure '' for a sluggish system . I was anxious to try this one because of all the great reviews . It works as promised , is very gentle and is by far the easiest cleanse I have ever taken . If you get the dosage right it does not have to disrupt your day . And that is the key , getting the dosage right . You should be going between 3 - 5 times per day and the reaction should be gentle , not harsh . What the label does n't say is that for some people the optimum dose is less than 4 capsules . For most of the people who have trouble and give this product a bad review , it 's because they are more sensitive to it and they need to take the dose down to 2 - 3 capsules at first . For some people it 's just one capsule that does it ! So if your system overreacts , do n't give up on the product , just try taking less and be patient.The fact that it oxygenates your system means that there are many other benefits at work and this product can potentially alleviate many chronic health problems besides digestive ones . Do your research on oxygen-based therapy ; our environment is oxygen deprived due to deforestation , pollution , etc.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that after taking the seven day cleanse , I had hoped I would be `` cured '' like some people have reported . But alas , I still have my chronic problem unless I take a maintenance dose every few days . It 's not serious , and I always prefer to achieve health by eating the proper foods rather than taking supplements . But you ca n't always eat exactly right so I plan to keep Oxy-Powder around and use it when I need it .
 I am 45 year old female and have had chonic sluggish bowel and constipation -LRB- like not going to the bathroom for a week at a time -RRB- since I was a very young child . Went to all types of doctors , was prescribed medication , told to take miralax daily , etc. . Nothing ever worked and no medical answers . Now as gross as it is , if you have never suffered this type of chronic constipation it actually makes you sick and you get to the point you can not eat because of all the backed up toxins in your colon . I have always been very active , played sports , cylcling and running and drank at least a half gallon of water every day and still I was constipated . So that was not the probelm . I had tried every colon detox system on the market and spent lot of money . However , when I stumbled upon this product I took a chance and I have to say this has been the answer for me . The oxy-powder works wonderfula and as advertised . For me it is work the money . I have spent much more than this cost over the years for both prescription and colon cleansing products that did not deliver . Oxy-Power WORKS ... try it and you will never use anything else .
 AWESOME !!!!!!!!! Totally Awesome product . I am a believer in alternative medicine being a huge resource for all people . This product made me want to eat better and start my exercise routine . I ca n't believe that there are people who feel this clear headed , energetic , light , and bouncy , happy every day . Now I am one of those people.On the second day of this cleanse I felt such an intense relief in my head . I say it 's as if someone attached a faucet to my hip and let all the crap drain out from the top down . My energy is way better than if I go and get a double shot expresso Mocha with whip and caramel from Starbucks . Do n't stop at reading these testimonials , get it for yourself . This is going to be my present to others from now on until all my loved ones have tried it . X-mas wo n't be the same this year.On day three I felt like having a salad really really badly and have n't lost that feeling yet even though I am only maintaining now . I plan to go back on this 7 day colon cleanse next week and look forward to it . I have tried Colonix but the fiber drink got to me and so did the laxative tea . I could n't be bothered and it was only working sometimes . I felt discouraged until I found this . Now I use it with Toxinout and feel like I am seeing major progress . I am small boned and almost 160lbs but I feel like I my weight is 20lbs less . It 's as if I did n't gain any weight at all . And I am not dieting , just having more veggies sometimes .
 I have been a once a week person for my whole life . -LRB- more than 50 years -RRB- I have tried over the counter solutions , prescriptions , high fiber with lots of water , I did it all . This is the only product to use . I have done the cleanse once and would like to do it again . I take this product once or twice a week and feel great .
 This product really worked ! After reading a few reviews about users experiencing stomach cramps , I was a little apprehensive about using Oxy-Powder . I did research and learned that in order to get the full benefits of Oxy-Powder many people did a three day Juice Feast.I tried the three Juice Feast then incorporated Oxy-Powder into my diet . I also continued to eat three servings of fruits and vegetables per day , and two fruit snacks . One the first day I had five major bowel movements . I do not want to get too graphic , but lets just say it poured out ! I did n't experience any stomach cramping.In the past I have tried Juice Feasting , but felt constipated after a few days . I had great results using Oxy-Powder . Oxy-Powder does exactly what it claims to do!Today is my fifth day using the product and I 'm still having 5-6 movements each day . I already feel like I have more energy and my stomach is flatter .
 To put it simply , this product really works ! I am 37 and in great health . I try to take care of my body as much as possible . With that said , over the last couple of years I had begun to get bloated after eating my evening meal . It got to the point of being ridiculous . I have a thin and athletic build except in the evenings when I would become very bloated . After months of intensive research into various colon cleansing products on the market and various causes of bloating I determined that parasites were probably my problem , especially since constipation is very rare for me . Colon cleansing was a big part of the process of a parasite cleanse.After another month or two of studying Oxy-Powder and reading all of the reviews on Amazon I finally bought the product and was absolutely amazed . I have n't felt this good ever ! I did follow up my colon cleanse with Paratrex but keep in mind that I felt much better after using just the Oxy-Powder . Be forewarned , this product will create liquid stools as the product label says but it is very effective and as near as I can tell very safe . I am very picky about what I put into my body . I wo n't even take an aspirin . After taking Oxy-Powder for over four months I have found it to be most effective for me to take five capsules daily right before bed with lots of water on an empty stomach . Dr. Group 's website says it is safe to take every day but only recommends twice weekly after the initial cleanse . I ca n't recommend this product enough ! I will take it for life .
 I have tried many of the colon cleanses out there , including the 250 dollar BePure Cleanse , the 10.85 dollar Super Colon Cleanse , the 10.78 dollar Nature 's Secret Super Cleanse , the 24.60 dollar Renew Life Fiber Smart , the 17.99 dollar Renew Life Organic Triple Fiber , and the 7.55 dollar Smooth Move Tea . Out of all the colon cleanses that I have tried , I can say that Oxy-Powder is by far the best and most thorough.Some of the benefits of using Oxy-Powder that I have noticed include increased energy , a lighter feeling about life , a look of health , an acne-free face , and a flatter tummy.Oxy-Powder even cleanses your blood and body unlike many of the other colon cleanses out there . Also , Oxy-Powder is not JUST a colon cleanse ; it also cleanses the small intestine as it is a whole intestine cleaner.If you want a highly effective intestinal cleaner , I highly recommend this product .
 this is the best colon cleanser that i have ever used and i have tried alot of different ones . There are no cramps , or that bloated feeling . Its like having a natural b.m. . This product is worth every penny and i will continue to use it . I highly recommend oxypowder to anyone who has a problem with constipation . it also helps to keep you regular .
 Like others who 've reviewed this I 've tried other colon cleanses with varying effects . One in particular worked pretty well but my BMs were n't consistent . Sometimes I 'd take a couple of pills and I would n't have a BM all day , then the next day I 'd have a couple . So with Oxycleanse I found that I 'd definitely go every day , even if I forgot to take the pills , which was nice . I 've also lost a few pounds , although that was n't the reason I was taking it -LRB- just a nice surprise ! -RRB- . The only side effect is my bladder feels weird after I take it , kind of like the pills have a numbing effect on my bladder . I know my bladder is full of water and I should go to the bathroom , but I do n't ever have that urgent feeling anymore . Not a big deal , but hopefully it 's not doing any permanent damage there!I did some research on Germanium 132 and there 's lots of information on it and how great it is , I suggest reading up on it just to be informed about how it works and what else it 's good for !
 I have tried them all ... Homozon ... OxyFlush ... now OxyPowder ... and more ... you want the Ozone in the product ... if it is not there it will not workas well . Even Ed McCabe who wrote ... Flood Your Body With Oxygen admits thatin other writings of his.I also recommend reading Dr. Group 's Book on the Colon the best of all the Books on this subject!Dr . Group ... I believe truly cares and is truly trying to Help People unlike so many who are juston the Naturual Health Money Wagon ! His book is filled with excellent advice and he goes all the way ... in explaining issues in clarity!If you are having digestive/colon problems of any kind ... this is a great product ... and non-addictive . Blessings ... and Be Well
 This is the best cleanse I have found . It is gentle and at the same time really does a great job flushing out . I have tried others over the years but I keep coming back to this one .
 This is the best product I have found on the market , having tried numerous others . Ignore the misguided and nutty 1-star reviews . This product does what it is supposed to , and effectively . Here 's a brief lesson for the ignorant
 I was really excited about getting this product based on other people 's reviews . It does n't seem quite as effective for me . If I take two pills I do n't end up going at all -LRB- without them I usually move at least once -RRB- . If I take 3 , things are too loose and I get bloated . I made sure to dring a lot of water as other reviewers suggested . I also supplemented with hcl pills thinking that maybe was an issue . Neither seemed to make a difference . However , I did notice my body liked these better than herbal pills . I was hoping this would make me more consistently regular but I think I 'll have to reserve it only for times when I 'm constipated . You may be one of the people it works really well for though .
 My wife and I just love this product . We use it every day -LRB- 1-2 -RRB- and we feel great . We were using senna tea and it became addicting , and this product is subtle and helps you feel great every day .
 I 've used this product for four years . I was glad to find a lower price with free shipping . That made the difference .
 If you need to ` clean ' yourself out - I totally recommend this product . I 've never found anything that works so well .
 I LOVE this product . I ca n't believe how easy it is to use and how great it can make you feel . I 've never been a regular girl , I guess it 's just my curse . I did the 7-day cleanse and now use it once a week -LRB- if necessary -RRB- .
 this product does what it says . unfortunately , if you stop taking it -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- i go back to being unregular . but i do maintenance every now and again . arrived on time
 I 've been a consumer of Oxy-Powder for approximately 11/2 years . This product does everything it claims ; it 's an amazing intestinal cleanser!Until recently , I had always purchased Oxy-Powder directly from the manufacturer . I 'm happy to report that not only did I pay much less ordering from Amazon , I also received my delivery much sooner then I had expected!I 'm extremely satisfied and plan to order again !
 I did Dr. Groups initial 5-day cleanse with this product . I now -LRB- maintenance -RRB- just use the oxy-powder every other day -LRB- 2-3 pills -RRB- . If I eat a really horrible meal then I 'll take 4 pills before bed . This stuff will keep you regular . I experienced cramps the first two BM of the the cleanse and none since then . I 'm ordering my fourth bottle today . I took a chance and liked the out come -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- maybe you will too .
 works great . always keep this product on hand at home for times of irregularity . works overnight .
 If you need a product to help when you are `` stopped up '' . This is the one . Works very well with little or no discomfort . However , when you have to go , you have to go ! Works overnight .
 this product is the best colon cleansing product i have ever tried . It works every single time . There is no worries of you getting used to it or your system getting addicted to it because its not a laxative . Its just wonderful . A must have for me . I have to have a bottle for every month , hands down no exceptions . If you want to be completely cleanded out and have and extra burst of fresh energy and a little wieght loss from that extra goo then this is the product for you . There is nothing in there that this product can not tackle and clean out . Your in for a treat .
 The reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because I had to take so many pills to have 3 or more bowel movements in a day.The first evening I took the pills and my stool was liquid , but I still was n't having the recommended amount of bowel movements so I kept increasing by two pills each night and finally it happened.I also hate having to go on a diet for this program ...
 As many of you , I have been constipated all my life . I 've changed my eating habits , drank lots of water , took laxatives , stool softeners and enemas , getting only a quick fix . This product is different . I am on my 2nd bottle and take 4 pills once per week . All week long I actually have regular BMs . I just hope that it is never pulled from the market or is found to be unsafe because its the ONLY thing that has ever worked for me .
 This product is highly effective and there are NO negative side effects ! :-RRB- I 've never been regular and when I started having hard stools and blood when I wiped , I got scared . I knew I did n't want to deal with this forever so I bought Oxy Powder and decided to change my eating habits . Oxy Powder worked on the 2nd night . The first night I took the recommended 4 pills but nothing happened the next day . They recommend you eat clean foods so I ate salad and fruits most of the day and that night I upped the dosage by 2 more pills as recommended ... and I was up at 2 in the morning `` getting it all out ! '' . Needless to say , I panicked a little and the next morning I called the 800 # and they told me to go back to 4 each night so I could wait till the waking hours in the morning to go . Then the rest of the week went as prescribed . After my week , I was feeling less sluggish , and less stomach cramps and gas -LRB- I was always gassy and bloated -RRB- . I stopped eating certain foods together and I increased my soluble fiber . This was back in April of last year and I 'm still completely regular with nice , comfortable to pass BMs !!!! I almost ca n't believe it . It 's the best feeling . I still have most of the bottle left because I have n't had to use it again . I recently recommended it to a friend of mine who had a colonic but is still not regular .
 This products works . I have tried others , and do n't get me wrong the others have worked . But Oxypowder has achieved better results . I normally take two capsules before going to bed . The next morning your body is ready . I definitely think it is worth the hefty price .
 I 've taken different types of laxatives in the past until I recently found out that they can actually damage your digestive system . So I decided to give Oxy-Powder a try and it 's been a very rewarding experience for me . This product has gone beyond my expectations and I 've never felt so young and full of energy ! I highly recommend this to anybody suffering from IBS , constipation , diarrhea , etc. . If you 're a long time sufferer like myself , you might want to give Oxy-Powder a try ... I 'm glad I did .
 My girlfriend and I after much research decided to use Oxy Powder . The first morning after we took the first dose it was already working . We didnt find it to be too much of an intrusion as some of the reviews said . I was even more impressed when I called customer service with a question and the assistant was very through and helpful . We will continue to use Oxy Powder for maintenance as it suggests . I think after the first time we will be more prepared for our diet change being more strict to reap even more benefits .
 I gave it to my husband for 6 days and from the first day , it worked good for him . He saw black stool his frist day -LRB- next morning -RRB- . He said he was pretty shocked on how much stool was coming out of him when he thought he was a pretty regular guy . He was definitely going a lot more than usual.He even felt his pants a little looser around the waist and his eating habits were the same .
 I 've suffered from constipation my entire life , that 's over 60 years !!! My doctors and gastroentrologist always recommended laxatives and stool softeners , and I took them for a very long time . But I was always frustrated that when I stopped taking the laxatives , I would be constipated within a day or two.Even with a good diet full of fruits & veggies , I would still get constipated . I tried two other colon cleansers and neither one of them even came close to the effectiveness of oxypowder . I was very impresed with the oxypowder cleanse.I have n't taken any oxypowder or laxatives in over a week , and I am still regular . I have n't gone this long without taking something in my entire life.THANK YOU !! THANK YOU !! THANK YOU !! I am so glad that I found oxypowder . I recommend this product to everyone !
 I did the 7 day cleanse last week and found that 6 capsules works best for me . The directions said it works with your stomach acid , so if you do n't see results then take the capsules with a little lemon juice squeezed in water . This is the most effective product I 've tried for constipation . I feel much better overall without the cramping that fiber gives me . I 'd recommend trying OxyPowder .
 Turns out this stuff absolutely works wonders . Just take one and a few hours later ... all 's well again . All those nay sayers out there , the ones that talk about the science of it and how it does n't work ? They are wrong ! It does work . I am feeling great !
 Before using Oxy Powder I was going to the bathroom ONCE every two weeks . I was trying to lose weight . I was sticking to a 1250 calorie diet excering 4 days a week . I was burning out about 4000-5000 calories a week and still wasnt losing any weight . I knew something had to give . Ive had a colonoscopy done and doctors are still trying to figure out whats wrong . I took it upon myself and tried out Oxy Powder within 3 hours of taking it I went to the bathroom . The first time I had gone in 7 days . The next day I went 5 times . It continued to get better from there . Just in the first three days from taking it I went from 162 down to 158 . No it isnt that much but to see that much of a change from just using the bathroom was good news to me . If you are having similar issues please try product . I am moody bloated and all of the above when I am not able to use the bathroom . I honestly feel like a new me . The sun is shining brighter birds are chirping louder . I LOVE IT !!!
 So I never ever wrote a review until now ... The reason I love this product is because I have the WORSE colon issues ; doctors kept doing test after test after test and did nothing but keep giving me different kind of pills . After months and months of fruastration with the doctors and taking pills that barely worked . I decided to do my own research and what I found was either surgery or go to someone different . Surgery would be my last resort , so I did more research and landed on Oxy Powder . Being skeptical at first because of past experience , I decided to just try it . I have been using this product for almost 2 months now . Every night that I take these pills and the next morning I go bathroom . I feel great ! No more bloating , tummy is flat , and I am actually going to the bathroom on a regular basis .
 This product , if used as instructed , works well . It worked for me , just as the manufacturer stated it would . I took it more for removing the toxins that I believe may have accumulated in my colon over the years and for occasional irregularities . I normally do not have a constipation problem since I have followed a mostly vegetarian diet for the past seven years . I am pleased to say that I did a lot of research on other colon cleansers before I selected this one , and I have no regrets . Most of the others contained Psyllium , an ingredient that gave me bloating and constipation in the past , so I stayed clear of those . Two weeks earlier , I had tried another colon cleanser that has a three step program , I had to return it to the store three days after using it because step one made my head feel as heavy as a bowling ball and made me drowsy . Oxy-powder did not give me bloating or headaches or any more gas than I would usually pass during a day , and yes , I did have loose stool , but it was not the type -LRB- like diarrahea from botulism -RRB- that caused me any concern . Anyway , I would prefer loose stool over the other kind . I do feel as if my body is cleaner and I have a little more energy in the mornings . I also did not have the need to be near a restroom at all times , and I did have as many as five bowel movements per day . I started out by taking 2 capsules the first night just to see how it works for me , then I increased it to 4 capsules each night . I also drank a lot of water -LRB- about 100 ounces per day -RRB- which I think is very important for the best results . I have a lot more of the product and I will do a cleansing every two or three months until all of it is used up . That 's where value comes in , it costs a lot less than the Psyllium ones , and you can stretch the usage based on your needs . I am so pleased with this product , I have recommended it to my sister .
 Ahh-h-h , this is not the subject of dinnertime conversation or lunchtime conversation with friends . But this is important stuff because if the intestines are in bad shape , you are also going to be in bad shape !!! Well , here is my story : I am 52 years old and eat very sensibly , organically grown fruits , vegetables , whole grains , little meat , etc and weigh only 150 lbs.Also , I try to practice good food combining and have done a lot of reading of literature on health.Unfortunately as we age , enzymes are not as prevalent and so food does not digest like it should . Guess where a lot of it ends up ? It gets stuck to the lining of the intestines?How do I know ? I have had sharp pains in my abdomen and went in to the doctor . They took an x-ray and saw all sorts of dark patches in the intestines and then prescribes `` Miralax '' an over the counter laxative . After reading what was in it , I decided not to take it but instead to try Flax seed and Psyllium dissolved in water . This scraping action provided some relief but did not really work.Next I tried colonics , this is flushing the intestines with water . Again , some relief but did not quite do it.Have also tried extended , multi-day fasting and yoga with some benefits but no long-term change . Also , exercise on a regular basis.Before I started taking Oxypowder , my feces were separated and loose . Also , I went once every 3-4 days.After taking this stuff for a week , for the next 2 weeks have so far noticed that my stools are solid and long and I go about once per day . This is great news as this is what it is supposed to be like . Also , I feel much more alert and less irritable . Have much more energy as well.I give this product the highest rating !!!!! This is the product that I have been looking for !! Also , I have no financial interest in the product , this is purely a scientific , unbiased report from a `` seeker of good health '' . A little uncomfortable because of gas while taking but no sharp pains or compaction as has occurred when taking ground up flax or psyllium in the past . Overall , the only thing that really bothered me was kind of a queasy feeling due to all the gas and water , but this is how the product works and you have to respect the process.One thing I disagree with regarding the instructions area . Ideally , you would want to take this while fasting so that it does not act on the food in your intestines -- OR -- b. Take enzymes with your dinner so that your food is fully digested when you take the pills in the evening -- AND -- c. Maintenance does of X number of pills every other day in my opinion is not really needed if you are light like me . I think maintenance is needed when your feces shown up as broken into pieces instead of a long continuous piece . -- OTHER INFO -- d. Take enzymes with your meals if you think your food is not digesting well . This will help to avoid buildup in your intestines.e . Practice proper `` Food Combining '' principles . There are lots of books out there on this process . Your food wo n't digest properly if you have dessert with a meal for example . Why ?? Sweets are digested in the small intestine , carbohydrates are digested initially in the stomach . Mix the 2 together and you have created a fermentation process that results in acid production , gas and food that is not digested . You end up with heartburn and the food builds up in your intestines.So if an underweight guy like me who is health conscious , gets a lot of exercise , has good dietary practices , etc. was having problems , I just wonder how many others out there who are heavier than me , have had poor dietary practices , etc are out there who need this stuff to cleanse themselves . If you are one of these people , give this product a try !!
 Prior to receiving Oxy Powder , I had a hydrotherapy colonic session the weekend before . Without trying to be too graphic , the lady said I needed another session soon because there was something hard that was blocking more stuff from coming out . I then turned to the internet and found Oxy Powder . I liked the reviews and decided to try it . I waited until Friday to take them since I did n't know how my body would react to them . I took four at bedtime and let me tell you ; out of all the colon cleansers I 've tried throughout my grown years , nothing has worked like this product . It did n't cramp my stomach at all . All I felt was the signals that you receive when you 're hungry and your stomach growls . I figured it was removing gas because I started releasing a lot of air at first . About an hour later , I had my first results which were small pebbles . I knew then the lady was right when she said something was hard . However , the second stool released what felt like a hard ball and it was smooth sailing from then on . I had a total of six stools that started around 3am and ended around 11am . I am totally relieved . Bottomline , Oxy Powder saved me about $ 100 by not having to do another hydrotherapy session the next week as I was told to do . This is my new colon cleansing product from now on but will still do the hydrotherapy colonic twice a year . EXCELLENT PRODUCT !!!
 I 'm not the type to write reviews , but I love to read them . So this time I want people to know this stuff really works . I am on day 4 and my pimples are gone and my stomach is flat again . I love it.I have been driniking lots of water as well and I have had atleast 3 bowel movements per day.I tried lots of stuff to get rid of constant constipation but nothing has worked so far . This is the only product i would recommend to anyone out there .
 I have required extreme measures to facilitate bowel movements for over twenty years . Oxypowder is absolutely incredible in that it started working immediately , beginning my very necessary detoxing process . I recommend this product , wholeheartedly . In fact , I already have a friend starting the cleanse and we are going to do the gallbladder/liver detox as soon as it arrives tomorrow . I will continue to use Oxypowder for maintenance .
 From the 1st day I had stated taking it the results were noticable . After 6 days , I am still suprised as to what is still coming out of me . I dont get any cramps or gas while taking this . . The only down side is i have been woken up out a dead sleep to have to use the rest room , but that is nothing that would keep me from recomending it to any one else
 I 've used several bottles of this and I think it works just fine . Usually , I go through a bottle between Thanksgiving and New Year 's to keep all that holiday goodness moving on down the line , so to speak . I 've only gone through the recommended `` cleanse '' once or twice but and it seems to work pretty good there as well . My only complaint would be the large number of pills you have to take for an effective dose -LRB- I 'm up to 6-8 ! -RRB- and it never has worked on deflating the pooch around my gut . I can feel clean inside , but there still is a sensation of bloatedness at the same time . Weird . In any event , I will definitely use it again and would recommend it to others . As far as the comments on it just giving you the runs ... READ THE LABEL ! It says right on there that your stool will be loose and explains why .
 I found this product back in 2004 and I fell in love with it . I have been suffering with constipation , lack of energy and just an uncomfortable feeling . But after taking this pills , I feel so much better . I did the 7 days cleanse and I do it every year . I am so happy to find this product !! I recommended to all my friends and they love it too !
 I have tried many popular brands and this one works best for me so far . This product helps regulate bowel movement if you have temporary or chronic constipation or irregularity .
 I loved it !!! I feel it really cleans my colon in a soft way.At the first time I followed the instructions but then I noticed it 's better to follow your body instructions so be careful on that .
 This product definitely works . Expect loosed and watery stool , but the results are great . My husband and me both love it . We have used is three times and we love the results . This product is well worth the money and gets results . If you want the REAL CLEANSE , go with this . IT WORKS.I used Earth 's Bounty Oxy Colon Cleanse and it is a WASTE OF MONEY . It 's cheap and you get what you pay for in that is does n't work well .
 I have Fibromyalgia which has weakened my colon dramatically . I was at my wit 's end , searching for some non-harmful way to eliminate waste . I had lost the ability to have bowel movements ! Very distressing and unhealthy . Even coffee enemas were no longer working . Oxy-Powder has solved the problem . I no longer need to use enemas . I no longer use any kind of laxative . I never need high colonics . And remarkably , I 've even regained some bowel function . Every body is different , but for me this product has been a blessing .
 This product is one in a line of many that we have tried in order to help our boy with chronic constipation . He is on the autism spectrum , and like many of these kids , has gut issues . After trying for two years to balance his system , I am happy to say that this product has been the leading contributor to his improvement in regularity . It does n't taste great , but we mix it with lemonade to make it go down easier . After hearing many parents recommend this product , I 'm glad we gave it a chance because it has given us a better quality of life . My boy is healthier , no doubt .
 You will release so much waste it is crazy ... You will feel lighter after the clense . Just make sure you have easy access to a toilet ... When it comes it comes ... U got less than 5min . to find a restroom .
 I first heard of this product listening to KPFK during one of their fund drives . I have had a gut for years in spite of lifting weights , doing crunches , practicing yoga , riding my bike up and down the hills in Tujunga , and of course following all kinds ofdiets . I assumed that at 61 , my metabolism was the problem . I completed one week of this product three weeks ago . There is no better feeling in the world than putting on a pair of pants that are loose . In fact , all of my shirts are loose . I can now wear the clothesfrom the back of the closet that I almost forgot about . When my wife told me that she noticed I had lost weight , I knew the reason.The product worked for me . Warning , do not travel far from a toilet . By the way , I 'm now very regular . As for those people who sayit does n't work , see a doctor . There has to be something wrong with you . One more thing , I am no longer dieting , and for some reason , I do n't have the cravings I had before . And I can now do yoga with a little less in the way .
 I have tried it all ! Zelnorm , magnesium , exlax , ducolax , enemas , Castor Oil , senna , vegetable pills , I even tried colonix ouch -LRB- would not recommend -RRB- . I have had constipation issues for about 2 years now so I was searching and searching for new ways to help with my constipation . I did n't really expect these pills to work since I have tried so many things . Well I 'm proud to say they do work . You do have to continuously take them since they are in no way a Cure , BUT they will make you run to the bathroom . When you suffer from constipation like me you ca n't wait to run to the bathroom . I got Zero cramps from these pills like I do laxatives . I took the pills before bed like it said and about 20 minutes after I had gotten up the next morning I felt the urge to go . It might be runny right after you wake up so just make sure you stay around the house about 20 minutes after waking up.I saw where other people wrote they made them have diarrhea ??? When you suffer from constipation like I do you ca n't wait to release even if it 's a tad runny at first . Only people who truly want to go # 2 should take these pills because they work exactly the way they say they do . Also if you drink enough water like maybe 2 water bottles with the pills you will get no cramps . I learned that the hard way when I used to take laxatives . Dehydration from laxatives and any other pill that makes you go # 2 is what causes the horrible cramps so as long as you drink water you will be fine . Also if you are like me you will read to take four pills the first night and get scared to death . Well no worries you will not go # 2 as much as you think . It might look like a lot but it 's just enough to help you go about 2 -3 times the next day .
 I tried this product after trying everything natural -LRB- prunes , fiber supplements , apple juice mixtures , etc -RRB- and I just have problems in this area . I really hate to take any sort of medicines and I was hoping that this product could be a safe alternative . I hope that this product is safe to take . I do plan on using it only when necessary . You have to keep increasing your daily dosage until this product works . It took 8 pills -LRB- approx 4 days -RRB- to work . When it did work , it seemed to work well . The best thing is that there was no cramping or discomfort at all . Make sure you have good access to a restroom while waiting for it to work . It was n't an `` all day '' restroom event . I just had to stay near a restroom for about 1/2 hr once it began to work . I would definitely buy the product again unless a doctor advises otherwise . It is a bit pricey though .
 I did my first Oxy-Powder cleanse in the summer of 2008 . I had been having health problems which were not resolving with the herbs I was taking , meaning the herbs were not having an effect like they usually did in the previous 20 years when I had any health challenge . I did the 7-day cleanse . For a few years prior to this time , I had started getting mild pain in my joints - mainly in the wrists and ankles . I just chalked it up to getting older , but this was not the reason I was doing the cleanse . During the cleanse I noticed my pain diminishing and by the time the week was over , it was completely gone . Three years later , and it has n't returned . The herbs I was taking also began to work and the health problem I was having at the time was resolved . My theory is that the nutrients that were n't being absorbed by my body before the cleanse were being utilized after I did the cleanse . I have been taking maintenance doses off and on since then.I am currently half-way through the 6-day -LRB- more advanced -RRB- cleanse and have n't suffered any ill effects yet.I realize this is n't for everyone . There are probably people out there who it wo n't work for , or who would react badly to the product . I just wanted to share how it can positively impact someone 's health in a profound way .
 I can only speak for myself , and I must say that this is the best colon cleanser that I 've ever used . It truly might be an overglorified laxative , but its the best one I 've used.A history about me . I 've always been constipated . Having two babies made it worse . It seemed I would go two or three times a week . And they were n't satisfying , lots of pebbly things . I even have that invisible fiber powder that I take massive doses of and it does not help . Granted , I 'm not very consistent with the invisible powder , but I do take it for like 2-3 days and nothing!I 've read about Oxypowder for a couple years and finally decided to try it . I wanted to lose some of my belly fat , feel energetic and just clean myself out.I thought the most amazing part about Oxy Powder was that I felt no cramps whatsoever . Let me tell you , everything I 've tried even milk of magnesia gives me some sort of cramping sensation . Okay Colace does n't affect me , however , I 'm constipated for a week taking colace so I do n't count colace . I did feel dizzy the first couple of days of taking it , but after that I felt normal . I do n't know about a burst of energy , but I noticed that I do n't hit snooze as often . And I do n't go back to bed after waking up -LRB- which is what I usually do and then I 'm late for work -RRB- . So during the time I took OxyPowder I was always early for work . That to me counts as having more energy.I did not lose 5-20 lbs in poo , and I did feel really gassy towards the end of my day . Its funny , but you can hear the oxygen in your colon , and towards the end of the day it just builds up too much . It can be embarrassing to use the bathroom when someone is in there . But I really do n't care at this point because this has worked the best for me . Oh and you 'll be cleaning your toilet a lot more often . But as I look back , I did feel pretty good when I was on it . So I just ordered some more yesterday . I 've been so constipated because I 'm trying a low carb diet that I feel like I need it again.Its not perfect , but for me it was the best pain free option that I can take .
 I was skeptical when I first purchased it because of the reviews from the products website . It seemed to good to be true . Well it was as good as everyone said . It is on the expensive side but well worth it . It softens the stool and the relief is amazing . No cramping or diahrea . No running to the bathroom all day . This stuff is amazing . I am going to buy more . I try to stretch it out as much as I can while still getting relief . You would not believe how much stuff is inside of you . Pay the extra and get this stuff .
 its worth the money ! I 've tried other products and yet in the end i keep coming back to this one . I just wish it was sold in stores.If it doesnt work right away for you , take it with a glass of lemon juice before upping the dosage . That usually works to kick-start it !
 This product has been extremely effective . I used it in hopes of preventing contipation , a comm side effect that commonly occurrs from taking narcotic pain medication which I had to take when I had rotator cuff surgery recently . This was a very painful surgery and recovery . The last thing I needed to deal with was additional discomfort . I recommend thus product for anyone needing an effective yet gentle cleanse , help establishing regular elimination pattern , or assistance combating medication side effects .
 This product is amazing . I have been using it now for a couple yearsand I would not be without it .
 Oxy-Powder works quickly and without the side effects other colon cleansers cause such as cramping and nausea . You will get loose stools , but who cares as long as everything is moving out !
 My husband and I have been using it and it definitely works for a better feeling you with more energy .
 Works well to clean out your system overnight . Causes too much diarreah if taken regularly .
 This product really works . I will order another bottle so I can use this on a weekly or monthly basis .
 Once you find your dosage that 's good for maintenance . It 's better than miralax , and it 's cheaper than the poopdoc which I had been using . Works the same , and looks the same .
 I am amazed how well this stuff works ! It definately cleanses your colon . For me there was no cramping , no emergencies . My stomach felt better , my colon feels better . I will be a lifelong customer - as I intend to use this for maintenance and perhaps a cleanse a couple of times a year . I 've never tried anything like it and I have tried it all .
 Granted , its no miracle pill it not like I lost 20 lbs in one session or anything . But it certainly does help you get rid of any unwanted colon build up and makes your tummy a lot less bloated looking . I have a VERY VERY sensitive digestive system so I was a lil afraid at first , but there is definately no uncomfortable stomach cramps , gas , or discomfort with these pills . Great product !
 I am a 55 year old female who has always been constipated . I would not go for weeks at a time and never felt like I totally would eliminate . Yes crazy as that sounds . I went to a great colon hydrotherapist and before she would even touch me she recommended some products , one being Oxy Powder . After a week I then was on course with the colon hydrotherapy for a few cycles.I give Oxy Powder 4 stars cause I do have to take pretty much a daily dose of 2 for maintenance . The thing that amazed me and I have never asked is when I am on Oxy and drinking plenty of water I am amazed at the amount I go . All those years I was never going I was wondering where was all that poop going ? It creeps me out thinking about it.It has helped me . Sometimes I do get the watery stuff but mostly it is regular and plenty . I would recommend folks try it if they are really having problems . Also my doctor seemed to think it was fine to use .
 this is the first cleanse i have ever done , and half way thru it i will say im happy . Seems to e doing a good job , no cramps or pain of any kind . have lost 8 pounds at this point . the reason i purchased was i was having constipation that was causing back pain , havnt had any pain since i started this product !
 have been using this product for at least a year now and swear by it ! it definitely works for me !
 I have been using this product for years . It does what it say without any side effects . I am a big fan of Global Healing Center health products .
 This product really works and is very safe . I shared it with my regular M.D. and she agreed that it was safe to use , nomatter how long you use it -- I have used it regularly for 3 years . Nothing else I tried ever worked .
 This product is the only thing that has worked for me after years of both over the counter and prescription medicines.I have hard stools and this works just fine I can control how soft I want my stools to be . I took a bottle to my Doctor and she thanked me for telling her about the product . She wrote down the amazon.com address as health stores I had contacted did not carry Oxy-Powder . I digest my food better and feel better . I even experimented with yellow cheese and the Oxy-Powder worked . I did have to take more of the Oxy-Powder .
 Oxy-Powder is gentle . Does not cramp stomach , but can cause some gas , as expected . Not nearly as irritable the heavy psyllium products
 I LOVE this stuff , and am soo disappointed that it 's discontinued . I ca n't imagine why , because it is so rich , emollient , moisturizing , and has a very subtle , warm honey and bee 's wax fragrance . It is technically `` fragrance-free '' , but it still smells so healthy and natural . I love it.If you have the change to buy it , you must ! It 's a winner .
 Very good product . It works exactly as advertised and also helps stabilize my stack of bowls ! I hope more sizes become available as I would certainly purchase some of those too . A four-inch one would be handy ! Thank you . Great stuff , silicone !
 product works as promised ... ca n't really eat one every day since you get tired of the taste and the stickiness of the bar when you chew it ... however , having one every couple of days is tollerable and works great ... you feel much better ... I think this bar is great to have as a set of fiber tools you are using to stay healthy ... not as the ONLY way to stay healthy ...
 Very good ! I Love this product especially for breakfast . It fills me up so that I can last until noon for lunch . i also reccommend the Cranberry Apple bar both are sooo good . I notice that when I eat these bars , I do n't feel bloated and it helps move things along in the bowels :-RRB- if you know what i mean .
 These bars taste really good . Especially , since I bought the apple cinnamon and they left a bitter taste .
 I think the bars are simply delightful . I eat one every day for my morning snack . I cut the bar into bite-size pieces so that it lasts longer and does n't stick to my teeth . I enjoy it as much as a candy bar , and it provides ten grams of fiber .
 These bars are very good -LRB- chewy , not dry -RRB- , contain healthy ingredients and do NOT contain harsh , artificial sweeteners . Shipping was prompt and the order was accurately filled . Will order again .
 I found this product to be well made a little large but very enjoyable and a good value for the money
 it is a lot bigger than it seems . I was shocked when I opened the box , however I loved it . It is big but make sure that 's what you 're into before ordering this item . It is not too hard but it 's not flimsy either . It 's a great buy for the price and I do recommend this item to anyone who wants this sort of toy .
 i was alil scared because it look soo big , but when i tried it out it was still big but it was pretty good , but i wish would have got it alil smaller .
 its is alsome my wife that it would be to big but once it got inside she squired every where alsome toy
 this was a good deal . doc johnson is a good brand . priced right and according to my wife it does the job . lifelike and durable . good service .
 I bought this product twice for my dad around Aug-Sep 2008 . The price went up substantially from the first purchase to the 2nd , which was very irritating . I saw the infomercial on tv about how people having stents or bypass surgery for their hearts were able to avoid surgery by using this product . Since my dad just had a stent and he was scheduled for more and/or bypass surgery , we gave it a try . He was put on meds and he took this product . He recently was given the prelim exam before the surgery and there was still one blockage instead of several and the decision was made by the dr. to cancel any surgery . I ca n't be sure if the result was from the meds or the product , but whichever , it was worth buying and taking the product .
 I take one of these -LRB- with meals -RRB- anytime I feel like I might be running low or getting sick . For me , it works better than Vitamin C or Echinacea !! By the next day , I always feel better . -LRB- Note
 I like the taste and lots of protein ! I 'm not using for weight loss , though
 This is a great protein/fiber shake . It supplies you with a good dose of fiber and protein while filling you up for hours and the taste is good . I have been using this shake mix for a few years and always order from Amazon as it is priced better here than anywhere else I have found .
 I love the taste of the shake that 's why I continue to purchase it . Unfortunately it 's no longer sold at any of the local health food stores in my area . Its the best tasting of many that I have tried . I add fruit in the morning for my breakfast shake . It also keeps me full until I eat a mid morning snack .
 Since I have had my daughter on this , I noticed she has not been falling sick as she used to . We put this in a shot glass of OJ - at first she did n't like it but we eased her in with the idea of a cute cup and drinking OJ -LRB- we usually disallow OJ in the morning but keep her to soy milk or milk -RRB- . She started getting used to it and now asks for it in the morning if I forget.The taste is great - it 's an orangey pineapple.Only thing is it 's hard to mix it well in cold solutions . You really have to mush it in against the walls of the cup . And you would n't put this in warm solutions because there are probiotics in this . But that 's something that is easy to live with.I have n't been able to find any other palatable colostrum solution for little ones out there and this one works well.Highly recommend .
 This mixes really easily with cold water or juice.The flavor is interesting , but not unpleasant . Sort of a light milky taste with a splash of citrus . The flavor is very light and easily covered up . My very picky 2 year old is n't a fan of the flavor of it in water , but a splash of juice makes it acceptable to her .
 This is a very good product.I have a son of 4 years and a half.He uses this since 1 year ago.I have noticed that he does not get sick as often as he did , mostly related to stomach problems.He used to have issues , such as if i give him soup for 2 days in a raw and the soup contained tomatoes then he gets problems with the stomach.I was also afraid of allowing him to eat anything that was not prepared in my house.Now he can eat more things than he used to and I feel more relaxed when i decide his meal.It is really great.Also I have notices he does not vomit as often as he did , in the car at long travels.I have also used it for some days when I had stomach problems and got back well very very soon.He uses it daily , i only take a spoon when i feel bad , because it is so expensive in my country . Amazon has a very good price
 i bought this product for me and my girlfriends -LRB- or better their kids -RRB- and we all love it . i definitely recommend it !
 i love this product , for my baby it works very well , i recomend it to everyone , u will love it
 Way better than the tablets . My son will not eat the tablets as they taste horrible . Highly recommend the powder
 As recommended by health specialists , this product aids in improving the digestive system and in turn improve the immune system of the child 's body . Just add half a teaspoon to their milk twice a day , one morn one night for a healthy and happy baby .
 Our 6yo loves the taste and the price is right . It is better-priced that colostrum in capsule form . We also take a spoonful once in a while .
 I do n't know if it 's everything else in combination to this item , but my 6 year-old son is definitely a lot better than last year since I started using this . I make a decision last year to not do any prescription drugs and have been looking around . It taste great and there 's been no allergies . But I 'm also a vegetarian-no eggs , cheese and only almond milk , so I 'm sure that contributes also . I 'll keep on buying this product for him .
 Allercare was recommended by my Chiropractor/homeopathic doctor for my grandson . This is a wonderful product . It dries up the allergy runny nose and helps subdue the allergy cough . Our grandson has had much allergy related improvements with Allercare . It even helped dry up his ears so he did n't have to have tubes put in ! Highly recommend it !
 I have tried several athletic tape brands and this is by far the best yet . A quality product that is well worth the money .
 After trying several brands , this is the best tape that we have found . It lays nicely , rips easily , stays on for 4 hour practice and comes off easily .
 Good athletic tape . Tears well but is strong . Can be used to tape ankles , fingers , whatever . Does the job well .
 Quick ship and great value . Quality tape . Cheaper than I can get it around here . Def buying from here again
 I 'm a Masters sprinter with an achilles problem . I have to tape up before every workout . Consequently , I use a lot of tape.The J&J tape is simply the best and buying by the case is the most economical way to go .
 Loved it ! Exactly what I was looking for ! Perfect for what I needed it for . Wrapping my injuries/joints has been so much easier with unlimited amounts of rolls :-RRB- Thank you !
 This tape is awesome ! It 's easy to tear , but sturdy when used for a tape job . You can tape about 11/2 ankles with a single roll , and the tape does n't come undone in middle of athletic activities . The stickiness is easy on the skin , and does n't get stuck to your fingers when you 're trying to tape . The tape can be cut with ease after you 're done with it.I 'm definitely going to keep this product in mind whenever I need tape ! Great deal , too.Overall
 his has helped me a lot with practicing all my tape jobs for Athletic Training . I really love this tape , so keep selling it !!!! :-RRB- it is a very good product to keep in your storage .
 I purchased a box of this + prewrap due to the need to tape my ankle before my basketball games . This is a real good sturdy tape , I feel more at ease while playing . Great value , Thanks !
 Great service , great product . Saved us a little money from buying at Walmart , saved us a boat load of money running to the local CVS and buying . Product was exactly as described , shipping was quick ! For households with athletes I would recommend buying this especially where injuries need to be taped -LRB- ankles ! -RRB- .
 Great tape , for taping 300 lb . art paper to mats for framing . After 10 plus years the tape does not dry out .
 I simply love this tape . After getting a sample from my physio , I tape my achilles to avoid any injury and it has worked out great so far . It 's strong , sticky and long lasting . It does n't snap easily like other brands . Definitely the beswt take on the market .
 This is a great product and I have nothing but positive to state regarding the purchase of this product . Thanks for everything , Joe
 If you are looking at buying this for yourself , you probably practice martial arts . Just buy it , you 'll save huge amounts of money vs buying single rolls . This stuff works great at keeping your joints together when the ligaments have had all they can take . Easily tears in half for making thin strips for wrapping fingers . It also sticks well so that gause wo n't fall off . Need a quick patch for a torn gi ? Just grab some Coach tape and you 'll be back in business in no time .
 I use this tape to secure dressing on a wound . It 's the best I 've found for sticking to my skin without much irritation . Buying in bulk is also much more cost affective than individual rolls from a discount store .
 My daughter is a basketball and soccer player and we go through a lot of tape wrapping her ankles . It comes in very convenient having this case of athletic tape around . It works great .
 Over the years I have used many tapes , recently 3-4 different brands . J&J is the best for tearing qualities and adhesion .
 This is great tape . It is not sticky or stiff . It holds well but allows flexibility and breathability !
 Great value for this athletic tape ! Buying it one roll at a time gets very pricey . Now I always have it on hand when needed to tape up that pesky ankle .
 I bought this product for my daughter who runs nearly daily . Only by wrapping her knees is she able to reduce some potential joint damage . This product is easy to use and very effective . It was delivered quickly and in good condition too .
 The easiest tape will allow you to tear it with your fingers . This is the tape for that . It 's strong and works well so leave the scissors home .
 Great product , fast delivery thanks ... no wait and hassle . Oudtanding material and quality , would recommend this tape to anyone that does sports activities
 I 've purchased athletic tape in bulk in the past , and have received brands that loose their adhesive , or are too sticky , but J&J is a quality product . It has just the right amount of adhesive without being difficult to work with . I 've been taping my own ankle for soccer for years now , and this is a great bargain . I highly recommend this product !
 I have been wearing these stockings for several years . Have tried other brands but returned to Jobst for comfort and durability
 The vendor delivered a week ahead of the promised date . Great ! However , I ordered -LRB- thought I did anyway -RRB- closed-toe stockings but got the open-toe style instead . They do the job of keeping leg swelling down , but the foot area rolls up .
 These are just what I needed for my varicose veins and swollen feet/ankles . I can understand how some would have trouble getting them on but following the directions included should make it fairly easy . I 've had practice , so it was simple for me . These really feel wonderful on my legs ... better than other brands I have had in the past . I hope the great support will last through many washings .
 Takes a little practice to get them on , but they do the job . Arrived after a 10 hour flight with feet and legs intact . Many passengers had swollen feet and legs . A little long . I should have tried a shorter sock but wanted the open toes for comfort .
 Some of the liquid Echinaceas taste really bad and some of the pills are large or you have to take a lot of them.This brand works great for us . Our kids love the taste , as do we.The only reason I gave it 4 stars was for the amount it 's a little pricey and the dosing is tricky ... I think it says it in drops which is a pain to count out . Once I figured out where that amount was on the dropper line it was a lot easier.Great Product !
 I love this echinacea product , it is a great way to get your kids to take echinacea because it is orange flavored so you can just skip it into their orange juice . My kids will take it just in their mouth as well that 's how good it tastes . It 's sweet almost syrupy I 'm so happy I found this product it is a little expensive but for its benefits I think it 's money well spent .
 We first tried this product when it was available and a near by health food store . It was for our children who were not old enough to swallow pills and worked great . Great orange taste too . Recently we ran out when we felt a cold coming on . Not wanting to get sick we went to the health food store to buy more and they did n't have this brand anymore . We tried Eclectic Kids brand - it even says `` super tasty '' . I should have known !!! It is TERRIBLE tasting . My kids only tried it once and ran for water to wash it down . From then on we had to highly dilute it with juice to get them to take it until we could get this from Amazon . It was a good price for a 3 pack around $ 7-8 a bottle in the store I believe it was closer to $ 10-12 . Again we love the taste and now mom and dad use this too because the pills sometimes upset our stomachs . This liquid kind does n't .
 This is a great lighter if you live out doors it will light anything flammable in any condition . I use it often in the shop as well as in the woods . I bought it for a motorcycle trip from Key west to Deadhorse Alaska and it was always ready for what ever we through at it .
 I like the engravable face , and the armor on the outside . This is a simple , basic lighter , with a dual torch , and it works well .
 I was just looking for a lighter to go with the hand warmer I purchased recently from Sundance Catalog and came across this lighter that seemed to fit the bill . It 's actually a pretty nice lighter -LRB- for the cost -RRB- . It lights reliably and has a nice double flame . Nice feature that I was n't aware of
 my husband is going to love it ... great presentation - fast shippment - just nice ... , , , , , , , , , ,
 these batteries are the longest lasting rechargeable batteries that we have been able to find . they are very slightly thicker -LRB- i know improper english -RRB- than your typical aa batteries , but i have not found that to be a problem with any device i use them with .
 I use these batteries in my SB800 Nikon and they are fantastic . Of all the batteries I 've tried , these have given the fastest recycle times and the longest life . I 'm not sure why other people are having problems - maybe they do n't give the batteries chance to complete the re-charging times . I 've had mine for 6 months and approximately 50 recharge cycles and they are still great .
 These bags can be used at home to package sandwiches.They can also be used for restaurant use.They can be used for preweighed meats and vegetables . So when it is time to cook , just take the food out of the bag and start cooking . If these bags are used for meats and vegetables they can hold about 8-9 ounces each.They can also be stored in freezers with either meats or vegetables.If stored in freezers with meats and/or vegetables a good idea is then place about 10 bags in a larger plastic bag , then store them in freezer.These bags are not completely airtight.If you are looking for a more airtight bag you need the Glad Zipper Sandwich Bags . Glad Open Mouth Sandwich Bags are much more sturdier then other brands .
 I have fat ankles -LRB- cankles -RRB- and wear wide calf boots . I have a severe strain/sprain and my doctor prescribed a metal lace up brace , but my ankes were to fat to fit . I have been searchinf for a week not for an alternate brand that will tighten on ankle for ZERO side to side motion and free motion in other directions . This brace feels great , but does n't suit my purpose , so returned . My issue is that the molded plastic brace is flexible - it gives more support than an elastic bandage without the bulk , but did n't full prevent movement . If you have a fat ankle and smaller foot this brand was the ONLY one that fit snug on ankle and opened with full flap coverage on calf . I were a women 's 8.5-9 and have a 19 '' calf muscle whith a cankle below . The XL fit me perfectly -LRB- boxes said s-xl so I do n't know how they translate here .
 Having broken both ankles -LRB- the left one twice -RRB- I now wear braces on both ankles when I play tennis . On the left ankle I wear an older brace without the heel locking straps , and have found this quite successful in stabilizing my ankle . Since a recent right ankle fracture , I have been wearing the brace I 'm now reviewing -LRB- the one with heel locking straps -RRB- on my right ankle , and have found it much more supportive and comfortable . I can recommend this product without reservation to protect against inversion/eversion injuries .
 Broke both leg bones at the ankle and needed something smaller than the Big Boot to wear at night so i could sleep and be more comfortable . This has been great gives support and i can wear this during the day at times in my work boot . Started wearing it after 4 months in the Big Boot and has been a huge relief . Has side support so i know i am protected too gives me more confidence .
 This is the exact same ankle brace I got from a doctor years ago when I sprained my ankle . It works great , I am able to get around with little pain and its comfortable enough to sleep in . Thank 's Amazon for saving me a trip to the doctors and allot of money .
 I found this product through the company website . I have a son with Asperger 's and chronic GI problems . There was a recomendation on the DAN website for a certain amount of EFAs . I found that most store products were n't coming anywhere close to the percentages per dose that the doctors were recommending . I went online and found this . Per teaspoon dose , you ca n't get a bigger percentage which means only one teaspoon instead of half a bottle . My son has been on it for nearly a year and is doing much better . This has definately been part of the healing process for him although for Autism Spectrum Disorders , there are no one cure wonders . It is made from flax seed oil , so if your child is allergic to flax , you might want to try fish oils instead .
 My son loves all the childlife vitamins and this one in particular you can mix it up even with food . Great taste .
 Im a 33yr old professional ... The product works not a fake !!! I 'm on my second month on listol and no longer take adderal ... my focus is on point and my work production has doubled while on this product ... no side effects !!! I highly recommend it ...
 I pray I never have to actually use it ; however , it appears to be a quality product . Seems as advertised .
 We got this for our first aid kit . It is very strong and I hope we never have to use it !
 Bought to have for baseball game/practice injuries . Easy to carry . Used SAM Slints in the past . Very similar . Good to have for a variety of arm and leg injuries .
 Order this product as a replacement for a SAMS splint I used in the field . I was a tad uneasy about buying a `` Non Name Brand '' product . Well I am SO SOLD on these splints . Amazon shipped it and I got the package a day earlier than I was told -LRB- Bonus points for Amazon -RRB- I looked the splint over and placed in my field kit . Less than four days later I had used the splint and I was amazed with the product . It was easier to use than a SAMS and honestly , the splint was built a bit better than the last few SAMS splints I seen and used . Final word on this product , its a great priced splint.PS . The Cilla part of My Company likes the price !
 The major complaint here is that the splint is not rolled ; it is folded twice , which leaves 2 permanent creases . Otherwise , the price is great , and the product will do the trick .
 This is perfect for the kayaking , hiking , and mountain biking that I do with friends and family . It is light weight , pliable , and a good addition to the outdoor/adventurer first aid kit . It arrived flat , which I thought was nice for packing in a kit . Packaged size is 9 '' x 4.25 '' . I hope I never have to use it . ; - -RRB-
 All of the experience I have with this item is through the DOD training . This is a very versatile piece that is lightweight and goes great in any med kit . I recommend it wholly , and amazon has a great price on it .
 I had never seen these before . I had been trained in first aid both in the military and civilian world and had not heard of these . I first read of them while looking up medical supplies , I was curious . After ordering them , I Googled the instructions and have practiced with them . They are easy to use . If you have a serious 1st aid kit , you need these .
 A simple , economic , aluminum splint . What 's there to complain about?Be advised , mine arrived folded up , NOT rolled up as displayed in the picture ... but in my opinion , folded is a better way to store it anyway
 I 'm a health lodge officer -LRB- EMT -RRB- for a scout camp . I was looking for an economical splint for my personal trauma bag . This one fits the bill nicely . It comes rolled , so it is compact in my bag , which is critical because space is limited . I shopped all over the Internet and this was the best deal .
 These seem great - I have not seen or used the more expensive brand name , but these look good for the price . Instead of rolled , I flattened and folded once and it fits in my pack much better than a roll . Today I am hiking with teenagers who like to rock scramble by the river , with any luck one will sprain or break something and I can try the split out . -LRB- just kidding -RRB- When hiking by myself with hiking poles I do not bring as large a med kit so this stays home , but every full stock med kit should have one of these.There are also probably a million good uses for these that are not medically related to repair or support some aspect of broken camping equipment .
 Product arrived promptly and as described.This is an amazing , and affordable , product . Easily moulds to arm or leg . Very light and moldable . Compact , light , and packs easily even in small bags.Tip
 The items I received were black and folded rather than orange and rolled . I actually prefer them over the items pictured . They store much better in my first aid pack folded and who would n't rather have black ?
 I hadnt bought splints for a couple years , and at that time got a group price on several items , so i was surprised to find that sam splints cost 17 $ or more . i found these for under 10 , so i bought four . the metal seems to be jsut right for splinting , very ductile . It 's a little thinner than SAM 's , but if you 're going to wrap with vet tape or gaize , it will immobolize well enough . i tried to fatigue it by bending it 10 times in exactly the same place , and it held up fine . great splint .
 I agree with another reviewer - these are n't quite as firm as the SAM splint , but it 's certainly more than adequate for the job . I ordered these as backups to two authentic SAM splints , and for practice . As such , they are quite a good deal .
 Works exactly like a SAM Splint at a fraction of the cost . The only reason I did not rate at five stars is the lack of instructions/documentation that comes with this splint . However , you can always run an internet search for the SAM Splint and view the video instructions on their web site .
 so good i want jump out of a tree so i can get to use them on myself
 Ordered these due to the Great Value , compatibility and can keep some for spare , and use in multiple items that they are needed for .
 It fit in my homemade med pack perfectly . If I need a splint for more , I 'm calling for a copter
 I carry this with me when I am mountain biking . I have only had to use it once when I went over my handle bars 15mi from home . I hurt my wrist pretty badly and between this and some self adherent wrap I was fine getting home . I could n't ride the trail with it , but after I got back to the road it worked well enough to ride . and was comfortable enough to sleep in before I went to urgent care the next day . After this experience I always make sure I have it when I leave home.My one complaint about it was that with only one good hand it was very difficult to get the plastic wrap off of it to use it , so you may want to open it as soon as you get it .
 I was looking for something to put in our boat and/or RV in case of emergencies.It is exactly what we wanted.We got our delivery in a timely fashion.We would order from them again.Thanks .
 This was suggested as a must by a paramedic for our personal first aid kit . He keeps them in his car for emergencies . I am planning to order more to put in our cars for emergencies .
 Although it is a bit thinner than the famous SAM splints , it is still adequately sturdy . I suspect this splint will perform very well for its low price . My only complaint is that the splint arrived folded over itself in fourths -LRB- and nicely shrink wrapped with a paper insert inside -RRB- rather than being rolled as pictured . I would have preferred that it was rolled so it would n't be creased , but it 's no big deal . It 's more compact this way anyway , and I can roll it myself if I need/want to.Summary
 I have used the `` SAM Splint '' -LRB- the original -RRB- for over 20 years now . They are a great product . This is a very close copy of that original . Looks like it will work as well.What is best about these splints is they are completely mold-able , they can be cut with a good pair of scissors and made to fit almost any application . From fingers to legs and everything in between !
 THis is exactly as I expected . It will more than do what it was designed for . I plan on ordering more of these for other medical kits I own .
 This product is very good to help build out a good med kit . I carry extra just in case I need to help others who may be injured on my long hikes and trail runs . Fantastic for splinting legs , arms ... whatever . My older brother , a professional Paramedic , used one of his when he was enjoying a children 's soccer game and a little girl broke her arm -LRB- rough little girls ! -RRB- . He pulled his out of his vehicle and had her arm immobilized by the time the Ambulance showed up . Having this item at the right time will make you popular and will get you free drinks ... Highly recommend !
 Used it on a patient that broke both wrists . I wish I had 2 . The outside coating is not quite as heavy duty as Sam - splints but well worth the price , especially if you may not get it back . I plan on ordering a lot more . If you are a volunteer like me , they really do the job without breaking the bank . A true ski patrollers buddy .
 This is just as good as the name brand splints , the only difference is there are no directions printed on them . Other than that the colors are similar and it 's use is exactly the same . I was able to fold it up and stuff in in my medical bag . To save money you could buy 1 of the name brand splints with the directions printed on them and buy one of these and you 'd be set . For the price I ca n't complain , as long as you know how to use these splints . -LRB- in `` V '' or `` T '' shapes -RRB- Comes rolled up but maybe folded up -LRB- as I did -RRB- to store .
 I feel that this is a good splint . Its rigid and can form to almoast any position and it stays rigid . Only draw back is the ammount of padding . The splint has padding but it feels it could have a little more . However that being said no splint like this will have enough padding in my mind . Extra padding is usually a must . Havent used the splint yet but have played with it some and I am confident in its abilities . Would and probably will buy another .
 This material worked very well ; molded well into the shape needed . Very satisfied with the cost . Will purchase this product again when needed .
 I had n't gotten my Universal Splint with my Trauma bag , but BP sent it out separately after I notified them . Splint was as described . I will be ordering from them again .
 We used it for a guy with a broken wrist in a backcountry hut . It worked very well and at the generic price .
 This inexpensive faux SAM splint is very soft and the aluminum is about 3/4 inch inside the foam all the way around to eliminate the aluminum wearing the foam . It seems more flexible than SAM splints and does not have any kind of directions with it , but if you know how to use one , this is good to go for an inexpensive splint to add to your pack .
 After receiving this splint , I practiced most of the splint forms on the SAM instructional page . This thing is rock-solid when using the `` T '' , `` V '' , or `` C '' patterns ; I can not imagine any flexible light splint being any stiffer -LRB- disclosure
 Exactly what you expect with SAM foam/aluminum splint material . Price is good and the product comes folded and sterile . Good , quick seller.Perfect for use making custom finger splint for a partially-dislocated PIP joint.BTW
 I purchased 3 of thes after having lost 2 SAM splints to local ERs . I have found them to be great alternatives that cost less and perform as well as the origonal SAM . They are slightly more flexable but stiffen up when you fold a V into them .
 My splint came folded flat as apposed to rolled as shown in the picture . It is made of study aluminum that could support a fracture of the ulna or radius -LRB- formarm bones -RRB- reasonably well . The arm of course would have to be immobalized to avoid the arm from swinging . Although a thin layer of foam covers the aluminum , you can not mold the splint directly over a sensitive limb since the aluminum needs to be study enough to support & stabalize the fracture . Additional padding may or may not be necessary . The splint should be molded prior to actual application , then applied with some minor tweaking and finally secured to the limb . Overall , a good compact splint to carry in your emergency kit .
 For those familiar with or looking for SAM brand rolled splints or something similar : This splint is not as good as SAM brand . This splint is more flexible , but not in a good way - the metal inside is apparently thinner , not as rigid as SAM . I include photos above.SAM brand is considered by many to be the gold standard in emergency medical equipment -LRB- used by NASA and the United States Military -RRB- . Not being as rigid as it should be , or as I 'd hoped , is why I gave this splint only 4 stars . If you want the quality of a SAM splint , no need to read further - this is not what you want.SAM Splint 36 '' Rolled - Orange & BlueFor those not familiar with this type of splint : This type of splint is made of a thin sheet of aluminum covered in a cushion of semi-soft foam . This type of splint can be used to bend and conform to the part of the body where it 's needed , whether it be a leg or arm , or as part of a neck/head restraint . It can even be cut with strong scissors -LRB- very high quality EMT scissors or utility will be needed to do this -RRB- to be used on the wrist , hand , or a single finger . I 've had a splint of this type used on me and , if wrapped and held in position properly , it is as comfortable as it can get , for being injured.NOTE
 A few nights ago , my son fell and broke his arm . My husband the former -LRB- now re-certifying -RRB- paramedic grabbed this out of his bag and quickly splinted my son 's arm . It is very compact and therefore easy to store . He says it was easy to quickly mold into the desired shape and apply to the broken arm . No FAK should be without one .
 These things are great for the price . Buy several to get the most out of that shipping charge , though . As someone else said , they are n't quite a SAM splint , but they get the job done !
 These splints are pretty cool , have n't used one in the field yet though . Versatile little guys , seem like they would support and help stabilize a radius , ulna , and/or a wrist break pretty well .
 I used one of these on a baby goat that had broken its leg.Splinted it to get it to the vet . Vet X-rayed the leg and said the break was simple enough - just leave this splint on and change bandage as needed.So , it also was good enough to use as a cast - in this instance . I would not recommend it without medical approval . Just mentioned to demonstrate the quality of the product .
 A week after it came in I had occasion to use it on a dislocation ; it worked well to immobilize the wrist on the way to the ER .
 Bought these for our bags , got an extra one to train everyone with and hope i never have to use it
 I found this splint to be just as good as the SAM splint and is much cheaper than the name brand
 I purchased these to stock in our EMS bags . They are cheaper than a SAM splint and do the same job . Good deal .
 Purchased this splint for an emergency pack as a &#34; just in case &#34; item . Have worked with it in the military and love the ability to mold it into any shape you require for almost any situation . When not in use , it is very small and easy to store . Hopefully we 'll never need it , but if we do , we definitely have the right item for the job .
 The Universal Splint is easy to use , of excellent quality and can be used on a variety of injuries . If you do n't have splinting material your First Aid Kit is incomplete . Preppers , get this now , before it 's needed ! .
 This is a great gift for this christmas and hoping that the recipient would be as amaze as I was when saw it
 36 &#34; foam-covered aluminum splint came folded flat into fourths about 9 &#34; L x 3 &#34; W with vacuum plastic packaging to keep it sterile . This was for my first aid kit for ATV riding . I hope I never have to use it on anyone . Happy Trails ...
 These are for my medic bag i keep in truck for camping trips & such , they are well made and a great price tool .
 This is a solid aluminum splint for the money.Note that this not a SAM brand splint - it 's the same basic concept however , and works well for the same situations . It feels a bit thinner than a SAM , but I 'm not worried about performance , and you can always double it over or form a reinforced shape with it.The only other thing to be aware of is that -LRB- mine at least -RRB- did not come with directions of any kind . Again , do n't let that discourage you
 My grandfather had problems with his legs for years before he died , and I may have inherited the problem as well.Hopefully not as severe as his was.Over the last couple of years I 've noticed the side of my right leg going a little numb if I stand in one spot too long without walking.I also had a very severe injury before Christmas ,2010 , and it is not well yet.I decided to order these compression hose to see if they would help , and they have.I do n't know how they work but they do.However , they are extremely hard to put on.I ordered the proper size , it 's just the tightness of the compression material in them is hard to pull up and you have to work them up a little at a time.I have worn them several times after getting back to work and they feel fine for being on your legs a lot , which I am.However , being a man , I wore them a time or two with my underwear on , and I could n't keep them up good , so I tried wearing them with no underwear to see if they would stay up better and they do . -LRB- I do n't mean my comment to sound nasty or vulgar , we are grown adults here , telling the truth is always right -RRB- . I reccommend these hose in a persons ' proper size for anyone that has problems with their legs.No matter how severe or how slight.They are quite comfortable even though they are thicker than a woman 's normal sheer pantyhose , and I have found them leaving my legs feeling much better after I return home and take them off.I have even left them on at home on some days until the evening time when I would get my shower and go to bed.I am quite pleased that I decided to purchase these hose and try them for my legs.If anyone purchases themselves a pair of these they wo n't regret it .
 I have been wearing support hose for over 15 years from a DVT blood clot . In the early years , I wore them everyday . Now I just wear them for travel or when my legs feel sore . I do n't wear them too often these days . My favorite inexpensive brand went out of business years ago , but I had a supply that I did n't need to look for more until now . I did n't know where to start and reading all the reviews helped me make my purchase.These fit and feel great . I was concerned about size . I 'm 5 ' 4 '' and 130 pounds . The MEDIUM fits great . Also getting them on was the usual tightness that one experiences with compression hose . I 've never had open toed before , but I like it . With the open toe concept , I can wear them and around the house and throw on flip flops to run outside . The firm compression has gotten rid of the ache I was feeling in my legs , so they are doing what I need.Got these through Amazon and am going to get another pair .
 Yes , I 'm a guy and I found these compression pantyhose were perfect for treating my leg vein problems.My doctor recommended 20mmHg to 30mmHg compression stockings to help prevent additional blood clots in my lower leg slightly varicose veins -LRB- which up until my recent episode have not given me any problems -RRB- . Doctor said calf/knee high socks would be good , but full length are best . Since I had some slight pain in my inner thigh superficial vein I decided to choose the full length.Previously with the hospital issued thigh high stockings I found some discomfort and skin irritation due to the stay-up band -- These were Jobst brand , but the plain `` hospital '' white , blue stitched open toe with a rather narrow elastic band with silicone on top.When these new Jobst pantyhose arrived I was eager to try them . They are a bit difficult to put on compared to individual stockings , but I stick my foot in , then unroll/pull the pantihose up to just above my knee and leave there as I switch to the other foot and repeat . I do this lying on the bed on my back with feet up . After I have both sides above the knee , I stand up and pull the remaining up high on the thigh so the crotch is high up as it should be.With these pantyhose there are no tight , uncomfortable cut-off points that knee and thigh high stockings have , just a smooth transition from the waist to the leg compression region . They may slip down a bit during the day -LRB- especially if you did not pull up high enough when first putting on -RRB- , but it 's not that bad and easy to fix when you make a visit to the restroom anyway throughout the day.Bottom line , you will find these comfortable for everyday wear , or as relief between wearing the thigh highs which may cause irritation after a couple days .
 These saved me when I started working at a job where I was on my feet for 12 hours a day . I was n't used to it and my legs ached something awful at the end of every shift . When I started wearing them my legs felt great after a long shift . The only thing I did n't like was after 4 months of wearing a pair maybe twice a week they lost there firmness and started riding down on me . Meaning I would have to visit the restroom hourly to pull them back up cuz the rode down as I walked . Kind of expensive to need to replace so often .
 I had 2nd degree varicose vien . . and when I tried this one it was so comforting & & helped ; to reduce the pain even the days I do n't wear & easly I waer it & . . I 'm waering on weakly alternate with other pantyhose I bought from Amazon store but the size is large which a little bit time consuming to put on . I liked the materex of this pantyhose also , it 's not niether harsh nor irritating , & I appreicate that it made with ventilation part to avoid infection from long time wearing tight clothes , which was not with my old previous pantyhose I bought years back from a local pharmacy . thank Jobst . . : -RRB- I 'm reordering other piece but black . .
 I offered my mother these compression stockings given that she is always standing and complains about her legs aching . Her legs feel so much better now but she did mention they were hard to put on . The open toe ones cut the circulation to her toes -LRB- I ordered some closed toe ones the second time around -RRB- . It 's too bad I could n't find them for the same price though , hope it does n't go up every time I will have to order her some .
 GREAT SUPPORT ! REALLY RELIEVES TIRED LEGS ! OPEN TOE DESIGN IS THE BEST . THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND THEY DO N'T RIDE DOWN .
 you have to buy the size you are , I listen to someone here got a size bigger and they where -LSB- shocking -RSB- bigger.they are true to size , wonderful , and great price
 This is my first time having to wear compression stockings . I purchased them to wear after sclerotherapy . Although they are somewhat difficult to get on at first , they are very comfortable and soft once they 're on . I have very sensitive skin and they were n't itchy or irritating . My only complaint is that they stretched out quite a bit , and did not shrink back after washing . I actually had to purchase a smaller size because they were falling down -LRB- which pulled down my pants and bunched at the knee -RRB- , although I fell within the measurements of the medium and large when I measured . Overall I did find them to be very comfortable when they were fitting properly .
 It 's strange that you ca n't put it in the freezer by itself - it must be in a zip-lock baggie . But whatever , it 's a great product ! It 's soft and has a fun memoryfoam/gel texture that does n't get unbearably cold for your skin . I get migraines all the time and this is my favorite cold mask I 've ever used . Will probably buy another to rotate it out of the freezer . Love it !
 is true . . will not take them away but help you alot to go thru . . i just love them !! recommended i bought 2 so i will always have one cold !
 This works great for soothing the pain of sinus infections . It covers the complete sinus area from frontal to maxillary , and the the velcro strap keeps it securely in place . I agree with other reviewers who complain that the heat does n't last long enough - but perhaps that 's because sinus infections are so miserable you want the relief to last forever . DO NOT OVERHEAT - follow the manufacturers instructions about heating in the microwave . Overheating wo n't offer longer relief , since the pad will be too hot to place on the skin - and it may ruin the pad .
 The mask provides great relief when my allergies cause headaches and stuffiness . The heat soothes the ache and relieves stuffiness . I do wish the design of the product allowed me to see . If there had been cutouts for the eyes , I would have rated the product a full five stars .
 Imagine my surprise to find a product that actually did what it promised . Immensely pleased and am very happy to have it on hand when needed .
 I have used this both hot and cold , and it does the job . Of course , it does n't retain the heat or cold indefinitely . Mainly , I use this as a heat compress for my eyes , as my doctor recommended to help with dryness and to prevent styes . This is also quite soothing when you use it hot .
 This mask is very comfortable . I like the velcro straps , so I can adjust it to my head and face without it being too tight . All masks bother me because they leave some pressure marks on my face , but this one does so less than others .
 I LOVE THIS PRODUCT SO MUCH , I ORDERED ANOTHER . IT IS MADE IN THE USA . IT WORKS GREAT . I USE IT EVERY NIGHT . IT PUTS ME RIGHT TO SLEEP . I LEFT THE FIRST ONE AT MY GIRLFRIENDS HOUSE . SHE DOES N'T WANT TO GIVE IT BACK . LOVE BUYING FROM AMAZON .
 Purchased this to use after a hard day of stressful work . Have not used it yet , but it looks to be very sturdy and I like how it covers more area than just the eyes .
 I bought many face masks for my migraines over the years , this is by far the best . It stays cold for about 20 minutes and cool for a while -LRB- just as they say -RRB- . It is comfortable and pretty thick . I 'm very glad I bought this.In case you have doubts this CAN go in the freezer and it does stay flexible and comfortable .
 I get really bad migraines that produce pressure behind my eyes , and pressure in my sinus cavities . This instantly helps relieve some of that pressure . Only thing is it only lasts for about a half hour , so I bought two !! The material is really high quality , you really do get your money 's worth .
 This mask is ultra cold when you take it out of the freezer , to the point where I put a hand towel between the mask and my face . It keeps it 's chilly temperature better than many other gel masks I have had , and is pretty good comfort-wise . The heat is more warm than hot , and dissipates rather quickly -LRB- about 15 minutes or so -RRB- , but this is about the same as all other gel masks I have used for heat . All in all this is a great mask , especially for the price . If I decided to buy another mask , so I can always keep one in the freezer , I would probably buy another one of these . Not perfect , but pretty darn close .
 I get really bad migraines and have constant allergy symptoms and this thing works so well . In addition to having the pressure and the darkness that help me feel better when I have a migraine , the icepack stays cool and is soothing . I have actually fallen asleep with it on before and woken up with my migraine gone!If you suffer from allergies or sinus pressure like I do , this mask is a miracle cure and better than any ibuprofen .
 This product smell pretty badly the first few times I heat it up but eventually the smell went away and it worked very well ; - -RRB-
 I have been using this mask for about a month & I ; like it very much . I use it for my dry eye condition , this mask stays warm for about 20 minutes after being heated it the micro wave for 15 seconds . It is really comfortable . I would recommend this product .
 I have been trying to find a good hot/cold face mask that stays on the face -LRB- as opposed to the bean bag style ones -RRB- . I get occasional migraines and insomnia and pretty frequent headaches and sinus pain . This one got good reviews so I thought I 'd try it . It arrived 4 days after I ordered it and both the heat and the cool are really soothing . It stays on my head with the velcro straps and seems like a good product . I also like that it 's made in the US . I was originally looking for an aromatherapy mask but instead opted for the Aura Cacia lavender mist to use on the outside of the mask and the 2 together are sooooo lovely .
 This product is amazing . After a spring camping trip this year I could n't get my eyes under control . They were itching so much I had constant mornings where they 'd wake up nearly shut . Trips to the doctor for special drops did absolutely nothing . I finally decided to try to &#34; ice &#34; my eyes at night , as it just felt like the only thing that would provide relief . We got this mask and I put it in the freezer right away . The next morning , for the first time I woke up without my eyes swollen shut , and I could breathe . I do n't know if it 's an intended use , but my stuffy nose even felt better ! This has become my go-to for summer nights when those allergies are just kicking me down.There are some downfalls . The first mask I got tore the outer seam -LRB- there are multiple layers to the fabric -RRB- within days . It was a little annoying , but did n't effect the use . It got wet while camping again -LRB- it stressed on instructions not to do this -RRB- and quickly got ruined . I ordered a second one which came , and has ripped in the same spot again . It does n't stay put all night , although honestly I would n't expect it to - it stays put while I go to sleep , which is most important to me . Lastly , it does n't stay cool long , maybe 20-25 minutes at most . This can be a huge downfall , but I love the product SO much that to me it 's worth it to just buy another , and have two or three on hand at all times . I only use it right before going to sleep or as relief , so that time table works for me.This is such a great product ; I would n't live without it .
 I just had eye surgery and it 's very comfortable and soothing . I will use it in the years to come as well ...
 I just purchased 2 more of these . I find them excellent for a sinus headache when used as a cold pack . I wanted to have one to use as a heat pack and bought one for my daughter in law . You can also turn them around and use them on the back of your neck and do n't have to hold it in place . I received them in 2 days from amazon . Great item .
 Love this ! It fits snug without being uncomfortable ... almost like it was made just for my face . It stays cold long enough to do its job . I was always told you should n't use ice longer than 10-15 minutes at a time . It is covered is an elastic fabric which feels silky on the skin . It has to be stored in a plastic bag which is provided because it can not get wet or it will swell and be unusable . My mom loves it too and she is going to order one . Anyone with sinus issues should own one .
 This mask is so much better than what you would find in the stores . It is great for sinus headaches or even when you have a cold and are having trouble breathing . It helps to shrink the sinuses and make breathing easier .
 The product works just as described . It is much easier and cleaner than the old rice in a sock method . I highly recommend the product for those who have to do the eye warming thing on a consistent basis .
 This is a fantastic versatile wrap like most of the Elasto-Gel wraps . I use the cold sinus mask for another purpose . i use it behind my neck when i go to bed . I warm it up in the microwave and set it on my pillow and it provides moist heat pain relief for my tight neck muscles so I can get to sleep . I have a cold right now so I 'm gon na try it as a cold sinus mask today . Thank you Elasto-Gel !!!
 Amazing for my headaches ... although it does n't stay cold as long , its not hard like a block of ice . Really good for when you need it while going to sleep .
 Love this mask !! Very comfortable ! I love that I can warm it or cool it !! Definite necessity for headaches ! So happy !
 These would be five stars IF the cooling effect lasted longer . It only realistically lasts about 20 minutes at best . Get two and keep one in the freezer for when the first one wears out .
 Light weight and used for post sinus surgery . It is true it cools after 15 to 20 minutes , so get two if you are having surgery or severe sinusitis . I have herb packs , and have used frozen peas , but this is quite nice as it is soft and light weight .
 I bought this to help with the dark circles under my eyes . I know , vain , but my brother 's wedding is coming up and I have n't been sleeping well for a while . I 've been putting the mask in my freezer every morning and pulling it out at bed time . I do my bed time routine and by the time I 'm ready for bed it feels great on my eyes . I 've put it on right out of the freezer and it 's a little intense . It helped with the puffiness and dark circles for sure . I have allergies so in the summer this is going to be a HUGE relief for my swollen and sore eyes .
 I purchased this product to solve a problem with my dry eye condition and it has helped tremendously . We also wound up using it to relive some shoulder and neck pain . Very good quality
 My husband loves this mask . He always used to have the rice bags that heated in the microwave , which is great , except you cant lay on your side and not have them fall off . I was so happy to find this mask . He uses heat for head/eye strain , while I use it cold . I love that we can both use this mask . It fits great on him and the adjustable head strap sealed the deal . I didnt have to buy two different sizes for us both to enjoy its benefits . He also stated how well it works for him as a comfortable eye mask just to keep out light . My only complaint is that I think my face is just a little too small for the contour of the mask . Some days I just cant find that sweet spot . Otherwise , this is a great mask and we love it .
 My husband and I love this face mask so much that we bought two more for my parents . We use it every night before we go to bed and it 's great ! My mom borrowed mine when she had a migraine - about 30 seconds in the microwave and it was warm enough to provide her some relief . I also love that the masks are made in the US . I would highly recommend this product . Also , it 's been my experience that the seller ships it out very quickly - even on the weekend ! I always have received the product earlier than promised .
 This product is the best quick fix cure for head aches , eye cramps , restlessness , and as a general sleeping mask . Not only can you heat it up or freeze it , room temperature also feels cooler to your skin when used which is also nice . I have never had a better product .
 Good quality and easy to use . For warm therapy , it works great and holds its heat for about 10-15 minutes . For cold therapy , it does n't stay cold for very long , but it remains flexible even after days in the freezer .
 This sinus mask is comfortable and conforms to the face . Only fault is I wish it held its heat a little longer .
 I absolutely love this mask and can not stop talking about how much I love this mask.Do you ever have one of those days where your eyelids hurt ? You know , where you come home from work and all you want to do is pass out in your clothes but you have kids or a dog and you can feel the headache coming on and your eye make up has pretty much all worn off and someone tells you that you `` look tired '' ? Yeah , me too.I have been looking for a product like this for forever . As a kid my mother had one of those gel eye masks that froze and became a rock solid and she 'd sit in front of the TV with it on looking like an alien . I bought one of those recently - turns out they 're super uncomfortable.This mask is perfect . It 's super soft and lays comfortably across your eyes . Plus , it 's not water based so there 's no condensation or leaks . I often times fall asleep with it on ! For some reason , my eyes just HURT all the time . I do n't know why . But if I can lean back with this on my face and listen to some music , I am transported to heaven and instantly my eyes feel better . It only takes about 5 minutes.I leave it in the freezer during the day and then use it at night . The next morning I put it back in the freezer . I 've never waited to see how long it takes to get cold since I leave it in for hours between uses.Sometimes if I 'm having bad allergies or am just tired and I need to put on make up , I put this on my eyes first for a few minutes and it completely eradicates the puffiness and redness . It just makes your whole face cool off.I have never tried this hot , but it is incredible cold . I 'm sure it would be perfect if you had a fever . It cures a headache!The only con is that you -LRB- obviously -RRB- ca n't see while you have it on , so no watching TV or reading.If you are deciding between this mask and some cheaper gel one that freezes solid , put your money into quality and get this mask !!
 I have tried several kinds of sinus masks for my headaches and this one is soft and flexible . As others have stated , it only stays cold for about 20 minutes so I just ordered a 2nd to keep one cold on those bad headache days . Worth the money !
 This helps me much better in its cold mode rather then hot mode . If you have trouble with sinus you may well want to try this product . Serves well as a regular sleep mask .
 YOu can heat it up in a microwave or freeze it in cold-for relief -- well made-I am very happy with this mask .
 This mask is marketed for sinus pain but I 've found it works great as a sleep mask too . I like the weight and cool feeling on my eyes . It helps with sinus pressure/pain , headaches , and eye puffiness . From others ' reviews , it is true , the cold does wear off after about 30 minutes but it does stay relatively cool . Anyway , I 'm usually asleep by the time it wears off . I have owned sleep masks that contained plastic that made my face sweat or made annoying `` crunchy '' sound when I roll over , but this one does n't do that . Even when I forget to put it in the freezer , it has a nice cool feel on my face . I like the fabric of the mask too , it is soft and smooth . This mask is a little bit smaller than the picture depicts . The strap is okay , it is stretchy with a velcro closure . Sometimes it slips off during the night . I would prefer it have two straps like the sleep masks I 've owned before . But it is not marketed as a sleep mask , so I understand it not having double straps . I bought two as recommended to keep one handy in the freezer . I have n't tried it in the microwave yet . I plan to buy more as gifts !
 great product!works well!love it!fast shipping!when i do get a headache of any type this mask comes in very handy hot or cold or frozen .
 I 've used it only for cold and it 's quite nice . It fits comfortably and it 's truly soothing even when there 's no real special need for it . Overall , very happy with it .
 Bought two of these to relieve sinus pressure headaches ... like others have said , get two and you 'll be able toswap out for an ice cold pack when the first starts to lose its effectiveness.Nice design with velcro strap to fit anybody 's noggin , large or small . : -RRB-
 I use this mask at least 4 times a week . Every since my laser PRK surgery -LRB- one year ago -RRB- , I 've suffered with extremely dry , painful eyes upon waking . My doctor recommended using heat . I wet a washcloth , heat this mask in the microwave for a few seconds and put them both on my eyes . The heat lasts for about 15 minutes . I find the wet washcloth is necessary because the mask does get very hot.It really has helped with my dry eye problem .
 Great item which retains warmth for almost 20 minutes -LRB- after microwaving on high for 45 seconds -RRB- . It 's EXTREMELY comfortable & very soothing when warm . Gel products do not freeze so it did not retain cold for longer than ~ 5-10 minutes . I wish it could have stayed cold longer but that 's the trade-off for the comfort of gel . Because it does n't freeze , you do n't need a barrier between the mast and skin . It is adjustable with a reliable Velcro strap . The mask is really well designed . Fast shipping , perfect seller .
 I have found this to be very helpful both when kept in the freezer and when warmed in the microwave for sinus headaches .
 This has been a great purchase . The material is not uncomfortable and the velcro band seems to stay put . I would recommend this product .
 I have really bad allergies and sinues pressure on a daily basis . I bought this product in desperation that it would alleviate some of that pressure ... it really does ! I put it in the freezer and heat it up and go back & forth with that . I use it nightly and have definitely seen improvement .
 I really like this gel face mask . Every once in a while I get bad headaches and putting a cold compress on my eyes makes it feel much better . What 's really nice about this product is that it is n't `` too cold '' coming out of the freezer so you can start wearing it right away . One downside in my opinion is that it warms up somewhat fast so the cooling feeling does fade away . I will be buying a second mask so that I can use one and have a second in the freezer if I need to use it longer once it gets warm.Be careful to read the directions . The mask ca n't get wet and when store in the freezer it should be kept in a sealed zipper bag to prevent moisture.There was also a small issue with the stitching because after my thrird use I noticed that the stitching along the top of the mask popped open a little . The stitching that came out made a hole in the fabric of about 1/8th of an inch so it really is n't an issue . I think that I may have been laying down on my side and when I moved I tugged on the mask . The product is high quality so I think it was really just my fault that a small tear happened . This did n't impact the use of the mask in any way , and despite this I am still planning to purchase a second mask . I highly suggest this to anyone who would like a face mask that you can use for cold and hot temps .
 I love this product . It works as advertise this product does what it is supposed to do . I wish I would have gotten two !!!
 I suffer from ragweed here in good ole Tennessee ... My ENT has told me to move to FL . and I am working on that but untill then , I do rely on THIS MASK and my Alergist and my ENT . I use the mask warm when I need to open my sinuses up , conjestion is no fun ... When anyone has a headache in our home , they use it cold ... after the cooling stops , just haveing the dark helps relax you and keeps you resting without any light leaking like a typical mask.This is my second one to buy because I want my OWN - you will LOVE this mask ... My husband has everything this company makes because of neck and back surgerys , he rates ELAST products 5 stars also ... If you know anyone with migrane problems , buy them one of these masks as a surprise , Christmas - I know for sure it works - I have had 2 sinus surgarys and WISH I would have had this mask , was a few years ago and do not know if they made them but my pain would have been decreased no dought !!! Sinus surgey hurt more than having my twin daughters x 10 - know anyone going in for sinus surgary , spend $ 16 bucks to ease them through the pain , they will love you for life ~ !
 This has been so helpful . Never had one before and am glad I ordered this . Good in more ways than one.Elasto Gel Hot / Cold Sinus Mask
 After eye surgery , this product brought me great relief from swelling and pain . I have other Elasto gel products and recommend them all .
