 I have been using the product exactly as directed for 2 weeks now . So far NOTHING has changed , not a thing , not my bowel movements in any way , there is no effect at all from the tea no matter how long I leave the bag in . I am not sure where people come up with these great reviews ... . the product is a high-priced rip off .
 Think this product is over priced for the effectiveness , at least in my case . Took it for about two weeks and wished I had n't invested the money or time researching . However , my daughter had purchased it a couple of years ago and felt it was a good formula so guess it 's a hit or miss situation .
 i agreed to do this cleanse after reading some of the testimonials on this review page and seeing the pictures some on the cleanse posted.overall , i am not unhappy i did it , though i do n't really know if it did anything . the powder drink is disgusting . i nearly threw up in my mouth every day when i took it . i wound up taking it with a short cup of orange juice and drinking it in just four sips . the pills leave a bit of an after-taste , and all of it is really only manageable after drinking MORE than half of your body weight in ounces of water on a daily basis , which means i spent a ton of time peeing and feeling so full from all the water.i did experience some cramping and constipation and during week 2 - 3 i experienced severe bloating that left me five pounds heavier . i did n't go on the cleanse to lose weight but i definitely did n't go on to gain.after calling the customer service number , i decided to stick it out and fell back to my normal weight during the last week so i guess that 's good . the bloating was ridiculous . the woman who helped me told me sometimes so much fiber can actually have the opposite effect and back you up rather than empty you out.i am a healthy eater and always watching AND weighing myself on a daily basis . plus i exercise 4 to 5 times a week , so the weight gain was annoying . aside from that , the tea -LRB- which i actually took every night , not every other night and steeped the tea bag for at least 15 minutes -RRB- was pleasant and i actually think i will switch to a nightly cup of green tea now that it 's over . it definitely works in that i was going to the bathroom a lot , but i did n't have any problems with that before.overall , like i said , i am not unhappy i did this , though i am underwhelmed , to say the least .
 Earrings are painful to wear and did not curb appetite . FAIL ! Do not buy them . It 's a complete waste of your money .
 I was disappointed in the workmanship , since I had only worn the gold ones for about 4 hours and a portion of the front piece broke off . Have n't tried the pearl ones yet .
 I have arthritic hands and found it very difficult to put earrings on by myself . I honestly do not feel that they are what they are advertised to be and would not purchase or recommend . The shipping time and response to my order was great .
 One of the earrings is fine and the other one the magnet is in wrong or something , they wo n't stick together .
 Be sure to read the product description before purchasing this . You will probably need to purchase new tips to fit the handle that comes with the hose . I would purchase them from Goodman 's - not from another picture listed with this item . They may not necessarily be the right ones . While I had an issue with Goodman 's on this initially , they made it right and I applaud their concern for their customers !
 I should have paid more attention to the previous reviews . This replacement part is not the same as the one on the original WaterPik . None of the tips will fit . I was not satisfied with what they sent me so I returned it in their box with the return label . Boy was I surprised when they did not accept the return and sent it back to me . I made lots of waves with Amazon who did finally refund my account.Do yourself a favor and spend $ 30 more and buy a new WaterPik
 You are wasting your money on this repair kit . The hose breaks because it is brittle . It will eventually break at a point where you no longer can attach replacement hose at the unit or wand end . Thus - your WaterPik is ready for the trash can.Hmmm , is this by design . Has a `` consumable '' been built in to this great product ? I think so.For this reason , I will buy no more WaterPiks . Surely , better design can come up with a hose formulation that does not become brittle .
 I uploaded a picture of what was sent me . The official picture is of a new style handle with a round hole . What was sent was the old style handle which has a hex hole for the tip and a sliding pressure controller on the handle.If you need a replacement for an old style handle then I assume this will work for you . But if you only have a button on the handle and the hole for your tip is circular not hexagonal , then this will not work.Again , when I ordered a picture of a handle with a blue button was displayed . This picture ought to be removed as it is inaccurate . I am guessing that Goodman has so many products that the wrong picture just slipped through . My order did include tubing , an old style handle and the angle piece that connects to the base.I gave this one star because it was clearly not what was displayed in the picture .
 Do not waste your money !!! Did not work - leaked like a sieve . Cost me $ 13 with shipping . I could have applied that to the purchase of a new water-pik . I would not order this product again , and I would not recommend it .
 I purchased the WaterPik repair kit -LRB- then subsequently had to order new `` piks '' as the old ones did not fit in the new handle -RRB- . After one week the new hose blew out of the old hose where it was connected as the old hose had developed a tear at the connection site . This was a complete and total waste of time and money . Why WaterPik does n't make a kit to replace the part that you can unscrew underneath the unit that has the hose connection and the assembly then connects directly to the pump ... but I quess we all know THAT answer ; they want you to have to purchase an entire new unit ! Do not waste your money on this useless kit .
 Following the instructions , it 's very difficult to attach the new hose to the old . After managing doing so , it leaked at the connection . I redid it three times . Questioned , Waterpik suggested me to buy a new machine !
 Like so many consumer products these days , this item was designed to fail . One more for the Ralph Nader list ...
 Most water pics have a round pic . I was sent one with six sides and it requires a different design . I does not work with the round pics .
 Do not buy this kit . The reason your hose broke to begin with is it has become brittle with age . Thus , the plastic connector that attaches the new hose line to the old hose will continue to break through the old hose side . As well , the new hose will not stay lodged into the tip connector . I have even tried the heating method , to try to ` shrink wrap ' the hose safely onto the connector . And , waterpik -LRB- thoughtfully -RRB- allows no access to attach the new hose directly to the motor -LRB- which would alleviate one of these problems -RRB- . So we are all stuck replacing our waterpiks every 18 - 24 months , as I have done for about 15 years now .
 I had no problem splicing the hose according to the instructions . I was surprised to find out , however , that the new handle did not accept the jet tips that came with my Waterpik . I had to order new ones -- `` BRJ '' tips . Amazon should advise customers ordering this hose repair kit about the need for the different tips , so that they can order them at the same time . The delay and extra shipping cost were irritating .
 I agree with the other reviewer . The old hose is too brittle . Save your money and buy a new irrigator . My Waterpik lasted about 7 years .
 The other two reviewers have it right on . This repair kit is essentially useless . Unfortunately you have to toss the old waterpik and buy a new one when the hose gets old and brittle .
 The item was not described correctly and made me believe it was correct for my model Water Pic . It was not . The hose end had a different connection and the handle would not take my style of spray tip.I had to get the correct one off eBay where the description was done very well and shown as the correct one right up front .
 I have had this product for over two weeks and still can not connect the hoses . I have had others with more strength than me try and they can not do it either . I am still not able to use the appliance . Very disappointed . And the extra piece of hose -- what is that for ??
 I ordered this item thinking it would fit any WaterPik . Wrong , when it came it showed only model WP 60/70 & I have a WP-100 It does not fit .
 I bought the product for my wife who gets migraines . It had no effect on the length or severity of her migraines . Also , you have to take two pills , so the box has only half the dosages . Will not buy again .
 I ordered this product with hopes that something finally would help with my husbands migraines . I had heard good things and reviews were good but I do n't think the people writing those actually had migraines-just regular headaches because this did nothing for my husband and he has had these horrible migrianes for years . Very disappointing and now stuck with the rest of product . Waste of money .
 Since we just received and started to use the Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves a few days ago , I can not evaluate their efficacity . However , I am disappointed by the workmanship . After just one day of using the gloves , the stitching started to unravel on several fingers . I doubt that they will last very long with that problem . We will use them until they fall apart and hopefully that will be long enough for us to evaluate their efficacity . On the positive side , they fit well and are comfortable .
 I 've been suffering from migraines for years now and ca n't seem to find anything that helps other than a trip to the ER and shots of heavy duty meds that make me walk sideways . That 's not possible being a navy wife with a husband who 's always gone so I 'm always trying to find new ways to get relief without the loopy feeling afterwards . I bought these patches because at this point I 'm willing to try just about anything . They did n't work for me at all , but I do think they 'd be great for fevers maybe .
 I thought this product would help cool down the side of my head that hurts during a bad headache however , it did n't . It also has a noticeable menthol smell that irritated me by making my headache worse . This product might work for mild aches and pains but not for migraines !
 This is junk . It works for a few months & then all of a sudden , the thing locks up . The LED is still on , but nothing happens . This may sound crazy , but I 've replaced it about 5 times & Conair are great with replacements , but the last one they sent me , I have n't even opened . I went out and purchased a different brand.I had to give it a star , but really , no stars for this one
 My sister-in-law is an audiologist and showed me how to use this tool appropriately . The bulb is n't strong enough to generate enough light to reflect light off the eardrum , therefore , it 's not really all that useful . The quality of the instrument itself is well made and very durable , however , it does n't work for what I need this for .
 Warning to all considering purchasing this item . Do n't ! Currently I purchased one of these units labeled `` professional otoscope / ophthalmoscope '' . These units can be found under similar names on the internet as well as other sites . They are all the same as I found out when others in my class had the same units . They are all the same quality and visualization with these units is extremely poor . The uses very cheap attachable heads that are far too big for the ear . When visualizing the tympanic membrane , the magnification glass is not gauged correctly and causes a tunneling effect . To explain , instead of magnifying the end of the otoscope -LRB- where you are looking -RRB- , it magnifies the entire tunnel , causing it to look like you are looking from a FAR distance away and you can barely see anything at all.The ophthalmascope on the other hand ... Well , it may say 3.5 v , but it is more dim than the 2.5 v welch allyn or ADC brands out there . Also the light is not adjustable in size . It has one size , LARGE , this makes for poor visualization of the optic nerve and vessels . You can get a red reflex , but barely . The light is too large and too dim for much of anything.I suggest investing in something a little more expensive , there are some less expensive portable units made for companies such as welch allyn that are better priced . These units also hold their resale value.My suggestion , buyer beware , these are not as they are described . There are several reviews that appear very fake . A physician , NP or PA would not use a unit like this . Students , for learning , find something you can actually see out of to learn from.For more info or pictures of the poor quality craftsmanship , details are available .
 This product was going to be the backup for at home use . However , the light went out on the second use . I contacted the seller and they sent me a replacement -LRB- it did n't fit -RRB- . Overall very cheap and easy to break .
 This otoscope worked for about a day ! I went to use it a couple months after I bought it and the light does not stay on - like something is loose . Not reliable . Should have realized you have to spend more to get better quality .
 Yes this is durable and has a nice case but it is very heavy . My other otoscope was much better than this one . You can not see clearly . I do n't know if it is the light not being as bright .
 Bought this to have handy for use on my children , however , it did not work . Fitted it up and the fit was poor . When I finally got the light to work , it kept shorting off . The construction is also not very user-friendly and the handle is very big and heavy when trying to manoeuvre . Had to return it for another brand .
 The ability to visualize the eardrum and ear canal were acceptable . But the build quality was poor . Poor fit and finish , speculum would n't seat . After filing down several rough edges settled in for use . Thing finally broke -- metal fatigue in the threaded portion of the metal body which holds the batteries , apparently . While looking and seeing if it could be repaired noticed that the interior connections -LRB- not near the battery , mind you -RRB- were corroded.Also , during operation this thing would eat batteries , requiring a new set after a few hours of total use.An otoscope is a good device to have , and one of the simpler pieces of medical equipment . But not this one .
 I might give this item a better review if it actually worked and I was able to evaluate it better ... I put the batteries in and I could n't get the light to turn on . After inserting and reinserting over and over again and shaking it a little bit , I finally got the light to turn on for about 20 seconds ... And then it went out again never again to return ... Still have n't gotten around to sending it back in to the place or calling them to complain because I have n't gotten the chance during their `` usual '' business hours , so I ca n't comment on what kind of customer service they might provide . But I can tell you that this frustrating little piece of crap never worked worth a darn ...
 Did n't work at all right out of the box . I 'm going to have to send it back . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this product !
 After waiting and waiting for the otoscope to arrive , because I wanted to be able to look in my daughters ears to see if she was teething or has a ear infection , it did not work . Tried tons or different batteries . The little light bulb looks cheep . The way it turns on was poorly manufactured . Very frustrating . I would not buy this . I am still not sure what is wrong with it , but with a new little baby I just do not have the time to call and go to the post office and jump through their hoops . These are super expensive at my nearby medical supply shop and now I will get to pay for two of them . Just skip it and save yourself the hassle .
 I HAD A VERY BAD EXPERIENCE WITH THIS PRODUCT THE SELLER SEND TO ANOTHER STATE MY ORDER WHICH THE ORIGINAL DESTINATION WAS MIAMI FL . I DID N'T RECEIVED IT AND THEN THEY SAY THAT I CANCELED MY ORDER . THATS NOT TRUE I WAS EXPECTING MY ORDER BUT INSTEAD OF THAT I GET MY MONEY BACK.A BAD EXPERIENCE .
 The product is well presented and sealed etc. . I have one inquiry which relates to the satisfaction level , namely , why does it have a metallic/horse hoof glue taste to it . Is the fruit salts product formulated the same as the SOUTH AFRICAN ENOS ?
 The price seemed great at 1.99 but when the price of shipping was added the price totaled about the same price as what I paid -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for a $ 6.00 similar product and it was n't as nice as the other similar priced item . The attachements are very sharp and scratch you . Its also very loud . Not worth it .
 I have taken this product twice -LRB- for two months during that `` time '' -RRB- and it does n't help at all with irritability or painful cramps . Would not purchase again !
 I have been suffering from painful periods for over twenty years , even after my three children were born . I never liked popping heavy mg medicine so i would just grab two of the lightest pain relievers i could and `` stomach '' whatever pain was left . I came across this name on a website called goodguide.com where they review products based on a number of scientific scores and one of the criteria being how healthy is it for you to take . It scored a 10 out of 10 so I thought I 'd give it a try ... after using for two months the minimum three days each month , i can honestly say it was ineffective . It dampened the pain but produced no drowsiness which is something i look forward to when having pain so i can be lulled to sleep . I am very health conscious and would choose to use a product that has few questionable ingredients bur I would also like an effective product or else i 'm just dumping more chemicals in my body for nothing ... . eat drink and be weary folks ...
 Since we just received and started to use the Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves a few days ago , I can not evaluate their efficacity . However , I am disappointed by the workmanship . After just one day of using the gloves , the stitching started to unravel on several fingers . I doubt that they will last very long with that problem . We will use them until they fall apart and hopefully that will be long enough for us to evaluate their efficacity . On the positive side , they fit well and are comfortable .
 I got a bunch of coupons for Glade products , and since I buy the air freshener and ran out of Air Wick , I decided to give Glade plug-ins a try . This was a complete waste of money . I could n't smell a thing and have no desire to use Glade plug-ins anymore . I will continue to use their Rainshower and other water candles and air freshener . I even like the vacuum deodorizer , but the plug-ins leave much to be desired . I found Air Wick candles with this same scent and they worked immediately .
 it works fine just like any other clipper , but mine broke within a few uses . i 'll plug it in and turn it on , and it wo n't turn on , then i have to hold the switch in a certain position to keep it on while i cut my hair . not exactly convenient . the operation aside from this flaw is fine , but that 's a pretty big flaw so i 'm giving it a bad review .
 I am not sure if the problem is related to the overall design or the how the blades are sharpened at the factory , but this unit is just like every other set of clippers I have purchased as a home user -- It does not cut very well . It takes 3 or 4 passes over the same area of the head to completely cut the hair in that area . This holds true for different types of hair . I wish I could find something that works well .
 Previously purchased this item for years for $ 15 for 42 -LRB- .36 ea -RRB- . New supplier offers only pkgs of 12 for $ 8.25 -LRB- .71 ea -RRB- or case of 72 for $ 45 -LRB- .63 ea -RRB- Double the price ! You can buy them at the local drugstore for around $ 12 - $ 15 for 42 . I contacted the supplier and they claim that a picture that shows a pkg of 42 is better than no picture at all . I claim it 's deceptive.They were unconcerned , abrupt and no help at all.Buy elsewhere !
 You shipped me the wrong `` version '' of this product , in other words , NOT WHAT I ORDERED !!!! I had to go to the trouble of shipping it back . In speaking with your representative , she stated `` we sent you the largest one we had '' . I informed her that that was not OK because it was not the one that I had ordered . If they did n't have the one that I ordered in stock , someone should have told me so that I could then make the decision as to whether or not to cancel the order or accept a substitute.This whole situation was totally unacceptable !!!! Cathy Carbone
 This product was so weak . Could not even make a dent in bikini area . Could barely do my nose . Sellers ask us not to leave a bad review and they will do something to make it right -LRB- maybe return money or something else - I do not know -RRB- which is probably why there are not a lot of bad reviews on this product . However , I am hoping no one else will waste their money on this product . It really stinks ...
 This product did n't work from the second it came out of the box . And since the warranty requires me to pay for the shipping , it 's really not worth returning .
 When I bought this and brought it home , it did n't work at all and it still does n't work months later , stuck with a $ 20 . shaver that 's worthless . Do n't buy it
 I was impressed with all the extra 's that came with my bikini trimmer BUT ... . the trimmer did not work like it 's supposed to . I had been using my Mom 's bikini trimmer -LRB- exactly the same model -RRB- that is a year old and was looking forward to having my own that was brand new . Only problem is the brand new one does n't work as good as the year old one . I went to return the item ... . only to find that Amazon does n't except returns on trimmers . I know that this is a good product , but I got a lemon and I 'm stuck with it ... so I 'm not to happy .
 I like a nice clean bikini area and this product simply will not get you there . I have never used it for facial hair but I tried it for my bikini area and it was a total waste of money . It took a long time trim a little bit of hair and it does n't get close at all . Stubble in that area is just not acceptable ...
 I purchased this after reading many reviews . It came , I took it out of the package and threw the package away . A few days went by and I tried ot use it . It did not work . Hmmm , maybe hte batteries are dead . Eventually i bought new batteries but it still did not work so I got a busted product . Not worth the chance , would not suggest this product
 As the reviewer below mentioned , this device neither shaves nor removes the hair around the bikini area , but instead seems to trim it down to a small point . This is ok if all you want is to not have long hairs creeping around , but I was expecting a much smoother result , and this thing does n't cut it ! I have very dark hair , and it was still visible after trimming , plus it hardly seemed to touch thicker hairs ! Where this does work quite well is on my upper thighs , where the hair is lighter and finer , but I have other things to remove hair there ! All-in-all , I 'm disappointed by this device and would n't recommend it in place of waxing , epilating , or just plain shaving .
 Does n't work on coarse hairs . Does n't remove , only trims . Okay for fine light hair -- of course , if you have fine , light hair , you do n't need to try to remove .
 I 'm a smart woman , so it occurred to me to think I was going to get what I paid for . And I did . At $ 10 , this trimmer was hard to pass up . I was attracted to its shape and size and figured it would be easy to manneuver . While this is true , after 1 use , the thing stopped working , even with new batteries . So , I bought a 2nd one , thinking it was a fluke . The same thing happened . I followed the instructions and did not break this product . It is a piece of junk . I did , however , find a much better product -- the epilady bikini trimmer . This product works well and is still slim in size .
 The motor on this went out in about two weeks . It was not a battery issue , but a motor issue , and therefor a quality issue .
 I love the way they neglected to say ITS ALUMINUM HYDROXIDE 160MG !! and that 's the ingredient in greatest quantity in this product . Instead Alginic acid an inactive ingredient is listed along with the benign baking soda!aluminum hydroxide 160 mg ; magnesium carbonate 105 mg
 While the taste was pleasant enough , in my experience , it provided precious little heartburn relief , nor did it &#34; keep acid down for hours &#34; . I wo n't be buying either the tablet or the liquid again.Again
 It may be a good health supplement but I bought it primarily for using it as a healthy sweetener -LRB- I am diabetic -RRB- . It has hardly any sweetening effect . I have tried upto 5 drops in half a cup of coffee and also tea . I bought two bottles , for home and work .
 I ordered this item THREE times and each time was sent the wrong item . I finally called the manufacturer and they said they are updating there catalog so beware you probably wo n't get what you order . Amazon was nice and did keep giving me free return labels but what a waste of time !
 IM GERMAN SO I 'M FAMILIAR WITH THIS PRODUCT . IT DOES WHAT IT SAYS ON THE LABEL . IT DEFENATLY WORKS FOR ME , USUALLY WHEN I TAKE IT , IT WORKS WITH IN MINUTES , IT IS GREAT A GREAT PRODUCT .
 This trimmers were as dull as the all in 1 andis clipper set I bought from wal-mart . The blase is the same as well . I wanted a trimmer for sharp line-ups like the barbes and I did n't get that . UNLESS , I 'm missing something , these are not that sharp .
 I bought this trimmer to replace a cheap one because my wife started give my son and I our regular haircuts , I searched for the best T trimmer and was very disappointed with this product , it is very dull and hurts the skin . I wish I would have returned it .
 The machine I bought does not cut well due ti lack of power . I would not recommend anyone to buy from here
 This is sooooo noisy ... after the first use it just got loud and its vibrating harder than a truck engine under pressure ... And I have never dropped it ... This is the first and last time I will be getting one of these ...
 I do n't shave very often and I bought these clippers to trim my beard before shaving . I can only get 50 % of my face before the clippers stop working . I 'm not sure if they 're overheating or what . I 've tried oiling the heck out of them , but nothing seems to matter . Very frustrating .
 This cutter cuts really good and it 's like clean shaven but it 's freaken ' moody , plus you ca n't use it for a long time because it gets really hot that will burn your skin.I thought this brand is good , it 's good in a way but come on , I said it 's moody , because sometimes it cuts hair without any problem but most of the time my hair gets stuck in between the metal part.I bought the same brand for my dogs and I have the same issue , it overheats and dogs ca n't stand it.I had to always chase my dog because she would fight me , plus it makes so much noise for a dog.this is probably crappy review but , Im just not happy with my purchase.I hope I can return it but obviously I ca n't . Just but WAHL brand price is reasonable .
 I have had this product for over 2 years now and decided to come back and review it . The blade is very very loud and get extremely hot when edging my beard and hair . The shell of the unit is made of plastic and the motor inside gets extremely hot to the touch . The 2 blades are separated by a thin plastic or cardboardish material that broke within the first 5 months of personal use . This causes the blades to not align very well at the point of the actual cut . Think of where the teeth from both sides of the blade meet . Since the material is so flimsy made , the teeth do n't always align very well , and consequently do n't cut a sharp line around the hair or beard line . This will be the last Andis I ever purchase . Poor construction , loud and hot .
 I purchased this item six months ago and it worked well for five months and then it stopped working . Low power . I am disappointed considering this brand is considered one of the better quality out there . I would not recommend it . It does not last long and pricey .
 The box the trimmer was is was all messed up . When I opened them , they had hair and oil all over it , this product is 101 % used . It say 's `` New '' , but really is not . The clippers is a rip off . They charge $ 48 , just take and etra $ 25 and go get a BRAND NEW one with lifetime warranty . The trimmer cuts ok , but not like it should . I do not recommend this if you want to cut hair with a straight , crisp line . GO TO THE A BARBER STORE AND GET A BRAND NEW , MEAN BRAND NEW ONE FOR $ 60 WITH A LIFETIME WARRANTY .
 I bought this trimmer and the set of combs that Amazon recommends to go with them and the combs do not fit . Do not buy the suggested combs ! They are made for a different model . See other comments on the combs page . We are very disappointed and now do n't know if this clipper even has combs that go with it . The Andis site is not very helpful so far .
 After reading so much good reviews I decided to purchase it . When I turned it on I noticed that it was running slow . My outlet does n't have anything plugged in it so I do n't know why it would run slow . I looked at the trimmer and I ca n't find any adjustment screw to beef up the power like those found on the clippers . I am not sure if I got a bad trimmer or not .
 Sold me a USED , scratched-up DIRTY , RUSTY trimmer . I got my trimmer in the mail and right away noticed that the packaging did n't add up . There was n't even a piece of tape holding the top or bottom flap of the box together . When I picked it up with one hand , the trimmer practically fell right out . There was no literature at all in the box , no manual , no product registration card ... nothing . There was a trimmer and a 3/4 way full tube of oil . The plastic bag containing the trimmer was beat up , ripped and punctured from who knows what . The trimmer itself had a giant rust looking stain right on the edge of the blade by the cutting surface . The blade also was scratched up all over from someone trying to clean it too vigorously . Next to the two screws holding in the blade were numerous , and I mean a lot , of puncture and scratch marks from a screw driver consistent with many times of some amateur taking the blade off and screwing it back on carelessly . This is clearly a used blade someone cleaned up to pass off as new . Yeah Amazon sent me a replacement for free , and even gave me a discount -LSB- after a phone call -RSB- . I just got the second one today . Same issue with the packaging . At least this blade is n't scratched as noticeably . Why is the packaging not secured ? Where is all the product literature ? Who is refurbishing these things and selling them full price to amazon who then sells it to me ? This is nonsense . Thanks Amazon - real good quality control system you have ...
 opened the box and the clippers were nice . Plugged them in and they started off loud but I figured they just needed some adjusting . 45 seconds in they completely die . Couldnt even finish what I started .
 i bought this trimmer after reading all of the positive feedback . i am not impressed . it does not cut as close as people say , so i tried oiling the blades , and still no luck . try one of the other andis trimmers ...
 Given that this was one of Amazon 's top results for beard trimmers , and it purported to do fades , I figured surely it would include a guard to adjust for different shave lengths . I thought wrong . This shaver has but one size , and as such I 'm not sure what it would be good for unless you were a professional hair cutter , or you just wanted to shave your head .
 I received my trimmers plugged them in to find that they made a really loud noise and got hot really quickly ... very disappointed
 because this clipper is not good at all ! It is a buzzer-style clipper with very heavy vibration . It can be uncomfortable to hold . I found it best to use a firm finger tip grip - not a deep in the palm hold . Yes , the case does get very warm . I have lost one of the case screws . It must have been vibrated loose or loosely attached at the factory.The clipper starts with a very loud click and buzz . Compared to other vibrating-style clippers , it is a very loud device.The cut is definitely not suitable for shaving . I was not expecting razor close but this does roughly a 5 o'clock shadow . This may be okay for you if you have a particular problem with ingrown hairs from curly hair when it is cut too short . If you are very blonde , it may be okay also.For older men , especially if your hearing is starting to go , this is a good length for the ear/nasal hairs.The clippers cut better new than now - about 50 cuts/trims later . They do n't pull the hair but the cut was closer . My hair is thick and coarse . I never could just dive in with this device . I have to nibble and cut from several directions to get an adequate cut . This is true even when I am simply edging.I thought I was upgrading when I bought these . Previously I was using battery-operated clippers -LRB- boc -RRB- . The battery life was good with alkalines . I was using rechargeables so battery life was not a problem . I thought that if the boc was good , then the Andis would be great ! I was wrong . The closeness of the cut is definitely better with the boc . They gave adequate electric razor quality closeness . The heft and feel -LRB- minus the vibration -RRB- is better with the Andis . The boc are not as much toy quality as I thought . They cut closer , are quieter , cut more consistently than the Andis !!!
 They shipped the item with broken teeth on the trimmers . I am currently in afghanistan and its not worth it to send the clippers back because of , time consumption and money being spent . This review is a little late but I just remembered to do the review after cutting myself with the clippers with BROKEN TEETH !!! Maybe you should try a different vendor as these guys might short change you .
 Ordered this around a month ago -- Amazon shipped , so I received it fast and in good physical condition . The trimmer looks good and feels solid , but when I plugged it in and tried to use it , I was totally disappointed . I could have done a better job with the cheapest used full size hair trimmer bought at a thrift store . The blades were as dull as a lawn mower used to trim a rock garden . The trimmer was a complete disappointment . The only good part of ordering this unit -LRB- if you can consider it good -RRB- was that I was amazed at how painlessly Amazon has made it to return a product to them . Very easy to ship back -LRB- be sure to save their shipping container as it makes it easier to box and return your product -RRB- , slap their return label to the box , call for a pickup , and your done .
 Worked great for the first month , then it was n't cutting as close , and finally it stopped working all together ... not happy at all with the quality ... I thought this brand was good , but I guess not .
 after unpacking then tryin to use it wouldnt shave because the blade is dull . Unfortunate for me i live in the caribbean so shipping it back would be to expensive so i had to order new blades which would b cheaper for me.However , the machine was quiet when tried to use it and did not over heat like some people was saying .
 This Andis professional outliner personal trimmer broke after 5 uses . The moving part is not moving any more , just makes noise .
 I was totally dissatisfied with the item , the trimmer came with rust on the blade.how bad can things get from there . I had to go and purchase another blade for the machine which was approximately half the price of the machine .
 stop working after 5 week and i use the Trimmer twice im out of 47.00 dollars better luck next time
 I had to return these Trimmers back to the Manufacture because the ones that I received overheated the very first time I used them , but they did change them out for me without any charge .
 this is a waste of money , get the styliner ll trimmer . I got this product defective - it vibrates like a jacket hammer , i can not line up properly due to this . stay away from this product . you have been warned .
 ive had this item before and it works great , however this was my first time ordering it from amazon . when i received my package everything seemed normal , but when i plugged in the clippers i could tell right away that something was wrong . the clipper blades were moving way to fast and it sounded terribly loud . besides that one occassion ive actually owned these clippers twice before and those two times they were fantastic
 i feel like i 'm going to get cut when i use this product . it makes this noise and you have to be really careful and shave lightly .
 I have owned the Frio pack for approx 3 years . It has never kept my insulin cool for more than a couple hours -LRB- even after using refrigerated water to activate and keeping in fridge over night BEFORE traveling , and keeping in a fridge where ever we stay.However , two days ago my husband and I flew to Las Vegas and I was asked if I had any gel packs for my insulin . I answered honestly and EVERY item I had with me was gone through -LRB- and I mean EVERYTHING , my purse , carry-on , and the gel pack -RRB- . I was also physically patted down . This is the first time I 've had this treatment . I asked what was going on and was told by the TSA employee that they have been having problems with gel packs . I stated I 've been using it for years and never been searched before . She claimed this was a new requirement.Because of this pack , it took a LOT longer to get through the screening process . Luckily , we always get to the airport early . I 'm leaving the gel pack in my suitcase for the flight home and searching for a regular , non-gel carrying case.I would urge anyone considering purchasing one of these to see if they are on the TSA list -LRB- personally , I did not see these listed on their web-site before our flight , so it could be a new job security thing at the airports -RRB- .
 Just did n't work for me . I need my meds to stay colder . If you only need it cool , it 's fine .
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it .
 I purchased to keep my Byetta pen cool . I followed the instructions carefully to activate it . The gel pellets expanded but it did not keep anything cool ! I REALLY WANT MY MONEY BACK ! Do n't buy this item .
 I used this item in December and it worked fine . When I tried to use it again the insulation did not expand with the water and my insulin pen did not stay cool . The only thing it is good for is the trash . What a waste of money and it was not cheap !
 This product honestly just does n't work . It may be a couple of degrees cooler than the ambient temperature , but it does not provide enough cooling to make it useful for those trying to maintain the integrity of their insulin in warm weather . It is not even close to being worth the money . I strongly recommend against it .
 I bought a Frio wallet and followed all of the instructions -LRB- there are n't many instructions -RRB- . I always kept it in a place where the air circulates . Within four months , it became moldy and smelled like dirty wet socks . The gel failed to expand , hence , no cooling.I called the distributor who acknowledged that she had the same problem , but there was nothing she could do for me.Buying a Frio is like throwing $ 25-30 dollars down the toilet .
 will not keep anything cool at all . does not work , period . feels like it may work at first . That 's because it 's wet , wet stuff feels cooler . had it in the mesh side pocket of a backpack and was room temp an hour into flight , stayed room temp the entire trip .
 Product Features at URL :[ ... -RSB- Product Features Said quote
 I took this vitamin for a month , not sure what it is supposed to do for me , but did n't feel much different .
 Here were my reasons for choosing this trimmer over other brands . My number one reason - the Vacuum feature 2 -RRB- Double A Battery operated 3 -RRB- The Wahl brand name . Did anyone at Wahl actually test this item with consumers ??? Wahl products have a good reputation for quality but , this product , in my humble opinion , is sub-standard . I read the other reviews prior to my purchase and they were mixed on how well this trimmer kept the mess down and how well people liked this trimmer . So I thought I 'd give it a shot . For my husband the vacuum feature of this trimmer did n't work at all , still hair all over the sink when he trims his Goatee . Maybe if you keep your Beard , Mustache or Goatee VERY short the vacuum on this device works , I do n't know , others in their reviews said it worked for them.The other thing that is not designed well on this trimmer is the way the fine trimming guides change out on the unit -LRB- the small guides included and shown in the Amazon picture above -RRB- . They are hard to pop on and off making it inconvenient to use more than one fine adjustment -LRB- my husband uses two each time he shaves -RRB- . My last complaint
 Pros-Having it operate on batteries is actually kind of nice in comparison to cords.-The vacuum works great , and it 's easy to clean.Cons-The battery pack makes it large , and incredibly clumsy to hold.-The blade 's at a bad angle which means you have to awkwardly run it across your face for it to actually cut any hairs-I have to keep my beard very trim and like precise lines . Because it 's so large , awkward to hold , and not sharp at all , I ca n't get any precision on my neck and cheek lines . It 's hard to see exactly what I 'm doing because of how big it is and how awkwardly you have to hold it . and it left my actual beard really patchy all over.-The blade trimmer itself is pretty long and makes going for any type of precision impossible.Don ' t get this if you actually want to keep your beard or mustache trimmed and neat looking .
 I ordered this for my husband as my # 1 annoyance is him leaving stubble all over the sink . I was so excited when it arrived ! However when he tried it out , the vaccuum did n't seem to be working at all ... strange I thought , let 's try some different batteries -LRB- we had just put in the batteries that came with it -RRB- . When we opened it up the batteries were super hot , and the plastic coating of one of them had begun to melt ! Good that he stopped when he did - as if he had kept going it is likely the whole thing would have melted or worse . I 'm guessing that 's not meant to happen ... Surely these things are tested before they ship ? Totally dangerous . I have sent it back for a refund and will be getting the Philips one instead .
 The first bottle I used basically just made me swell . I started to fully fill out my A cup and go into a small B . After that if went back down to my original size and have n't budged since . Do n't waste your money .
 After a few weeks of using the product I noticed some firmness but , that was the only thing I noticed aside from noticing my face clearing up but , my breast size did n't change that much . .
 We were very disappointed with the shakers . They were not like the description at all . we purchesed them to use with the powder for our diet and because they were so small , we had to spend more money and get a blender .
 The gaurd is good for now . Eventually the teeth will chip off being that at times the gaurd rubs on the clipper blade . when the gaurd breaks , I will purchase the metal gaurd that i saw on line .
 This can be useful when there is congestion from inflammation , such as with colds , and for simply cleaning out dust and pollution , but please be aware that Staphylococcus aureus , the most common bacteria to be lodged in the cavity behind the nose , which causes the normal -LRB- and essential -RRB- mucus produced there to be characteristically more yellow and thicker , as it is increasingly loaded with the bacteria , absolutely thrives in a salt environment - and this product is entirely variations of salt - especially as other competing bacteria are eliminated by the salt.A colony of Staphylococcus aureus is present in the post-nasal cavity in a large proportion of the population , just as it is present on the outer skin of almost everyone , and is virtually impossible to remove . The thickened mucus can tend to block the nose , sinuses and eustachian tubes - making the ears feel blocked , and potentially leading to infections in the ear , including the balance organs . And mucus that runs down from the rear of the nose , lubricating and protecting the throat and airway , would also be thickened and build up on the vocal cords.Furthermore , the Staphylococcus aureus normally found can instead be the highly dangerous `` MRSA '' -LRB- which is immune to most antibiotics -RRB- that causes so many deaths to vulnerable people , such as after surgeries . That variation of Staphylococcus aureus equally thrives in salt . If you use this product watch out for these problems.A weak , and mild soap solution can kill Staphylococcus aureus , but might not be acceptable where this product is meant to be used . There is a competing product that contains both salt and baking soda , which may be better .
 I really like Entsol Spray but the expense is beyond the acceptable limit for the product -LRB- 30 bucks for basically salt water ? -RRB-
 Do n't waste your money . This candle does n't smell like lemongrass at all . When I opened the lid it had little yellow dry granules on the surface of the wax . After lighting it I thought maybe it would start to smell . Wrong ! This was probably a product that the seller had sitting on a shelf for years and I was the idiot who trusted the Amazon merchant enough to order it .
 I was expecting the product to have information that was n't provided on the internet but it did n't . The box simply gave instructions on how to use it and no information on exactly what it does and how it does it.I do 45-50 minutes of intense cardio each day , lift minimal weights every other day and walk 4-5 miles 3 times a week yet after application to `` my troubled spot '' I do n't see anything that the exercise is n't doing by itself . I gained a few pounds after an injury and thought it was going to help me regain my flat abs faster.I would n't use it again even if it was offered to me free of charge . Individual results may vary yet there is n't any `` troubled spot '' that consistent work out , low fat/low cab/low salt and low calorie diet ca n't fix . It is the hard way to do it and the best way to retain results . Good luck folks
 Pretty to look at , but not worth much else . Very ` dull ' vibe , not strong at all .
 I ordered this product along with grape seed exract as recommended by Dr. Oz on his show , and I did n't lose any weight . Do n't buy , you better off buying some chromium picolinate at walmart for $ 7 .
 The product still has not arrived ! It has been well over a month and the product is supposedly on back order but the Vitamin shoppe showed item in stock when the order was placed ! Do not order from the Vitamin shoppe
 It has been almost a month and I still have not received my order . No apology , no status update , no e-mail . This is how we do business in 2011 . Pretty sad .
 Vitamin shoppe could n't ship my order within 3 weeks ! I ended up cancelling ... what a waste of time for convenience when i could have just gone to another vitamin store ... do n't buy unless you want to wait a month or more for this .
 I would n't recommend this swivel to anyone for use in a car . It is small , hard and sinks in to the car seat , preventing it from swiveling much . Once on it , I felt great discomfort . -LRB- I was recovering from a broken pelvis . -RRB- A folded towel worked better , and a friend recommended a plastic shopping bag that you get free with purchases . These work better .
 The bottle has clean lines -LRB- perhaps even a little on the plain side -RRB- , the sticks they provide are fine although they seem a little too short for the height of the bottle . My biggest problem with this product is the scent . It smells like cheap , artificial lemons and there is no hint of jasmine , lilac or any other perfume . My husband tells me it smells just like the old Stick Ups they used to smell in the 80s and that prompted me to return this item .
 My father , my sister , my nephew , my daughter , my son , my mother , my grandmother and myself were Very Disappointed.This was a Brithday gift for my 81 year old DAD .
 Taste aweful ! My son is 6 and has taken plenty of Omega3 gummies , but would not take these ! They are aweful .
 I was happy to find these , seems like a good company with quality fish oils , and with all 3 omegas for kids , that 's tough to find . But check out the adult caps . Both the adult and kids caps are about the same price , with a dose being two caps for both . Here 's the rub
 My 7-year-old wo n't swallow these and gagged when he tried to chew them . The only way I can get the supplement into him is to surreptitiously squirt the contents into something else he will eat that will mask the fishiness , lemon flavoring notwithstanding . I 'd appreciate any suggestions from other users .
 It took out the stain but now my car smells like an animal died in it ! Horrific ! I have left the windows down for 2 days and smell has n't gotten any better . Avoid this product at all costs !
 If you are thinking about purchasing this product , DO N'T ! I purchased this product , and used it as directed , when cleaning the seats of my car . This product made my car smell HORRIBLE ... A disgusting combination of vomit and who knows what else . The smell not only lingered , but it intensified as the day went on . You will not only regret purchasing this product , but you will also find yourself spending way too much extra money , searching for a product that will undo the disgusting and nauseating damage that this product caused .
 This product is horrible ... . It does work to remove carpet stains , but so does other products . I threw it in the trash ... . Your entire house will smell like vomit after using this nasty product .
 This stuff may leave the carpet clean , but your clean carpet will smell very bad - and the smell lingers - for at least days , or longer . The odor never left my car carpet -LRB- I kept spraying with lots of febreeze to mask it -RRB- . Who cares if something is clean if the cleaner leaves a very strong and putrid odor that does n't dissipate for days ?
 My husband used this to clean the carpet in my car almost 2 weeks ago and the car smells beyond HORRIBLE ! Definitely like barf and definitely disgusting . Will never use again !
 this product made my entire condo reek of vomit ! the smell intensified as the days went on , it 's now day 5 of the ordeal and i have layered baking soda on to neutralize the order . i have even had comliants from the condo management that the neighbors were complaining of a strong odor . if it 's bad enough people in other apartments can smell it , i think that 's a pretty good indication that this is a horrible product .
 Getting ready for a wedding shower !!!! OMG ... do we have a problem now ! I bought this product to clean a small section of dirty looking carpet by the patio ; now the carpet looks clean but the entire room smells like vomit . I have had a fan blowing on it for two days and it is not going away !! My wife is so upset . This product should be labeled -- cleans your carpet and smells like vomit!CAUTION ; DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Bought this product to clean pet stain on carpet . it got rid of the pee smell and left me with a even worse vomit smell ! its so strong that is all anyone ever notices when they come near the carpet . may need to trow away the rug if no solution is found to remove this horrible smell caused by this product !
 I have never felt the need to review any product on here before , but in this case I think it 's necessary to point out how horrible the smell of this product is . Whether it works or not is completely irrelevant because even if your car or carpet is clean , it will smell -LRB- very strongly -RRB- of vomit . For those of you with weak stomachs or sensitive nostrils please avoid this product . If you enjoy the smell of puke , then this is the item for you .
 Bottom line , this product is HORRIBLE . The smell of the product as it dries is like acrid vomit . And the stench from the spray itself lingers literally for days . I 've cleaned up two food stains over the last week and not only can I still smell the chemicals , but it smells like puke now . They need to label the bottle `` New throw-up scent '' ! I had 3/4 of a bottle left and I tossed it . Next time , I 'm cracking the bottle open and smelling before I buy !!!
 The picture of the packaging featured online for the Medical Kit .3 is different from what I received.I got a resealable plastic type bag that says `` waterproof '' on it . The resealable strip is pretty much that of a Ziploc bag and for the first use you would `` tear here '' . For less than $ 11.00 -LRB- what it cost -RRB- I could have gotten a full box of each item at the dollar store ! I rarely give 1 star reviews but I am not happy with this . SO not worth $ 11.00 . Also , I received it today 12.31.12 and it expires on 12/2013 . I 'm not sure what the average shelf life for first aid kits is , but 1 year for bandages and antibiotic ointment seems too short.The ONLY good side to this is I bought this for an emergency kit I put together and since it is so small and light it wo n't take up much room in by `` go bag '' at all . One always hopes nobody gets injured at all of course , but if anyone has more than a paper cut I doubt it will be much help .
 Its much smaller than expected ... its just a little larger than a wallet . Ill be needing to purchace another more suitable kit instead . Ill keep this on hand in the glove compartment for now , or just use the stuff in one of my other kits as a replacement . I guess i shoulda read the description a little better . It just feels ... `` cheap '' .
 The image presented for the .3 is deceptive . The .3 does not come in a silnylon pouch as depicted in the image . I believe the pouch is a good part of the value of the product as it is bright yellow and is highly visible when in the pack and finding it quickly is of utmost urgency . Since the virtual shopping experience does not allow for hands on inspection of the product the images are critical that they are accurate and depict the product being purchased .
 Does not come with the pouch that is pictured which is the main reason I purchased this item .
 No pouch as pictured and all the medicines included are already expired . Very disappointed ! I do n't know if it 's a first aid kit to save my life or not !
 worth less than they sold for .50 cents , that would have been ok but they were 5.00 to deliver ... save your money
 What a waste of money . While I was not expecting surgical grade , I was expecting it to tweeze -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . Instead the second I apply some force , all of them fold . Either these are as cheap as it gets , or I have developed super strength . I do n't think it is me .
 These products are so light and flimsy that when they arrived each one was already bent and useless . Even if they had not been damaged the quality is so poor i do not beleive they could be used for any purpose . To add further insult thye have some sort of shiny plating that had flakes and cracks . I guarantee your disappointment if you buy this product .
 I guess I should have read the other reviews before buying these tweezers!They arrived in a previously opened package taped with clear tape.They are made from very thin metal that makes them very flimsy and useless.Do not buy them .
 Do n't buy these . A real waste . They are flimsy , deformed before I touched them -- the good news is you can bend them to what shape you want -- the bad news , as soon as you pick up something , they will conform to its shape -- like play dough ! Amazon does n't allow me to rate this product minus 5stars -- too bad .
 I bought this for the normally-closed pair that you have to squeeze to open . Not only did that particular pair not close , but the regular tweezers were not sturdy . You could fashion a comparably strong pair out of cereal-box cardboard - no need for `` mystery metal '' .
 For price it is good , but ca n't do good job , because they are not strong , and they are kind of `` not tight '' which makes them useless in some situations ...
 There is a reason these are cheap it is because they are flimsy as cardboard . You could n't grip anything with these
 These are pure junk ! Extremely flimsy . Very thin metal that will not hold it 's shape . I wanted the reverse tweezers , they are worthless . When you sqeeze to open , they will not close .
 These tweezers are very flimsy and bend easily . All four needed to be bent so that the ends come together . I have not used them yet . I think they will be adequate for my needs , but I was disappointed .
 This product appears to be manufacturer seconds . One of the tweezers has a point half ground off and has no structural strength . The Item was placed in the packaging to hide the defect . Do not buy .
 These might be worth it just because they 're so cheap , but do n't expect much in the way of quality . They 're a little flimsy , definitely not up to the task of pulling out splinters or hairs .
 Junk , garbage , completely unusable ! I expected cheap construction when I bought these and not the best quality but these exceeded my expectations for `` cheap Chinese junk '' . I expected steel at least , these were something like tin or soft aluminum -LRB- not sure of the metal -RRB- . They bent very easily and there is no way these things would ever pick anything up without deforming . I did find one thing that they were good for ... gracing the garbage can !
 The tweezers tips do not join at the end . Does n't matter how you hold them , you ca n't hold any item with them .
 Do not buy these . They are cheaply made . Do not hold their shape . Not worth the money to send them back . If I could give it less than a star I would . I was sucked in by the price and did not look at the reviews . My Bad .
 The tweezers are terrible . I threw them straight in the trash when I got them . There is no spring in the arms to open and close and they are very lightweight . You get what you pay for ...
 There is no seperation or curve to these tweezers . They are two pieces of cheap metal next to eachother -LRB- all 4 of them are -RRB- . They look nothing like the picture.My fingers work better than these .
 I have never written a review before but really felt the need to do so on this product . It was the worst product I have ever received from Amazon . When you think of tweezers , you think squeeze and pick up . These do not even squeeze . You must manipulate the tweezers to even make them work . If anyone has arthritis or carpal tunnel or other finger problems , forget it . You will be unable to make them work . the metal -LRB- and I use that word loosely -RRB- is more like silver covered cardboard . Save your money and buy something else .
 I had to come here and write a review to warn people against these so-called tweezers . I do n't know what they are but they are not tweezers and I do n't want anyone using these on me as medical tools . I do n't know what to do with them now . I will just keep them in my toolbox maybe for scrap metal . Not a joke !
 Do n't buy these , they have no spring in them , and seem to be made of aluminum foil -LRB- they all were bent in some way when I receive them -RRB- .
 None of the pieces met at their tips , had to rebend to make them meet . When you picked something up , they returned to their original shape . The flat `` duck-bill '' piece were n't aligned . The `` squeeze to release '' were beyond using . Not worth the low-price , made of cheap pressed tin . Very disappointed . Threw in the trash .
 Do not buy these if you actually want a product that you can use . They lack the tensile strength to actually hold onto an object and end up bending around it anyway .
 So cheaply made that not only do they cut your hands , they are not useable as a tool or otherwise .
 I received these tweezers in the mail today . I opened up the box to find them strewn all over the inside because the product packaging had fallen apart en route . When I took them out of box to inspect them I found only one of them to actually have enough tensile strength to grasp an item . All of the other three when you put pressure on them to grasp an object you can actually see the ends come apart instead of coming together ... A poor product and I would not recommend buying them .
 It took long to come and they are huge and look used would have return but do n't feel like the hassle
 If your looing for the 4 types of tweezers shown then , dont expect to get what your wanting . items are fine for the price but they do NOT include the paddle tweezers that i was hoping to get and they replace it with a log shoddyly made squeeze tweezer . defintly mass made in some 3rd worlds back yard production facility . and definitly a BOIL before human use look to them . Thankfully i will only be using them for a hobby and not on anything else . They just look cheep and poorly made . avoid them if your looking for quality .
 The product I received was incorrect from the picture and description . For the price it was n't worth my time though . I received a giant tweezer set .
 I suppose I should n't expect perfection on such a cheap set . These are basically unusable for my purposes -LRB- pulling ticks off of the dog , slivers out of skin , etc. -RRB- There is a continuous row of burrs along each tool left over from stamping . The manufacturer tried to electropolish and/or electroplate them away , but they remain and render each tool unusable for what a regular consumer generally wants tweezers for .
 Just say no to this purchase . Not worth the buck , or the five bucks total . Absolute trash right out of the packaging . If you saw these first hand , you 'd never buy them . I thought I 'd grab a steal and buy them , but now I just have to repurchase something better . Total waste .
 Tweezers are made of poor quality material . They are very thin and bend very easily . Any pressure put on them while using makes them bend . Useless !
 Bad Quality Hit List : - poor construction - easily bent - 3 out the 4 tweezer tips do not meet - no precision grip on any piece - no metal grip markings like in the picture - tips bend back even if gripping small rigid objectStay Away , please , do it for the children ...
 RIP OFF ... these tweezers are basically paper thin metal bent in half . None of them tweeze !!!! they are all bent . . I WILL be sending them back . Not worth even $ 1.00 ... very displeased with this product . Do n't waste your time or money . . Weak . Oh and the add says `` re useable pouch '' also BS , no pouch . Not cool
 Save your money and time , do n't buy this set . Each one is just two thin flat sheet metal stick together , tried to bend one into workable shape but it fell apart . Really does n't worth more than 50 cents for the whole set . I am returning the set.Very disappointed . Amazon , do n't sell junk on your site !
 These tools are not even good enough to be toys . They are stamped out of metal just barely thicker and stronger than tin foil . Buyer beware !
 This item is the epitomy of Chinese made cheap junk . Save your money . The seller did refund my money and I give them good marks for that . I could go in to great detail about why they are junk , Trust me when I tell you they are a TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !
 I wishi could rate 0 stars . low quality , not at all as described . no reusable pouch either . These will not pluck any hairs as they do not close tightly .
 Pretty useless , the metal has no spring in it . You can not pick up anything without the tweezers simply bending . The edges are sharp , simply stamped out very thin parts . I got what I paid for it , in fact even worse . I 'll toss these , not worth returning .
 Extremely cheap product . Made in ChinaThese tweezers would be hard to sell for .99 cents . They are THAT cheap . Listen to this review , this product is not worth the shipping if they gave you the product for free . I cant believe they even qualify for the name tweezers.Save your money and put it toward the nice -LRB- read
 Be careful buying this through the mail , it does not seem to ship as well as other items Amazon sells -LRB- solids -RRB- . The top cracked on one jug I ordered and I received a * highly perfumed * cardboard box with goop inside . Perhaps they will come up with other packaging for the product , or an alternative method for packing liquids in boxes .
 This is the old product . Unfortunately they shipped me the new product -LRB- not the one pictured in the ad -RRB- . My opinion is that it is a significantly inferior product to the old one . I would never had bought it and it was returned .
 I received this product from amazon and the ingredients are not what they advertised . calories 370 , fat 7g -LRB- saturated fat 3.5 -RRB- , cholesterol 150mg ! , sodium 330mg ! , carbs 13g . these are all at least double as advertised for their 55g of protein per serving . if they lie that bad at amazon what are you really putting in your body . they simply just lie . I 'm returning this tomorrow with out even a taste . if i want ice cream i 'll eat ice cream .
 Years ago I bought Surbex B-complex at the drug store , and did well with it , then it became only available in Canada . Recently I found it on the Internet sold by AmericaRX . I ordered it through Amazon.I received it two days ago , and yesterday , after a meal , I took a Surbex . The Surbex made me very sick later , and throughout the night.I believe this was definitely caused by the Surbex . Now I am afraid to take another tablet , and there are 100 in the bottle . I became concerned as to whether this vitamin was made out of the country , and upon examining the bottle it was made in Barceloneta , PR for Abbott laboratories . I do not recommend this product , and AmericanRX and Abbott should take another look at this before they sell it to trusting customers . What happened to the real Surbex , the good and safe product ?
 I purchased this product for my wife in the hope that she would find the product as advertised , meaning no change in cigarette flavor while significantly reducing the tar and nicotine she inhaled . That turned out not to be the case , and she only tried the product one time as a result.Pros
 Not a terrible product , but I 'm afraid to recommend them for long term use.-1 star for false advertising . Unless you 're smoking empty rolling papers through these , you are * NOT * gon na wan na reuse one past 2 or 3 cigarettes ; unless you have no tastebuds . I can usually use one filter twice with no problems ; three or more uses gives a disgusting bitterness/tar-y taste . And smell . Plus they can become clogged rather easily , depending on your smoke . ** EDIT ** - Oh , and ' ... eliminates 90 % ... ' ? Yeah ... I do n't believe that for a second . They do filter the smoke , but if I had to guess it seems like you are just getting 60 % of the smoke out of each drag . Unless Nicotine molecules are somehow stickier than the rest of the tar and junk in the smoke , and therefore attach to the yellow piece in these filters more than the other stuff , I call bull ... - oney on that claim . I guess it 's possible , but I 'm skeptical . I 'd be more ready to believe ` half ' or so ... but 90 % ? Come on , now.-1 star for quality . Yeah , they 're cheap . And yeah , they 're just little plastic filters . I should n't -LRB- and do n't think I did -RRB- have particularly high expectations . But ~ 5-10 % of the filters -LRB- out of the 5 + packs I 've bought , same brand -RRB- are missing the yellow piece , making them nothing but a mouth guard of sorts . The yellow insert is what does the filtering . I 'd like to pay for 30 filters , and at least get 28 ; not 19 or 23.-1 star for what may be just me ... or a serious health risk of using these products . I used these every time I smoked , about 5 cigs a day , for a few months . After a while , I noticed that my throat was sore after smoking . Thinking it was a cold or something , I ignored it -LRB- like any real man would -RRB- . Then it got a little worse , but I still ignored it for a while longer -LRB- like any real ignorant man would -RRB- . Then I started getting tightness in my chest , difficulty breathing , and rapid heartbeat . Okay -- now I 'm paying attention . I 've been smoking for a while , but I do n't think I could develop black lung in a matter of weeks . I 'm fairly healthy -LRB- aside from these sort of self-destructive habits -RRB- . So I figured it probably had something to do with these filters , since they were the only thing that had changed about my smoking habit . So I quit using them . Problems went away . A month later , tried them again . Ya know ... for science . Same problems came back , but faster.All I can do is make -LRB- educated ? kinda ? maybe ? -RRB- guesses , but I 'd say this product irritated my lungs somehow -- worse than the actual smoking . I gave them to a friend to try -LRB- some friend I am , huh ? -RRB- ... ya know ... for science ... and she had the same issue after a while . I had not told her about my experience.To be fair , for the two cigarettes I can use a filter for , it will pull out a good amount of tar 'n' junk . So they 're not useless . And even only being able to use each one a couple times , they 're not a bad value since they are cheap . But I 'm now curious if they pose any kind of health hazard . It would n't surprise me -LRB- and frankly , I should 've known better -RRB- because plastics are made with all kinds of nasty things that can really mess up your body . And these cause you to pull hot , abrasive smoke through that plastic and inhale it into your lungs.I quit using these .
 I have been using filters for the last 3 years now . This is the first time I am buying this brand and I threw them away after using 8-10 of them . It 's either not filtering at all -LRB- you do n't see any tar build up in the filter -RRB- or you can smoke nothing . Waste of money .
 The idea was great but they do n't fit ! Maybe one out of ten fit the cigarette ! The rest were just WAY TOO BIG ! They just fell right off !
 I purchased this from Amazon for my mother in law . It came in the Depends box and was left outside her apartment door for all to see . She was very embarrassed .
 it is small -LRB- and or medium -RRB- . It does n't fit my ass . Its too small .
 I have used this on a cruise trip and only drove 1 hour away to cruise port and it was n't that good . Did not do the job as told . I bought it for a long distance trip to Europe and now will have to look farther for a better system to keep my insulin cool .
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it .
 This may be great for insulin storage , but I needed to store a probiotic capsule overnight so that I can swallow it and then go back to bed for an hour . For some reason , this damp storage just does n't work - even when the capsule is in a plastic container .
 These paper towels are very very thin . They rip easily when using them to clean or when you try to pull them off the roll . The also do n't have very many sheets per roll . I would recommend searching for another environmentally friendly brand .
 I would have loved to praise a product that is manufactured tohelp the environment , but there is no substance to these paper towels . They melt away as soon as water hits them , so they are impractical to use .
 Whether or not these paper towels are made from recycled products or not , they are the worst pt I 've ever used . I was only using them for drying hands at the sink and they were n't even sturdy enough for that . They practically disolve in your hands . Sorry guys but you have to put a little more paper in your paper towels .
 These are thin and there are only a few sheets per roll . I highly recommend doing a search for recycled tissues on Amazon . I got a great price on Marcal recycled paper towels and they are great ! Your best bet is to buy in bulk .
 Oh no . These condoms did not fulfill my fantasies at all ! I would advise everyone not to buy these . The glowing was not helpful to my sexual drive or my boyfriend 's since it only lasted a minute ! My boyfriend also thought they were tacky , and said he would like me to get flavored ones next time . Oh well , I TRIED !
 The light from the glowi-ness did n't help ... MY boyfriend still missed the target . He stabbed me in the leg instead .
 I waited to write this review to see if this works over the `` long haul '' . Well , this is not my usual review . I read so many positive reviews on this one and had hopes it might me `` the one '' . I was disappointed . I expected more . It has drying ingredients in it and alcohol . Yoo - hoo , does n't encourage dependency ?! I find that claim disturbing and untrue . If you have to keep putting something on over and over and it does not improve the condition or makes it worse , then it is causing dependency in my book . Also , this cost almost 20.00 and is the tinniest amount and did not appear to be filled as full it should have been . It bothers me to pay that much for lip therapy when it is just mediocre at best . I have used it almost completely up in 10 days . My lips are in the same or worse condition . Do n't waste your money , unless of course this product works for you . Actually , It kind of stings when I first put it on as I have one deeper crack in my lip that it has not healed . That surprised me as most things I have used do not sting when you first put it on . After it was on for a minute it felt good . Plain old vaseline works much better than this , it just may not feel as good.The shipping was prompt so have no complaints there . Two stars for efficient seller and it feels good while it lasts.A surgeon and researcher friend of mine told me once that most of these do not work because they have drying ingredients and / or alcohol which feels good when you first put it on but keeps on drying your lips so you keep on buying the stuff . Remember , just because it is `` natural '' does n't mean it does not dry . Example tea tree oil . Feels great going on but very drying . She suggested 2 % -LRB- RX strength -RRB- hydrocortizone for healing . 1 % just does n't quite do it for me . Need to get some 2 % again to use under the lip treatment products.I live in New Mexico where it is dry climate most of the time . Actually , there is about 8 inches of snow on the ground now but still dry inside with heat . I have had a heck of a time finding something to help my dry , cracking lips . I have probably tried everything in the drug store and many others as well . I am looking now for something without all the drying things in it . I have ordered one on Amazon with pure lanolin to try next . I have at times noticed that eye cream works better than lip products on my lips . Makes sense as most eye creams are gentle , no alcohol , and very emollient . It does n't give that ` feel good ' thing but it does help chapped lips . I wonder , is it possible to have both ? The ingredients that cause the ` feel good ' feeling may indeed be what continues to dry our lips . I want both , the ` feel good '' feeling and the healing properties . I will continue my quest , and leave reviews , until I find one medication for chapped lips that is the most perfect . Tune in !
 I read about this product in people mag . Jennifer Aniston said she uses it and it keeps her lips nice and soft . She also said it has a nice smell . I have not been using very long but so far no changes and I do not care for the smell at all .
 I too could not use this lip balm because it actually gave me chapped lips.I kept applying it thinking eventually it would work.Then , one night I put Vaseline on my lips and by morning they were nearly healed.I now put Vaseline on my lips each evening and they are healed and moist .
 Received product that was suppose to be new but did not appear new . Sent the product back after calling and emailing to Best Priced Products . They offered to refund my money which was $ 724 . After the first week I called in and left a message and also left a message on their email . It has now been almost 2 weeks and I still have not received a refund for the product . The company has not returned my calls or emails .
 hmmmmmmmmm ... . not the best tasting bar ive eaten . Taste like sugar rubber . You need alot of water to chug down afterwords .
 This item is great . Its a nice little assortment of products that my girlfriend and I really got a kick out of . Each item is good for a couple of uses if you are a little sparing with each application so it lasts for several sessions and is a great way for you to try different products produced by Kama Sutra so you can make decisions for later purchases . Kama Sutra is a good company with a variety of different lubes , gels and things you can eat off of each other in an assortment of flavors . I highly recommend it check out their website -LSB- ... -RSB- you wont regret it ; -RRB-
 I bought the SleepRight night guard after losing my dentist-made guard . At first , I was really happy with it . I slept a lot better and did not wake up with a pounding headache . However , I started to notice that my gum line was receding . My gums bleed more when brushing and were generally more sensitive . I stopped using it . Then , I asked my dentist how much another professionally made guard would be - $ 480 !!! I ca n't afford that right now and need to find another over-the-counter guard - wo n't be using SleepRight as I want to keep my gum line !
 I 've used several types of dental guards , including custom-fit by my dentist , and was hopeful that this would be a relatively inexpensive alternative . The first night I followed the directions and all seemed well . . until 5 a.m. , when I woke up in excruciating pain . The guard was wedged under my gumline , pressing on a nerve . I adjusted it and went back to sleep ... but had the same dreadful experience 2 hours later . I 've never had this problem with another dental guard . I wo n't be using it again , and I could n't recommend it to anyone else .
 I tried an off the shelf mouthpiece . Then I tried a $ 400 custom made mouthpiece from the dentist -LRB- he claimed since it was hard I would n't chew and grind so much -RRB- but ANYTHING in my mouth made me chew harder . Now I 'm using a biofeedback device that is a headband -- it 's not in my mouth . It has n't `` cured '' me -- if I quit wearing it for a few nights I start grinding again , but I feel much better in the morning when I wear it -- my jaw does n't hurt .
 Clearly this night guard works for some people , but after wearing it for a week , my jaw/bite seems totally thrown off.Yesterday I could n't open my mouth more than an inch without experiencing severe pain and today my jaw still feels out of wack and is clicking and locking.I returned it to the drug store where I bought it and they gave me back my money , but this jaw thing is so incredibly annoying and depressing , if it does n't clear up , I 'm going to go nuts.My advice
 Sleep Right ??? I could n't sleep at all with this device in my mouth . It does n't stay in place . It was horrible . I went back to my old stand-by sports mouth guard .
 I was not at all satisfied with the nightguard , but the company accepted the return without question and refunded my money promptly .
 My first night guard was the really expensive one from the dentist . It mysteriously disappeared one morning and I tried a boil and form type of guard , which worked well . I later discovered the Doctor 's NightguardThe Doctor 's NightGuard Dental Protector for Night Time Teeth Grinding , Medium , 1 eachand perfected how to make it perfect for myself . They 've since redesigned and I do n't like the new design as much -LRB- ends up a bit bulkier feeling and less customizable -RRB- , but I definately prefer it to Splintek 's . Doctors Nightguard Mouth Piece , Small - 1 EaI just got this Splintek night guard and it is completely flimsy . I can barely keep it in while conscious , so I know I 'll loose it and either wake up with the awful headache or a broken tooth -LRB- a hazard of tooth grinding -RRB- . The thin part in the front has no rigidity of its own -LRB- as it appears to in the photo -RRB- and just flops around . There is nothing to prevent this from slipping to the outsides of my teeth , out of place , or just out of my mouth.It 's possible this might be good for someone who needs to prevent clenching when awake , but , like I said , it does n't just stay in place -- it takes some actual effort to keep it there.This would not even strike me as a good deal for $ 5 , because it does n't do what it 's supposed to.A better choice , in my opinion , is the Doctor 's Nightguard , which sells for around $ 25 all over the internet . I 've bought it at Walgreen 's for $ 24.99 . It comes in 3 different sizes . It may take a bit of practice to get it right -LRB- at least it did for me -RRB- , but the company will mail you a new one if you mess yours up . I 've seen some bad reviews for it -- someone was appalled at the idea of sticking a boiling hot piece of rubber/plastic in their mouth and said they could n't make much of an impression , but I follow the boiling instructions exactly and , surprisingly enough , that one second in cold water makes it cooler than a Latte or a cup of tea -LRB- which I ca n't handle hot -RRB- . I 've never had mine fall out and I would highly reccommend the Doctor 's Nightguard.But NOT the Splintek !
 The sleep guard did not keep my mouth open enough at night . My jaws still clenched tight .
 I am actually writing this review after coming back to Amazon to buy a 2nd Sleepright mouth guard . As I was getting ready to purchase , I noticed the very low star rating and thought `` What the heck , this thing rocks ? '' . So I went to read some of the 1 star reviews and a light went of in my head and reality came crashing down.Pros : This was the most comfortable mouth-guard I have ever usedThis is the easiest to keep cleanIt works flawlessly -LRB- for me -RRB- to stop me from grinding my teeth.Cons : I was using some of that clear tape for closing a package . I went to start the tear by biting the end . I noticed I could n't do it . I went to the mirror and saw that my teeth can no longer touch on the front . They shifted.I also noticed that I now have a much bigger gap between my two front teeth . I have always had a slight gap and did n't really pay attention , but after taking a closer look , it is definitely wider.I had 2 front side gum-line fillings pop out in my sleep - had to be due to the pressure from grinding with no support for the upper part of my teeth.Bottom line : This is a five star product for stopping teeth grinding , but the shifting and damage it causes make it a definite NO NO . I am getting one of those uncomfortable hockey pucks they call a boil and bite . I hate them , but they do the job without messing up the alignment of your teeth !
 This product is wayyyyyyyyyyy over-priced ! It is made of cheap material with cheap design ! It 's so flexible it moves around in your mouth . No sense of security at all . To go to bed with this thing , is a time bomb!Why make this ridiculous `` adjustment '' circle , as appose to offer several sizes ? even when it is pushed forward to fit a smaller mouth , the `` walls '' remain as they are , and you still get the gagging sensation!Above all , I say it again , CHEAP material , and COMPLETELY flexible . See that photo ? when holding one side of the mouth guard , the other falls down in direct line with it . ZERO support . ZERO sturdiness.waste of time and money . DONT buy it !
 The warning on the box scared me . Itwarns of possible gagging . The guardstays in place with a strap in frontof your lower teeth . I found thatthe part between my teeth would notstay in place because I would chewit . I also tried the guard that youboil and mold . I like it better , butit felt like I had a hockey puck inmy mouth because I had to keep my jawopen . I finally paid the dentist $ 300to make a guard , and it is worth it.I do n't notice it , and I get great sleep .
 The Sleepright night guard is the worst possible solution you could use for teeth grinding/aka Bruxism . According too many Dental professionals it is a short term solution to a long term problem with serious side affects at best . I have been chewing through my SleepRight so many times it is ridiculous . The company is aware of the problem as well as the serious side affects that can occur to the bite and yet does zero about it . It seems their only concern is the all mighty dollar . Their customer service leaves much to be desired for as well . Getting someone to return your phone call after many complaints is a challenge , and usually they blame their after hours call center on not forwarding messages . My Orthodontist said that I should immediately stop using this product after I brought it into him for an evaluation , and that `` Splints '' like the one I brought him often cause more harm then good . I would never recommend this product to anyone who suffers from teeth grinding . All this product is designed to do is empty your wallet and successfully fail at helping to alleviate your condition .
 I purchased this product Sleepright Adjustable Night Guard Select SKU # 368526 and it broke the third night I used it while I was sleeping . I am by no means a heavy grinder and a previous 20 dollar device lasted me 8 months . A small part the size of your penny on the side for the moving back teeth section broke off . I could have easily swallowed it while sleeping and gagged to death . There is a huge liablity associated with this product and the quality . I would ask you think twice and perhaps try another product as the last thing you want is this to snap and cause you to choke.The customer service was terrible . I wrote a complaint to the company . I had thrown away the initial receipt and box as I never expected this to break . Luckily I purchased it on my credit card so the evidence is available . They wanted me to pay out of pocket to ship the broken guard back to them . After four emails , it was as if they never read my emails and sent me the same response each time . I told them to keep the money and that I would just do my best to let others know of my negative experience and bite the bullet on the costs of the guard.Please heed my warning with this companies products and customer service .
 I 've been using mouth guards since 1989 , some made by my dentist , and some over-the-counter for clenching my teeth at night . I like the looks of this product because the band in front of the teeth is narrow and it 's a much smaller profile than some of the boil to fit models . However - I now have a huge problem . After 7 or 8 months of wearing this every night , my bottom teeth have shifted and I now have an overbite with my teeth no longer in alignment . It 's severe enough that it 's causing a problem with chewing . I definitely do * not * recommend this product .
 This item intially fit very well but within 5 weeks I bit a hole in the right side and it came apart and I only wear it 4-6 hours a night . This product is very poor because it is expensive if you have to replace them every 6 weeks or so . I like the design and it does n't cut up my mouth but I ca n't be replacing it every other month .
 This night guard added pain to my jaw where the front hangs down and hits the gums , as well as the top portion hitting the gums . I cut off the top portion , which helped a bit , but find i end up chewing on the piece . It actually made me clench my jaw even more .
 I did n't have a problem sleeping with the nite guard or having it fit right . What I had a severe problem with is when I woke up I had pocket blisters all inside my cheek on each side from the nite guard and my teeth hurt . I took it back to the store and they refunded my money .
 The only two things good about these mints are that they are sweetened with xylitol and they have a nice texture . I absolutely love Xylichew peppermint mints and gave them 5 stars . I was hoping these would be just as good , but they are not . They do not taste anything like chocolate . I ca n't even describe the taste because it is so fake and nothing even close to chocolate . They have an awful aftertaste . I am not sure if these are old or what , but I will stick with the peppermint xylixchew mints . If you want to try these , buy a smaller pack first and not a multi-pack .
 The search for a decent , paraben-free deodorant continues . . I was hopeful about this one but it smells just awful to me - the only thing I can liken it to is artificial room freshener . I 'm afraid that I just threw the thing away , rather than returning it , because it seems more trouble than it 's worth .
 This blade does not come with the foil as genuine Braun blades come with . The blade was not very sharp when used for the first time . Order from a place that has the foil included so you know it 's not a flea-market knockoff .
 blade hard to snap in place , not as sharp as the original blade also if you turn blade to rinse it it pops out . the price is good , but i think you should replace the foil & the blade but that costs $ 25 to $ 35 . HH
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff ... this is n't necessarily going to be it .
 Product is definitely misrepresented as a `` cooling wallet '' because it does NOT keep insulin cold . I trusted Frio 's misleading promotional baloney and ruined four full insulin pens on a recent road trip . All four pens were ice cold from the refrigerator when I put them in the wallet -- which was prepared exactly as instructed -- and all four pens were warm by the time I got to my first destination -LRB- five hours in the car -RRB- . I had to drive an extra 35 miles to find a Walmart to refill my prescription , buy an Igloo cooler and load it up with ice from the motel . If you read the fine print on Frio 's website you 'll see that they actually promise only to keep the temperature of your insulin between 77 to 79 degrees , which makes it useful ONLY for an insulin pen already in use that can be stored at room temperature ... not for unopened pens that require refrigeration ! Shame on them for using phrases like `` refrigeration not needed , '' `` keeps insulin safe without the need for refrigeration '' and `` lasts four times longer than an ice pack . '' Save your money .
 Frio Cooling WalletItem -LRB- s -RRB- Qty Price Total1 $ -LSB- ... -RSB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- FRIO LARGE Insulin Cooling Carrying Case / Wallet - Evaporative Cooler - keeps insulin cool up to 45 hours withoutever needing ice packs or refrigeration!I received item , attempted to get it to work.I followed instructions about soaking time , spreading outcrystals , etc.Before I potentially ruined a bottle of insulin I wanted toverify bag works . I did not at any time place a bottle of insulininto bag.The only thing I placed in bag was a thermometer.I placed a thermometer inside bag . -LRB- bag temperature -RRB- I placed another thermometer outside bag . -LRB- room temperature -RRB- Start time . 00:00 hh : mmRoom temp = 80FBag temp = 78FTime = 00:15 Room temp = 80FBag temp = 78FTime = 00:45 Room temp = 80FBag temp = 78FTime = 01:30 Room temp = 78FBag temp = 76FI did this for over 48 hours.The data showed that Bag temperature was around 2 to 3 degreescooler than Room temperature . So if Room Temperature never droppedbelow 85F , then Bag Temperature would never drop below 82F . If you are trying to `` cool down '' a bottle of insulin , this bagwill not do that.My understanding at the time I bought the product was that it `` cooled down '' . I could not get it to do that.Much , much later , weeks later , I was able to extract thisinfo from :[ ... -RSB- Even in Hot Climates ! Insulin must be at the manufacturer ` srecommended temperature when placed in the FRIO wallet.I did not know that , prior to purchasing bag.If I had known that , I would NOT have purchased bag.I was led to believe from all the information I could find atthe time of purchase was that this bag `` cooled down '' a bottle ofinsulin . `` Cooled down '' is my phrase , not Frio 's phrase.Does Frio keep an already `` cooled down '' bottle of insulincool for 48 hours?I do n't know , I did not test that.Does Frio `` cool down '' a bottle of insulin?I do n't know , I never put a warm bottle of insulin in bag.Does Frio `` cool down '' a thermometer to something like 64Fwhen the Room temperature is 80F ? Definitely not ! I can state this without reservation that thebag I bought does not `` cool down '' a thermometer to anythingapproaching near 64F if the Room temperature is 80F . That was my need at the time.I needed something to `` cool down '' a bottle of insulin . I wasnot going to be near refrigeration . I was not going to be nearanything that would act like refrigeration -LRB- ice , snow , etc -RRB- .
 I purchased this product 12-11 to keep my Insulin Pen cold prior to use . I need to keep pens below 46 F so not to start expiration dateof use within 28 days . The literature stated this cooler kept insulin cool for 45 hours . Truth is I followed activation instructions to letter and cooler does no get close to 46F . If you are looking to keep your insulin cooler than 46F so pen could be used later and not begin 28 day expiration do not buy this cooler . It is falsley advertised in Frio Literature . Truly Unsatisfactory Product and Amazon will not give full refund only partial and that is not defined.DO NOT BUY
 I recently purchased the large Frio in anticipation of a 12 hour automobile trip , thinking it would be very convenient . I followed the instructions for activating the crystals to the letter , placed the insulin in the Frio & put it in an open tote so that it would get air and placed it in the air-conditioned car . At some point during the trip we decided to check the insulin - not cool at all ! Fortunately , we had a small cooler with us and put the insulin in there . That was 10 days ago , and the gel still has not completely returned to crystal form . Briefly , the Frio is useless - do n't waste your money as I did .
 I purchased this insulin cooler for my husband who has Type 1 Diabetes . We were very excited as his insulin often becomes overheated when we travel and is no longer good . When we got the cooler we found it did n't seem to keep the insulin very cool , but gave it a shot anyway . It did not keep his insulin cool even within the first few hours of being in it and in moderate outdoor temperatures . His insulin went bad ... we contacted the company and were told we must be making a mistake and their product works if you follow the instructions . They were condescending ; we were following instructions and using it as directed . We contacted them again and they refused to give us a refund , stating we must be making a mistake ... terrible customer service and terrible product .
 Since we just received and started to use the Thermoskin Arthritic Gloves a few days ago , I can not evaluate their efficacity . However , I am disappointed by the workmanship . After just one day of using the gloves , the stitching started to unravel on several fingers . I doubt that they will last very long with that problem . We will use them until they fall apart and hopefully that will be long enough for us to evaluate their efficacity . On the positive side , they fit well and are comfortable .
 I have n't used the product yet because it did not state on the product description that it is intended for children over 4 . The description says for teething discomfort ... which is misleading !! I do n't know how to formulate this product to use on my 5 month old . = -LRB-
 Be aware ... they will ship you six gallons of this stuff.The review is asking me about `` how much fun is this toy '' and what not like ammonia hydroxide is a toy . Oh well ... I have enough ammonia to last 4 lifetimes now : -RRB-
 I ordered `` Doctor 's Best Digestive Enzymes '' supplement so that I might have better digestion , less gas , and less constipation . None of these symptoms have improved so I will not order more of this product . I will contact my doctor to see if she can recommend something for remedy .
 I have used a variety of digestive enzymes from different manufacturers including the professional lines like Douglas and retail brands sold at WholeFoods . These were the least effective of all that I have tried . To compensate I increased the number of tablets at meals which made me go through them pretty quickly .
 Regardless of what is on the label , who knows how these are processed & handled ??? Integra 's Digezyme is FAR better & works ... I 'm not sure these are doing a whole lot for me , but then I need a high-powered enzyme mix/balance that works for me & this just does n't do it for me , but everyone is different , so these might be fine for someone else !
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff ... this is n't necessarily going to be it .
 Product is definitely misrepresented as a `` cooling wallet '' because it does NOT keep insulin cold . I trusted Frio 's misleading promotional baloney and ruined four full insulin pens on a recent road trip . All four pens were ice cold from the refrigerator when I put them in the wallet -- which was prepared exactly as instructed -- and all four pens were warm by the time I got to my first destination -LRB- five hours in the car -RRB- . I had to drive an extra 35 miles to find a Walmart to refill my prescription , buy an Igloo cooler and load it up with ice from the motel . If you read the fine print on Frio 's website you 'll see that they actually promise only to keep the temperature of your insulin between 77 to 79 degrees , which makes it useful ONLY for an insulin pen already in use that can be stored at room temperature ... not for unopened pens that require refrigeration ! Shame on them for using phrases like `` refrigeration not needed , '' `` keeps insulin safe without the need for refrigeration '' and `` lasts four times longer than an ice pack . '' Save your money .
 Frio Cooling WalletItem -LRB- s -RRB- Qty Price Total1 $ -LSB- ... -RSB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- FRIO LARGE Insulin Cooling Carrying Case / Wallet - Evaporative Cooler - keeps insulin cool up to 45 hours withoutever needing ice packs or refrigeration!I received item , attempted to get it to work.I followed instructions about soaking time , spreading outcrystals , etc.Before I potentially ruined a bottle of insulin I wanted toverify bag works . I did not at any time place a bottle of insulininto bag.The only thing I placed in bag was a thermometer.I placed a thermometer inside bag . -LRB- bag temperature -RRB- I placed another thermometer outside bag . -LRB- room temperature -RRB- Start time . 00:00 hh : mmRoom temp = 80FBag temp = 78FTime = 00:15 Room temp = 80FBag temp = 78FTime = 00:45 Room temp = 80FBag temp = 78FTime = 01:30 Room temp = 78FBag temp = 76FI did this for over 48 hours.The data showed that Bag temperature was around 2 to 3 degreescooler than Room temperature . So if Room Temperature never droppedbelow 85F , then Bag Temperature would never drop below 82F . If you are trying to `` cool down '' a bottle of insulin , this bagwill not do that.My understanding at the time I bought the product was that it `` cooled down '' . I could not get it to do that.Much , much later , weeks later , I was able to extract thisinfo from :[ ... -RSB- Even in Hot Climates ! Insulin must be at the manufacturer ` srecommended temperature when placed in the FRIO wallet.I did not know that , prior to purchasing bag.If I had known that , I would NOT have purchased bag.I was led to believe from all the information I could find atthe time of purchase was that this bag `` cooled down '' a bottle ofinsulin . `` Cooled down '' is my phrase , not Frio 's phrase.Does Frio keep an already `` cooled down '' bottle of insulincool for 48 hours?I do n't know , I did not test that.Does Frio `` cool down '' a bottle of insulin?I do n't know , I never put a warm bottle of insulin in bag.Does Frio `` cool down '' a thermometer to something like 64Fwhen the Room temperature is 80F ? Definitely not ! I can state this without reservation that thebag I bought does not `` cool down '' a thermometer to anythingapproaching near 64F if the Room temperature is 80F . That was my need at the time.I needed something to `` cool down '' a bottle of insulin . I wasnot going to be near refrigeration . I was not going to be nearanything that would act like refrigeration -LRB- ice , snow , etc -RRB- .
 I purchased this product 12-11 to keep my Insulin Pen cold prior to use . I need to keep pens below 46 F so not to start expiration dateof use within 28 days . The literature stated this cooler kept insulin cool for 45 hours . Truth is I followed activation instructions to letter and cooler does no get close to 46F . If you are looking to keep your insulin cooler than 46F so pen could be used later and not begin 28 day expiration do not buy this cooler . It is falsley advertised in Frio Literature . Truly Unsatisfactory Product and Amazon will not give full refund only partial and that is not defined.DO NOT BUY
 I recently purchased the large Frio in anticipation of a 12 hour automobile trip , thinking it would be very convenient . I followed the instructions for activating the crystals to the letter , placed the insulin in the Frio & put it in an open tote so that it would get air and placed it in the air-conditioned car . At some point during the trip we decided to check the insulin - not cool at all ! Fortunately , we had a small cooler with us and put the insulin in there . That was 10 days ago , and the gel still has not completely returned to crystal form . Briefly , the Frio is useless - do n't waste your money as I did .
 I purchased this insulin cooler for my husband who has Type 1 Diabetes . We were very excited as his insulin often becomes overheated when we travel and is no longer good . When we got the cooler we found it did n't seem to keep the insulin very cool , but gave it a shot anyway . It did not keep his insulin cool even within the first few hours of being in it and in moderate outdoor temperatures . His insulin went bad ... we contacted the company and were told we must be making a mistake and their product works if you follow the instructions . They were condescending ; we were following instructions and using it as directed . We contacted them again and they refused to give us a refund , stating we must be making a mistake ... terrible customer service and terrible product .
 The wallet DOES keep just slightly cooler than air temperature . So , it 's 85 degrees out and it 's like 83 in the wallet . I followed the instructions about how long to keep the sleeve under water and I used cold water too . Another thing -- you ca n't place this inside a sealed bag -- it needs air to breathe to keep so called &#34; cool &#34; . I have a waterproof case that I wanted to place it in but could not because of the instructions .
 The pouch did n't keep the insulin cool . Not even overnight !! I read & followed all theFRIO Insulin Cooling Pump Wallet - Purple - 1130PUMP1130PUMPBKdirections ... And all I had was a very expensive vial of Meds to go bad . The pouch is cute ... But that 's all !
 I just ca n't bear to drink it , the taste is atrocious . If you can take the taste , I recommend it only for the nutrient content .
 The wallet DOES keep just slightly cooler than air temperature . So , it 's 85 degrees out and it 's like 83 in the wallet . I followed the instructions about how long to keep the sleeve under water and I used cold water too . Another thing -- you ca n't place this inside a sealed bag -- it needs air to breathe to keep so called &#34; cool &#34; . I have a waterproof case that I wanted to place it in but could not because of the instructions .
 The pouch did n't keep the insulin cool . Not even overnight !! I read & followed all theFRIO Insulin Cooling Pump Wallet - Purple - 1130PUMP1130PUMPBKdirections ... And all I had was a very expensive vial of Meds to go bad . The pouch is cute ... But that 's all !
 the vitamins are great when they are not expired . we thought we got a great deal on the vitamins only to find them expired 4 months ago .
 The first day I wore this brace , the fabric started splitting around the patella opening . . and the hinged metal braces on either side warped or bent and the hinges stopped operating smoothly .
 I bought about 7 cases of this stuff for my mother , who had cervical cancer . She stayed on it for 120 days . she died 6 months later , so I am not sure if it really worked for her . I still have about 12 bottles left .
 The first time I used the Frio cooling wallet my insulin was cool but not as cool as advertising for the product claimed . The second time I used the wallet , it not only did not keep my insulin cool but the wallet oozed slime when I soaked the wallet as instructed . What felt like crystals inside the wallet seemed to be disintegrating when wet . Doubt that I would ever purchase another produce from Frio . Wrote to the manufacturer and heard nothing back from them .
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it.I 'm very surprised at the information below as I researched the company an they 're from the UK and have n't been in business for 7 or 8 years from what I could tell.I also looked on the FDA website under the approved devices section and could not find their approval there despite claims that they were approved by the FDA for diabetic devices . Perhaps it 's a recent approval and it 's not there yet or perhaps I missed the information though .
 I purchased this because I wanted to switch to all-organic make-up and hygiene products . This one is no longer able to be certified `` organic '' because the producers are now in China.Additionally , it does n't go on very well and it runs VERY easily . -LRB- I mean , if your eyes barely water even from sneezing , you 're going to lose your liner . -RRB- Even when your eyes are not watering , by the end of the day you 're left with raccoon eyes.And even though it 's supposedly organic , the product stings my eyes very badly.I switched to Gabriel and I really like it .
 I too just purchased this item and unfortunately did not read the reviews prior . The pencil is marked made in China . The only other writing on the pencil is HONEYBEE GARDENS Belgian Chocolate . It came wrapped in plastic wrap with no other insert or information .
 I bought this eyeliner directly from the maker , Honeybee Gardens , and I was surprised to see that they are made in China and no ingredients are listed on the pencils themselves . Can I trust that they are made with pure ingredients ? Unfortunately , I do n't think so .
 The eyeliner looks good but after awhile it starts irritating my eyes . They start feeling itchy esp . around the lashes and i feel that I have to scratch them all the time , which makes them look all smudged . I ca n't understand why because it is supposed to be ecofriendly and non-irritating , but i guess there 's something in it that is causing an irritation , organic or not .
 After reading about all the toxic ingredients in over the counter cosmetics , I chose to buy this product sight unseen . One of the disadvantages of making purchases on the Internet is that you ca n't actually look at something prior to buying it , and if you do n't like it , you 're stuck with double shipping charges . I had been using Winks and Wet 'N Wild eye pencils prior to that . One of the things I liked about Wet 'N Wild or Winks was that I could apply the eye pencil , smudge it with a Q-tip and have the perfect look and amount left that would wear well throughout the day . And the pencils were twice the size of Honeybee Gardens for one-fifth of the price , excluding shipping fees . Honeybee Gardens eye pencils DO NOT smudge well or last throughout the morning let alone the day . And less toxic does n't necessarily mean less irritating ! For some reason the Honeybee Gardens eye pencils irritate my eyes , making them itch and water . Last , but not least , if you go to the cosmetics safety website
 I love the fit and they do help , but I bought these and every one in the first box started to fall apart . The thread where it is sewn together is unraveling . I opened the second box but did n't check them out yet . Would have been nice if the buyer would have contacted me after I wrote to them . Great that Amazon is trying to work with me .
 These are possibly the cheapest and most poorly made product I have ever had the misfortune to buy . I have tendinitis/arthritis in my pinky finger , and the compression gloves are nice , but I wanted something just for the finger . I bought these expecting a little better quality . They immediately `` ran '' when first pulling them on . After about 4 wearings , the sewing along the seam started coming undone . I have worn the one about 6 times and it has run , much like stockings , barely has any elasticity left to it and is coming apart and leaving fuzzy lint everywhere . They are n't that expensive , but considering I have a multi-pack with only a few small enough for my pinky , it is rather disappointing.I would not recommend these . Not worth the time or money invested .
 I was initially pleased with the product until I tried to use it ... the sewn seam began to unravel within 1 hour of use . The second sleeve is beginning to do the same thing ... I do not feel they are worth the money paid for the product .
 I purchased these sleeves to help protect my Finger I had broken and torn tendons in . Unfortunately they are only good for one use and very limited use at that . They stretch out very easily and before you know it the fabric has separated and they now not only are n't adding support but look horrible too . I recommend to continue shopping .
 These finger sleeves are terrible . They do not hold up well at all . I got them for an arthritic finger and wore it to work one day -LRB- Letter Carrier -RRB- . The fabric lost its elasticity after about 3 hrs work and the stitching came loose on both ends .
 The `` assorted '' sizes included 2 skinny sleeves which would n't fit on my pinky and I have very thin fingers . 2 sleeves which I managed to get on to my swollen index finger ; and 8 !!!! large sleeves which are useless to me . The 2 sleeves which I managed to use are stretched out after only 3 uses .
 I liked this product before the improvements . Now the `` sticky '' is so sticky , it leaves a residue on my glassware and dinnerware . When I complained to Glad , their response was that I should use cooking oil on the residue then wash with soap and water . If this is a convenience item , why do I have to do so much labor ? I 'm also concerned about the adhesive contaminating food or drink it comes in contact with . I recommend being `` greener '' and using reusable plastic ware .
 I wrote a bad review for Threelac originally . At the time I took it for only 3 weeks , however I did end up taking the whole box , as well as the Oxygen Elements recommended with it . Still I have no good results . I still suffer daily with Candida , and after more research I havent found any product that has such good reviews as Threelac , so I 'm going to try it a second time . This time I guess I 'll have to up the dosage . I 'll review again and let you know if it works or not .
 I snore because of the overweight . Used the product for almost a month . In my case it just did n't worked well . I stoped snoring from time to time but I ca n't be sure it was because of it . Besides , I lost my Nozovent like 3 times a week while sleeping and after that its really hard to find.I do n't recommend it .
 The product is really good for me - helps prevent snoring and makes it much easier to breathe when I 'm in bed . However , beware the seller ! The picture above clearly shows two Nozovents in one package , but you only get one . So you do NOT get what the seller has pictured here . -LRB- I wrote the seller asking them to send the second one but they refused , offering my money back if I went to the trouble of sending the box back -- but then I would have been out the shipping so it was n't worth it . -RRB- Note that the seller says `` 1 Box -LRB- s -RRB- '' as part of the description -- but the picture shows two Nozovents in one package . Maybe the seller thinks that this makes up for showing a misleading picture of two Nozovents for sale , but I very much disagree -- it 's just misleading to picture two items when you 're only selling one.So , I strongly recommend Nozovent and would definitely buy this product again , but I 'd never buy another product from this seller .
 Only two problems -- was n't comfortable , and did n't work.At least it was n't expensive ...
 Wow , the taste of this supplement is nasty . It 's really too bad because it seems to work really well . It says it tastes like `` tangerine '' -LRB- which I did n't really believe ; all vitamin liquids have at least a not-so-great taste -RRB- , but it tastes like vomit scented with tangerine . I hate to say it that way , but it does . I took it with my nose held and chased it with pure honey and it still had some nasty flavor left over in my throat . And the taste lingered for awhile . Really disappointing because it 's a good vitamin but has proven impossible for me to take . I 'll finish the bottle , but I dread taking it every day .
 Based on all the rave reviews read on the product , I thought this would be the one I would go with for my toddler son to use as a natural mosquito repellent . While there is a faint orange scent and taste , it is completely overtaken by the icky vitiman smell and taste . I guess there just is no way around that with a B vitamin . They sure tried . I tried too . Tried sneaking it into my son 's juice , but he quickly caught on . So , ask me where the bottle is now . Collecting dust on the shelf .
 I do n't see what all the hype is about with this . It smells nice , it leaves a light tint , and is semi-moisturizing , but I can honestly get the same results with the Abba chapsticks I get from the grocery store . I feel like this leaves a weird film on my lips and they get that weird white stuff built up on them . Gross , yes , but this is the only chapstick this happens with . Not a fan .
 These towels are thin and rough , and they do not tear easily . Each roll is small , which means we were always running out . They are also not individually packaged -LRB- liable to get dusty while in storage -RRB- . Kirkland brand paper towels are much better and a good value .
 These paper towels do n't rip evenly . They never tare off correctly . They are very thin compared to what I am used to and are not very soft . They are cheap and I guess you get what you pay for
 I am looking to change my subscription because these are just too rough and nasty .
 Somehow I thought I was getting more . And these are single ply , which means that you must use more of the product for the same results . I would not buy the product again .
 they are ok and just OK!They are a bit to stiff , rough and not great at absorbing!I would recommend Viva Paper Towels
 There should be a spot for zero stars , absolutely no adhesive on the strips , and yes I did peel back the paper correctly .
 I 've been taking this trio for two weeks and have had nothing positive . I am more backed up than ever before , my joints ache and got the worst headache I 've ever had the first two days on only one packet . No help at all . I will go get a good probiotic and forget about this stuff and the 100 bucks I wasted .
 I used this product for a few months and at first I was feeling really good , but after the month wore off I had to take more and more and it seemed like a constant expensive circleI did take the advice of one of your reviewers and went to the health food store and bought a good probiotic and that made a world of difference and I did save a lot of money and got much better results
 I 've been taking this for 3 weeks and I still have Candida . This is a scam
 The first time I used the Frio cooling wallet my insulin was cool but not as cool as advertising for the product claimed . The second time I used the wallet , it not only did not keep my insulin cool but the wallet oozed slime when I soaked the wallet as instructed . What felt like crystals inside the wallet seemed to be disintegrating when wet . Doubt that I would ever purchase another produce from Frio . Wrote to the manufacturer and heard nothing back from them .
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it.I 'm very surprised at the information below as I researched the company an they 're from the UK and have n't been in business for 7 or 8 years from what I could tell.I also looked on the FDA website under the approved devices section and could not find their approval there despite claims that they were approved by the FDA for diabetic devices . Perhaps it 's a recent approval and it 's not there yet or perhaps I missed the information though .
 I did n't enjoy this cleanse system too much . It made me have diarrhea , like explosive diarrhea , and was not ideal for someone who has to work and work often . Because the system is seven days long , you have to keep doing it to have any results . I do n't think I would ever buy this again . I 've had better luck with other products .
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it.I 'm very surprised at the information below as I researched the company an they 're from the UK and have n't been in business for 7 or 8 years from what I could tell.I also looked on the FDA website under the approved devices section and could not find their approval there despite claims that they were approved by the FDA for diabetic devices . Perhaps it 's a recent approval and it 's not there yet or perhaps I missed the information though .
 The service was fast , order shipped very quickly.As far as the product goes , Weve done a lot of searching and reading on this product . Some of their products work well , this one I am not so sure if it is doing the trick . We have followed the directions , and are waiting for the results it promises . Will update again .
 I bought two boxes . . notice they do n't have a picture on the box of what they look like and where applied . These uncomfortable things will fall out and make your nose stretch not to mention look like a rhinoceros !! Very uncomfortable . . waste of money !
 this hurt the inside of my nose when I used it . I wont be using it again
 I went to a sleep clinic and they confirmed that my snoring depends only of my weight , I do n't have sleep apnea and after losing some weight , my wife confirmed that my snoring was gone.I got some weight back and I 'm snoring again like a sawmill , keeping my wife awake all night!I tried this item and I did actually breath much better , but my spouse said that the noise that I was making was much worse.I have to say that they are quite comfortable and they help breathing , but unfortunately they do n't stop snoring .
 Long story short , I snored right through this product and it was not very comfortable to sleep with regardless . I 've tried other products with somewhat better results
 I found the Nozovent to be useless for sleeping.It is essentially a plastic spring that you put under tension and stick up your nose.The tension presses against the inside of your nostrils to hold open your nose.This works ok while standing still , but if you toss or turn at all in your sleep , this spring will fly right out of your nose.Unless you sleep like a rock , it will pop out.That was my experience anyway.I could only see this being useful for resting if you have trouble keeping your nose open.Note that the lady on the box is not actually even wearing a nozovent.p.s.I also purchased a `` silent sleep '' from Amazon , -LRB- not a spring -RRB- , and it at least stays put better.I 'm uploading a photo showing the `` silent sleep '' adult and the nozovent side-by-side .
 Product did open up nasal passages , but was very , very uncomfortable . I tried to modify it to fit my nose better as some suggested , but the product never became comfortable and eventually just plopped out at any movement . Responding to one reviewers suggestion , I purchased the Silent Sleep device and it was much better and much more comfortable .
 I tried it one night and woke up to find my wife on the sofa . She said my snoring was worse than normal .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone unless you can tolerate something up your nose while you sleep . Not too mention that if brush the covers or pillow against your face , it will dislodge the strip .
 I bought these to help me breathe at night while sleeping . They worked well for a couple of nights . I was n't offered a selection of size when ordering , although they do come in 3 sizes . I 'm not sure what size I really got . They started to slip out at night after a few uses . I 've tossed them out . I went back to the nasal strips which are better but costly in the long run . I would n't recommend them .
 I ordered this item on March 23rd and I thought that it was ridicluous that the delivery estimate was listed as March 30th-April 1st . Anyway , I opened my email on April 1st to find that the item ONLY SHIPPED ON MARCH 31st VIA USPS -LRB- the slowest -RRB- from acreoss the country . It 's going to be more than 2 weeks from ordering before i get an item that could have been put in the mail the day i ordered it . BUY SOMEWHERE ELSE > THE PRICES ARE ALL PRETTY SIMILAR !!!
 For the low price figured I would give it a try if it helps my snoring so my wife can sleep . Well I tried it for 2 nights and each night during my sleep my nose was too irritated by it and pulled it out . So I gave up on that and tried the Snore Pin also offered here and have been able to leave it in no problem and seems to be helping but not all the time .
 It 's not comfortable , but I could deal with it . It does work . Unfortunately it irritated the nasal lining such that I could only use it for 2 -3 days in a row .
 I tried this some time ago . It is really painful to my nostrils and there 's no way I could sleep in it ! very uncomfortable .
 We purchased this device for my husband . It will not stay in his nose for even a minute , and this is when he 's awake trying to be careful not to touch it against anything . Do n't waste your money on this !
 It did open my passages , but I noticed a couple of issues . First , sometimes it would come out in the middle of the night . Second , it tickles when you put it in . Third , after using it 3 nights in a row , it started to irritate my nasal passages . As a result , I stopped using it . The real solution for my breathing at night was resolved by buying a really great air cleaner , and by occasionally using anti-histamines before going to bed .
 One of the best nasal dilators I ever used was Sullys Nose spreader , this was the first of its kind . Thin surgical steel wire shaped similar to Silent Sleep except there was a wide loop at each end which not only pressed out the side walls of the nostrils but the loop sat against the inner part of the nostril to create resistance.The genius inventor-engineer Robert Sullivan created the prototype for himself 20 years ago as he said he slept with straws up his nose to open his nasal passages . . I was so impressed I could finally breathe at nite that I tried to get my long time allergist to supply them for his patients . My allergist tried one and when I saw him the following week said he would n't carry them for his patients . When I asked him why he said his patients would n't come to him anymore , their breathing problems would be solved ! I know Mayo clinic used Sullys for their patients . Unfortunately Mr. Sullivan passed away and the business closed . Sullys Nose Spreaders are not available anymore . I have been using my leftover Sully Nose spreaders for the last 20 years , and a few months ago when I realized I had only one Sully Nose Spreader left I went on an active search for a replacement . About 2 weeks ago I discovered Silent Sleep nasal dilator from Snore Stop - available on Amazon . Absolutely the best ! I suffer from small nasal passages combined with allergies to dust and I am a lazy house cleaner . At nite my nose stuffs up when I lie down . I have tried all the internal nasal dilators over the last several months to replace Sullys -- Nosovent-the large hurt -LRB- Big mistake , I bought large because I wanted to really really breathe -RRB- and the medium fell out almost immediately and felt uncomfortable and weird compared to Sullys . I tried the Ultimate Nasal Dilator , a thicker wire contraption that you fit over your nose and the ends go into your nose-too uncomfortable with all the steel on the outside and the prongs that go into your nose feel weird . Another thing I tried was the Nose Cone , the plastic was so flimsy it collapsed under the weight of the sides of my nose . Breathe Right hardly worked as well as Sullys , just opened the nostrils a little , the `` extra strength '' is better but is too thick and rigid and felt uncomfortable , I think my nose was sweating under it ! I ripped it off after wearing it for about a half hour . Another I tried is the Breathe With Eeze , actually an effective but expensive product that works well as long as you do n't break it ! You have to spread the wires apart to fit your nose and the steel is so thin it breaks very easily when you spread it apart - way too expensive to keep replacing them . I broke them they were too fragile . Other dilators I tried were either so flimsy they collapsed under the weight of the side walls of my nostrils , or they took up so much space in my nose there was n't any space left over to breathe ! The Silent Sleep by Snore Stopper is the best ! It is made from a lightweight flexible coated plastic which you can adjust to how wide you want it to go-just like my beloved Sullys Nose Spreader . . To me the best part is that the part that spreads your nostrils open go the full height of the product so you can open your nostrils way up to the top of the nostrils -LRB- not only the bottom part at the opening of your nostrils -RRB- - just like the Sullys Nose Spreder . I ca n't even feel Silent Sleep in my nose and it does not need time to get used to . Comfortable from the get go you do n't even know its there . When I read a review from another reviewer on the Amazon site who highly recommeneded Silent Sleep -LRB- by Snore Stopper -RRB- I thought I 'd give it a try . Thank you reviewer !! Hands down Silent Sleep is the most comfortable and most effective internal nasal dilator I have tried since Sullys . And at a fraction of the cost-only $ 9.99 !! I am so impressed I ordered 5 so I will always have them . -LRB- If you order 4 or more they give you one free -RRB- I have been using this for a week now and I could n't be happier !! Thank you Silent Sleep !
 It made my husband keep sneezing . For me the inside of my nose is dry and sensitive . So it felt like if I left it in , it might create serious irritations in my nose . What was good about it was it did open our noses . It was easier to breate when it was in . We are both in our 60 's . Perhaps if we were younger it might be okay .
 So this products claims to reduce snoring by somehow keeping the nasal passages open ; however , this product stays very near the opening of the nostrils , while I can feel my snoring vibrations coming from much deeper in the nasal cavity . Essentially this product has no effect whatsoever on my snoring . I had the same experience with the Snorepin , except the Snorepin stayed in better though I simply ended up breathing through my mouth and waking up with a sore dry throat and tongue . No good
 Does n't help with snoring at all . It 's way too big and I had to cut the ends to even get it to fit in my nose . It was painful and did n't even prevent my snoring . Definitely would n't recommend this product to anybody .
 I keep taking it out in my sleep without awareness . I am unsure whether it would have worked even if I did n't take it out in my sleep . I have gone back to my Breathe Right .
 I purchased this item to help with my husband 's snoring . We were going broke buying the nasal strips and throat spray . Well we are back to going broke on the nasal strips and throat spray because the Nozovent will not stay put .
 This is a waist of money ... I will discourage people from buying this ... the tape on top of the nose is least intrusive than this ...
 The quality of my latest shipment of nozovent did not expand my nostrilsas did my first shipment.I would rate this current purchase as unsatisfactory.I will not order this item again .
 plastic is not soft enough and will irritate inside of your nose and I just think it is a waste of money and can not be returned once opened , mouth pieces may be better if they work and can be returned , I may try them later .
 Just do n't waste your money on this product . It WILL not work for anybody with any form of sleep apnea with resulting snoring problems . Wish it did , but it does not . Do n't bother.Nozovent Anti-Snore 2 Box
 I do n't know whether they work or not because they would just go flying out of my nose across the room before I even got into bed . They are also incredibly uncomfortable .
 These things help me breath a little easier , but not enough to make me want to use them all the time . They fall out to easily . I found that I can breathe easier using them inside out . But this way it fall out even more . My nose it slightly irregular on one side , so this may be my problem . I 'm not using them anymore .
 basically i snore , so i bought this product to see if it helps , i guess it does let me breath better through my nose , but from what i hear , i still snore , equally loud as before , so no , i do not recommend buying this product
 Well , now I 've learned that snoring has nothing at all to do with keeping the nasal passages open - but have everything to do with muscles in the throat closing slightly , which forces the sleeper to snort out and in - creating lots of noise aka snoring.This product does nothing to reduce snoring.If snoring is the result of a cold , stuffy nose , etc - try the nasal strips . They are far better and way less uncomfortable , and much more sanitary .
 I bought this product for my husband . He only used it one night and never used it . He said it was n't comfortable to have it in the nose .
 Tried and tried to get this thing to stay in my nose and it just would n't stay . Then it made my nose start to bleed bummer I was looking forward to not using the stick on nose strips but they work . This was a waste of my money .
 The thing is hard to put in and usually pops out immediately . Even when it does stay in for a minute , it slides out on one nostril minutes later . I would put up with the initial little pain , if it worked .
 Tried to use this devise for many days but it did n't help me to stop snoring . My wife is still complaining and promising to move me to another room to `` sing my night songs '' so she can sleep normally . This Anti-Snore helper does n't stay in your nose firmly . When you turning on your side it is jumping out of your nose easily . Always have to search for it in the bed or on the floor next day.May be I should use crazy glue along , but there is nothing in instructions about that.I have to try something else .
 This was so incrediblely painful that the pain kept waking me in the middle of the night . I finally just took it out .
 I am a light sleeper who has been using ear plugs at night for several years . About 8 years ago I began usingMack 's Pillow Soft Silicone Earplugswith great results . However , I decided to try something new with Ohropax after reading the many positive reviews.I followed the instructions to the letter , and I immediately noticed that the earplugs were greasy and left my fingers uncomfortably sticky . The wax plugs were at first hard when I removed them from the cotton and difficult to mold . However , they did soften with a little work . Trying to get the small chunks of cotton off of them was also a pain . Afterward I found myself having to wash my hands to remove the sticky film left behind.The plugs stayed in at first , but one of them fell out during the night . Putting it back in was another sticky adventure . Throughout the night , I had to press the plugs back in several times to keep them in place . I noticed that when they had been over my ear canal for sometime the plugs had become gooey soft , which added to the problem.The next night I went back to the Mack 's silicone plugs . I find them much more comfortable and dependable , as I easily get 8 to 10 uses out of a pair . Plus , it 's very easy to split the Mack 's in half to get double the usage without losing their effectiveness.I really wanted to like the Ohropax ear plugs , but for now I 'll consider this loss as stupid tax .
 This product would be great for swimming , but for sleeping with it 's horrible . Noise is barely blocked out , and your hands and ears are left sticky after touching these waxy earplugs . I was hoping for something moldable because regular earplugs usually hurt my ears . I would much rather deal with an annoying pain than deal with the messy wax .
 Snoring is just one of those things you wish never existed . Especially when you are the one desperate for peace and quiet to sleep ! I have used multiple earplugs all foam in the past and paid particular attention in the sound rating before I buy . Followed the instructions and tested the plugs before going to bed . Unfortunately , snoring was so loud , it was as if the plugs did n't even exist . Right now best I can do is apply my foam plugs dangerously tight against my eardrums and at times wake up the culprit to adjust his position . Still looking and tired . : -LRB-
 I was so disappointed in this product after such great reviews ! I needed something to block out my husbands window rattling snoring ! These did nothing in that regard . Also , they were so difficult to handle . The cotton left a mess on my hands and the plugs were greasy . Too bad . I was excited about these working . I ordered Flent contours instead . Lucky , I was able to return to Amazon for a full refund . This is the biggest reason I shop Amazon !
 I purchased these earplugs because of their reviews . They are terrible for noise control . I would not advise anyone to purchase .
 I have found that wax and silicone earplugs do not really work . The earplug will create a perfect seal , blocking out all noise ; unfortunately , this creates an unbearable air pocket between the earplug and the eardrum . If you break the seal , the sound gets in ...
 Needing a good pair of ear plugs , I ordered these based on the good reviews . I was sorely disappointed . After rolling them into a ball shape as instructed , there was greasy wax residue all over my hands . After inserting them in my ears , following the directions , they did not sufficiently cut out noise . I could hear my fiance snoring loud and clear , along with any other noises . I also found it a little off-putting to have to wash my hands after inserting them , and they left my ears greasy as well . Overall I do not like these at all .
 Worst earplugs I have ever tried . Normally I 've purchased the larger uncovered solid wax kinds and have been very happy with those . These ones are truly worthless . You do not get a good airtight/soundproof seal due to the soft fabric surrounding the plug . So you try and try to refit it to your ear , and then the fabric breaks and you get a sticky , gooey ball of disgusting wax in your ear ... not a pleasant experience at all . I tried 3 of these , all failed . Moving back to the tried and true solid wax versions .
 they sux . i took them on a 16hour flight . not comortable at all ! all sticky like and i duno i expected more based of the reviews .
 I 've worn foam ear plugs for years but i decided to try these wax ear plugs and i have to say that I did n't have a good experience . I did n't like the feel of the wax and I found that they did n't block out as much noise as the foam plugs I use now.I use the Super Leight bight orange plugs and they work good enough
 Unfortunately these ear plugs did not work for me . I had high hopes because I have a lot of trouble falling asleep and staying asleep at night because of my fianc&eacute;s loud snoring . I was really hoping these would work . However , all they did for me was slightly muffle light snoring but did nothing to block loud snoring and also hurt my ears . I will try them again and reduce the amount of wax I put in each ear but I 'm not holding out much hope .
 I could n't get them to stay in my ears . I tried multiple times and even had my husband and co worker try to fit them for me but nothing worked . And they have a greasy feel that I did n't like at all .
 I do n't know how people get them to seal and stay sealed
 You just about have to wash hands after inserting them . They left my ears greasy , and sticky . I used them while riding my motorcycle , but half the time once I put my helmet on at least one of them would work itself loose . Had to remove helmet jam them back in and hope it would stay in for the ride home . If they stayed in great ear plugs .
 You actually have to put these on your clothes instead of directly on your skin .
 had purchased before , but this time the box was delevered by the post office -LRB- not ups -RRB- bottle was werapped in a plastic bag , leaking all over the floor . they would not work with me -- out $ 25.00-they lost a good customer ! looked like some stamped on the package-what a mess !
 I got it thought it would be good it is hard to keep it in one spot for me anyway i might be doing it wrong but i do know i did not like the base on the thing it is a little flimsy i was kind of afraid it might not keep it from going to far in like i said did n't like should have spent the money on something else
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it.I 'm very surprised at the information below as I researched the company an they 're from the UK and have n't been in business for 7 or 8 years from what I could tell.I also looked on the FDA website under the approved devices section and could not find their approval there despite claims that they were approved by the FDA for diabetic devices . Perhaps it 's a recent approval and it 's not there yet or perhaps I missed the information though .
 Is it really ethical to charge over FIVE DOLLARS for ONE BOX of ninety-count facial tissues ? That 's more than four times what this costs in the corner store or grocery store or supermarket . What ?
 The description clearly states that this is a bulk item of 27 boxes of kleenex . Today I received only 1 box of kleenex . I 've contacted the seller through Amazon and am waiting on a response.As an aside . The bulk price on this item is $ 3.92 . For 27 boxes . The shipping was over $ 15 . If the seller listed the bulk price incorrectly , that 's not my problem . They are obligated to send me the order that 's in the description . And over $ 15 for shipping sure is a lot for a single box of kleenex . ----- Update . 5.23.08 . I sent an email to the company - no response . So I sent an email to the company through Amazon - no response . Finally Amazon refunded my money.A couple days later , I received a call from the Seller . They wanted me to remove the bad review . I asked why I should do that , since this was the first time I was hearing from them . They told me it was bad for business . I told them that If they wanted me to remove the bad press , they would have to send me the missing 26 boxes of Kleenex . They agreed , but said I had to remove the review about their company , and then they would mail the Kleenex . I removed this review and the review on the Seller . And guess what ?? No Kleenex , and now I leave messages at their telephone number and get no return calls . In the last message , I told them that if I do n't get the Kleenex , I 'll put the bad review back on . And you what ? Once you remove a review for a company - you ca n't put it back on ! I think they knew this . Of course I can still review this product . And I will be notifying Amazon about their behavior.BEWARE ! DO NOT PURCHASE from this company .
 I have purchase this particular Kleenex product and others like it before and I find them to be absolutely worthless . Any tissue that is treated with lotion , fragrance , or any petroleum based product will not perform the task it was designed to due which is to catch and absorb moisture from your nose , or whatever area of your body that is secreting said moisture . Having been saturated with lotion , these Kleenex actually repel moisture and bodily fluids just like oil and water . It 's no fun blowing your nose and having a pool of mucus adhering to the outside of your nose and upper lip because the tissue you are using is defective . I intend to send this same complaint to Kleenex directly , but it is unlikely that the company will pull this product . So I 'm posting for the general public .
 At first I thought it was great . My knee felt great but when I took it off -- OUCH !!! I could n't walk for two hours . I do n't remember hurting that much . I just read that braces are bad for knees . I will return it .
 It was a waste of time and money . It is too flimsy to due anything . I had to go back to an old worn out different style . I am still looking for a good knee brace ...
 While this does seem to ad a little support to my knee 's chondromalacia condition , it 's not that wonderful . It 's hard to get comfortable and I constantly have to adjust it . It is also very itchy on the back of my knee in the bend area . Also do n't plan on wearing this under tight clothing because it either wo n't fit or will stick out like a sore thumb . It is very bulky . Overall I do n't feel it 's benefits justify the god awful itching or the constant adujusting everytime I move my knee .
 This strap keeps slipping/moving around when I exercise and sweat . Hence , it does n't really work because it does n't stay in place to support my knee ! I would recommend it to people who would wear it to just walk around or for very low activity . It 's better to buy the knee brace if you will be moving around a lot like exercise at the gym , etc. .
 You will only get one . You will waste valuable time trying to figure out where the other one is and then you might get a partial credit which is not worth the time you will spend on it . Order a single and see how you like it . This is not a bargain !
 i should say that the product itself seems to work , but do not purchase this item if it says that the order will be fulfilled by DME Online Sales . i ordered two and only received one . amazon told me the only thing i could do was send it back for a refund . fine . but probably not worth the trouble for a $ 6 strap .
 I got an empty package when I ordered this item . It was cheap though so it wasnt even worth calling bout getting a replacement .
 Ordered these aug. 17 and am still waiting for two in the mail ... Over a month later . They said they resent it ... But still nothing : -LRB-
 took about two weeks to get the product since the vendor was out of stock . I have used it for a couple of weeks and cant really feel any difference , I still have an ache in my runners knee . .
 Just wrote a kicking review about a knee braces and theKneedIt Knee Braceand should have copied it here so please hit that link and you 'll know why in detail backed by medical facts that bands and braces are BAD for your knees and legs !! Please do n't use them !!
 The basic product does what it is supposed to do ; however , there are small very scratchy fibers that stick out of the ends where the Velcro is sewn in . I think these are actually hard plastic fibers from the Velcro that are protruding through the covering fabric . When you fasten it on , if you do not position it exactly right , the little ` stickers ' bite into your skin and are extremely uncomfortable . In my case I had to repeatedly interrupt my workout to adjust these so they did not irritate my skin . The problem got worse the longer I used them . After a while it was very aggravating , to the point they were not useable no matter how carefully I adjusted them . They went into the garbage and I 'm now using another brand , the `` Futuro Sport '' adjustable by 3M , which is available on Amazon .
 This is my second knee strap . The first one was from Futuro.Futuro lasted ~ 6 months before getting stretched in a way that made it too large for my knees -LRB- I am a 116 lbs woman , so my knees are not large -RRB- . This one lasted maybe two months . The velcro does not have both parts - the part with hooks gets attached to the material the strap is made of . While it is sufficient when the strap is new , it does n't hold after a while -LRB- as I said - 2 months for me , with 5 runs per week -RRB- , mainly because the material gets fibers pulled all over . Consequently , the strap keeps falling off during the run -LRB- really annoying -RRB- . As a side note - it does n't have a support loop so it is not easy to put it in place.It is an OK product - while it lasts -LRB- my knee was happy with it on -RRB- , but I will test the Pro-Tek one next.I 'd give it 2.5 stars .
 I am 5 ' 3 '' and 120lbs and the strap fits BUT it is very big , bulky , uncomfortable , AND does not work . I ended up ditching this for a Futuro knee strap even though it cost 3x more because the pain was killing me.Maybe it would work on a bigger person .
 it 's about the design , not the size . it tends to slide down no matter how hard you fix it , and it does n't work anymore when it 's not in the proper position.In a word , it does n't work . Do n't buy . The quality is actually okay , but the shape is not good for staying there for protection .
 I run about 20-30 miles/week and started noticing some knee soreness . One of my friends told me about these straps so I thought I 'd try them out since they were pretty cheap . I first tried them during short run and noticed some soreness in my hips/ankles after the run . I did n't try them again for another 4-6 weeks . This next time , I immediately noticed hip/ankle strain within the first 1/4 mile so much so that I had to take them off mid-run -LRB- no strain on my knees though ! -RRB- . Maybe I 'm compensating my running stride with my ankles/hips ? Either way , will never be wearing these again !
 This brace is probably great for some people but it just did n't work for me . I was hoping to find something fully supportive but not as bulky as a full knee brace -LRB- so I could wear it under jeans -RRB- . It was n't as bulky as a full knee brace but it also was n't as supportive so my knee did n't feel stabilized .
 I have tried several different patella straps for my tendinitis , this was the worst . The strap itself would work fine except for one glaring problem , the cloth does n't `` bind '' to skin so it slips a few inches down my leg after just a few steps making it useless . I now wrap an ace bandage around it to keep it in place . Once in place , it does it 's job .
 I got this for my runners knee , could not do more then 1/2 a mile before it started slipping . Do not recommend this for athletes or runners , does not stay in place .
 Used as directed and lost 3 pens when the temperature hit 100 degrees . Foolish me , I kept thinking that the error was mine because of all the supposed reviews about how great this item is in hot weather . We had a small and a large pack . The small pack was essentially worthless , the larger pack seemed to be large enough to keep for for last for a few hours . Works great as long as the temp does n't go much over the recommended maximum temperature for your insulin and/or you keep it cool by adding some kind of ice pack . If you 're expecting the answer to having to carry around all the stuff in the heat ... this is n't going to be it.I 'm very surprised at the information below as I researched the company an they 're from the UK and have n't been in business for 7 or 8 years from what I could tell.I also looked on the FDA website under the approved devices section and could not find their approval there despite claims that they were approved by the FDA for diabetic devices . Perhaps it 's a recent approval and it 's not there yet or perhaps I missed the information though .
 Although these did the job , I found them very awkward . As I was trying to put make-up on , I kept hitting the frames . They need to make the frames lower and smaller so your hands do n't hit them .
 It still has not been received by my recipient Wei-Jen Harrison . The order was originally sent to her business address and then supposedly resent to her home address but she still has yet to receive it .
 Not the color it appeared on line . Is very fragile . The powder broke up in my make up bag in less than a week . That has never happened to me before .
 At $ 2.98 for one package , this is a ripoff . I just purchased this same product for $ 1.49 at my local supermarket , which by the way is not a discount store .
 This item 's earpieces hurt my ears tremendously -LRB- too tight ! -RRB- and I could hardly hear anything . I had to strain to hear my own heartbeat , and even then , it was extremely faint . Unfortunately , can not recommend this .
 I have bought this product in the past but it was in individual packets . It tasted much better compared to this product . I ended up returning it as it was that awful .
 I wanted to try buying this online because it cost me $ 40 in the store for 1 tub and now i regret it , it does n't taste at all like the one i buy at my local vitamin shop . I checked the skus to make sure i didnt mess up and order the wrong one and they matched up with the tub i bought locally and every thing else on the bottle matched up with my old one too . This one is way to chalky and does n't dissolve all the way either so i guess im going back to spending more on this product at my local vitamin shop
 I ordered this product , thinking it would be decent , based on the reviews I have read -LRB- both here on amazon and elsewhere -RRB- ... . I was WRONG . It is very hard to mix in with liquid -LRB- it clumps up at the bottom of my blender bottle -RRB- , and has a chalky taste , with a nasty aftertaste . Do NOT waste your money on this product !!!!!
 Caused intestinal problems - find another shake , definitely not a winner . Have purchased many different shakes over the years and this one was not a go .
 Alright , either this thing has no scooper or mine came with none which is really lame . There is nothing in my house that measures in grams so I do n't technically know how much powder to put . This is extremely annoying . Other than that , it tastes great .
 Look , I know there are nasty tasting whole earth raw shakes out there that are seriously nasty , and as an industry we 've come a long way in flavor with these , but this vanilla ice cream powder is so nasty that I can not describe it other than to say that it smells like a cheap `` buttercream cupcake '' candle , and it tastes like a whole truckload of quarters and fake Splenda sweetener rusting in your mouth ... the way your mouth is cold when you have n't slept all night , like all that nasty at the same time.Now with all that said , the chocolate ice cream flavor is the best ever !! I make it as an after gym hot chocolate breakfast and it 's just delicious and it works like even I ca n't believe . Get the chocolate and give it a little more water than it calls for , it 's great.Gonna try the strawberry one next , hopefully it 's like the chocolate one .
 I 've have never had a good tasting protein meal replacement shake and this one is no better . I know taste preference is all subjective . But if you do n't like the sickening sweet flavor of artificial sweetners and that nasty after taste , then you wo n't like this . Please note I hate the taste of diet soda too , just to give you a reference point . After forcing myself to drink it once a day for a week , I just could n't do it anymore . The articial sweetening is too much for me and the thought of having to drink it everyday . . well I just ca n't do it . I will continue making my own meal replacement shakes with plain whey protein with no artificial sweeters . I like to mix in a little fruit -LRB- blueberries , raspberries or strawberries -RRB- or yogurt or honey to keep carbs low .
 apparently those definitions are on the back of the box which is hidden away from us all . i 'm off to find a manufacturer with better marketing techniques !
 FOR ALL OF THE POSITIVE THINGS I HAVE READ ABOUT THIS FRAGRANCE , I ORDERED IT AND WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE FRAGRANCE . I HAVE USED IT ONCE AND WILL PROBABLY NEVER TRY IT AGAIN . ACQUA DI PARMA COLONIA IS WAY TOO UNPLEASANT FOR MY TASTES .
 Hate it ... never will i buy cologne online without smelling it . It had good reviews so i thought of buying it
 I purchased this deodorant after reading the great reviews , but I have to say it is the worst deodorant in the world . Yes , it smells good , but the scent is short-lived . To keep it going you would have to probably reapply 4 or more times a day . Besides , it does n't even have an anti-perspirant ingredient . So while I agree the scent is great , the performance is not . I ca n't believe I spent $ 35 for a deodorant that does n't work .
 This powder does n't smell like much and certainly not Aqua di Parma . I would n't spend your hard earned money on it . I love A di P and was willing to pay extra for the talc but this is a HUGE disappointment . I think it 's a fake and I recommend not buying it .
 I bought this Acqua Di Parma Colonia aftershave balm -LRB- 2.5 oz -RRB- from Archipelago Botanicals because my stock , bought from Nordstrom , was running out . On a per ounce basis , this was a great deal , and I bought several bottles . That turned out to be a mistake.One morning , I finally ran out of the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I had already put aftershave on half of my face , but I had n't finished the job . So , I took out a bottle bought from Archipelago Botanicals . Immediately something seemed wrong . The Archipelago Botanicals bottle had a different label from the Nordstrom bottle . I opened the bottle , and the Acqua Di Parma bought from Archipelago Botanicals smelled different from the Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . There is no reason that the same aftershave should smell completely different.I do n't know if the `` Acqua Di Parma '' bought from Archipelago Botanicals was fake or if it was just very old . But it was not the same as the much more expensive -LRB- but new and genuine -RRB- Acqua Di Parma bought at Nordstrom . I can not recommend buying Acqua Di Parma from Archipelago Botanicals.Follow-up
 This ball feels fine -LRB- I actually prefer the spikier nubs on it -RRB- . BUT ... it is made of PVC and has a terrible off-gassing smell -LRB- sort of a vague oil refinery smell -RRB- which also gets on your hands when you handle the ball . Yuck . My wife has a Rubz massage ball with flatter nubs that does n't have this smell and is obviously made of a less noxious plastic . And no , the smell does n't go away quickly if you air it out .
 Painful to use . Not Stress reducing or relaxing at all . Points are very firm and are more painful than anything else . I would not recommend .
 Underwhelming . Not firm enough to massage very deeply . Foot Rubz ball is much better for the feet and Trigger Point massage ball is better for the rest of the body .
 i got this thinking it 'd be a good option instead of packing up -LRB- and possibly losing -RRB- my pair of goosebumps , but this is definitely not comparable . while it 's prickly -LRB- which is good -RRB- , the ball feels like it 's not fully inflated , so i 'm not getting a strong massage when i 'm rolling it under my aching feet . so disappointing . guess i 'll be picking up another pair of goosebumps after all .
 I think the spikes on the ball are a little too pointy . I have used other balls for foot massage that I think are a lot more suitable ...
 SPIKEY AND PAINFUL TO THE BARE FEET . I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE SOFTER . AGAIN , IT FELT LIKE NEEDLES ON THE BOTTOM OF MY FEET . NOT SOOTHING AS I WANTED IT TO BE FOR MY VERY TIRED FEET .
 Porcupine massage ball
 I bought it because I have pain in my arm because of working long hours on computer . But did not find it very useful . It is hard to press the ball . I expected it to be suited for massage so I could press more confortably . But since it is so hard , I am not using it much .
 On the scale of 1 to 10 . I will give it a 3 . -LRB- 1 being the least satisfaction , and 10 being the most satisfied -RRB- . THE MATERIAL SMELLS TERRIBLE . I CAN NOT STAND THE SMELL .
 Chines made of very bad quality material with annoying plastic smell . I through it out without using it due to cheap materials that emits very bad smell even after cleansing it with water and soap . Please do n't waste your money on this very bad product .
 I bought this ball based on the reviews and the price . At first , I found this ball quite satisfying , but my parents told me that a wooden ball -LRB- similar ball made of wood -RRB- would have been quite better in acupressure therapy.My parents have been using wooden ball for a long time . Because this ball is soft , and when you press your foot or hand , it gets squeezed . Contrary to this , wooden ball hard and has better spikes , which is perfect for acupressure therapy . I would not recommend this product .
 Before you buy make sure you want a ball that is hard as a rock . I thought I was getting one like the one on Dr. Oz but it is not there is no give at all .
 Worked great until it tore at the seam -LRB- popped -RRB- after 20 minutes ! Tried to give it to my dog but its too hard for her mouth : /
 A tear along the seams emerged soon after use . popping it and making it useless . Only made for delicate use apparently .
 I ordered one of these from the same company in 2 years ago and it has been awesome . It 's still going strong . BUT , I just ordered 3 more this month so I could keep them in different rooms and at work ... within a week 2 out of the 3 have already come apart at the seams ! I read the reviews and did n't see anyone else having this problem , so I assume I just got a bad batch . But they are useless when they come apart . No amount of superglue will hold it back together enough to use it for massages anymore . Amazon was great and did issue me a refund for the two balls that came apart though . I just hope the seller will find out what the problem was with this batch and hopefully it wo n't keep happening .
 I had two small kidney stones in the lower part of my left kidney that showed up on a CT scan . I had high hopes that spending the money for Uriflow would do what was advertised and dissolve those two stones . So I spent the money and ordered a bottle of Uriflow capsules and took them according to the instrutions on the bottle . I just recently returned from the Mayo Clinic where I under went a CT scan . The results showed I still had two small kidney stones in the lower part of my left kidney . Final result is my wallet is lighter and my kidney stones still present !
 Obtained 6 bottles on September ,2009 and used it as indicated . It did nothing for my kidney stones as confirmed by a CT scan . The bottles were returned and followup with phone calls got promises of a refund . Never got back a cent . I highly question the validity of claims made and integrity of the manufacturer . Beware . jdev -
 I used the entire bottle while drinking a lot of water . Unfortunately , I still have the stone . Glad it worked for others , as I know your pain .
 Hello , I have used this product for awhile . I notice no change . I believe that uriflow I have purchase is a placebo not the real thing . I think I have wasted my money on this product . I would never buy any uriflow again . I wish this product have worked ... so I can be comfortable.Steven
 I am a physician , a radiologist , to be specific . So it is easy for me to keep an eye on my stones . Five weeks ago , via a quick CT scan , I found a 5mm stone in my left ureter . It was not causing an obstruction -LRB- yet -RRB- , so I was n't forced to do anything urgently . With an open mind , I spent the $ 40 for a bottle of Uriflow capsules . I took two a day for a month , and this morning I jumped back on the CT scanner . The stone is still there , completely unchanged . Is it possible that someone with different body chemistry might benefit from this preparation ? Yes , it 's possible , but for most of you I seriously doubt it . Instead , I recommend that you put that $ 40 a month into an account to save up for your co-payment for cystoscopy and/or lithotripsy .
 I have not taken all the pills as of today , there has been no difference as of today .
 Unfortunately I had to return this product because it has whey in it . I am not sure why a garlic supplement would have whey in it . Since I do not tolerate dairy products I could not use it . Very disappointed .
 This product is Kyolic Formula 100 , not the Kyolic Formula 100 Vegetarian one.The name has to change inorder to avoid errors when ordering.One star is just for this mistake not for the product .
 Ordered July 21 , you said it would be delivered no later then Aug 13 , now you changed to Aug 19 - Sept 13 !! So much for usually ships in 24 hours . Very poor !
 Unfortunately I had to return this product because it has whey in it . I am not sure why a garlic supplement would have whey in it . Since I do not tolerate dairy products I could not use it . Very disappointed .
 This product is Kyolic Formula 100 , not the Kyolic Formula 100 Vegetarian one.The name has to change inorder to avoid errors when ordering.One star is just for this mistake not for the product .
 I purchased this product to help heal my stomach after being diagnosed with Celiac . I had great luck with Nature 's Way slippery elm . It was amazing . After going through the first bottle , I tried the Solaray brand because it was a little bit cheaper . It did n't help at all and it immediately made me feel bad . I contacted to company by email to see if they are gluten free and they said they could n't answer that in writing . No company has ever had an issue with that before . I called the number provided just to have the guy quickly tell me that it 's not gluten free . The bottle says no additional ingredients are in the product other than those listed , but that is not true . So if you are gluten intolerant and are trying to heal , do not use this brand . I recommend Nature 's Way .
 Not sure that it is n't counterfeit as it is very weak . I know b 'cause I 've used the product over 18years . Just learned that Issey is the most counterfeited mens product .
 Too bad the seller shipped the wrong item . I ordered the `` cylindrical '' shaped Proxabrush , not the `` tapered '' shaped . For a $ 12 purchase , it 's futile for me to complain . I just wo n't order again thru Amazon . Burned again.In fact , the picture below shows exactly what I ordered . Too bad I did n't receive what I ordered .
 For me it was a short bout of itchy eyes and an extremely runny nose -LRB- I have also taken them on more than one occasion , with the same results every time -RRB- when I first started to take them I would just blame the weather , but after taking too many in too many different occasions I figured it was probably just a slight allergic reaction.It could have worked if whatever was in it that gave me the sniffles and itchy eyes so bad was not in it.If you have never tried it before I would suggest starting with a small package first.I am not sure how bad this reaction could get , or if other people are more sensitive.I would actually advise anyone to speak to there healthcare provider about this one , especially if you haveever had an allergic reaction to antibiotics , pollen , or pet dander .
 I ordered this product because I was curious as to its efficacy . On further investigation , it turns out that kava kava and more specifically Happy Camper have been linked to liver failure and , in some instances , death . Personally I am not interested in something that may either make me a little happier for a day , or kill me for the rest of my life . I have nothing against this company or this type of product - just do a little research before you try it . BE CAREFUL .
 I did not notice almost any difference after taking this pill . Since this is my first time taking it , I will wait and see if things change . But for now , no change in my mood ... = |
 I am a SUPER healthy eater , so maybe that 's why . Perhaps this will work for people that eat a lot of junk . For me though ; BIG waste of money ! I give it 2 stars bc it must be good for something ...
 I have been taking this product and it seemed to help a little but not as much as taking 5HTP . Then I noticed it said something about causing a rare liver condition . So I researched it more as you should and one woman died after she needed a liver transplant from the effects of kava -LRB- main ingredient in this product -RRB- and several other people needed liver transplants after taking this product .
 I was not happy with product . It caused me to have stomach pains and feel weird . The first couple of times I took it I felt relaxed but faded away . I am also scared of the kava kava especially with stomach pains . Next purchase will be more of true calm by Now foods .
 I 'm not sure if it 's just me because I searched everywhere on the internet and everyone seems to be happy with this product but me . I rarely try not to give too many things only one star but these capsules did nothing for me .
 I was really hoping this would help me relax but it did n't help me do anything other than get annoyed . Oh well .
 I was so excited to try out this supplement after trying out an even more commercialized version of Kava Root while in Hawaii . I was actually very disappointed when I took this the first time only to realize that it had very little or no effect . Compared to my previous Kava Root experience , this was so minimal that it could have easily been a placebo effect that I was feeling . With the drinkable stuff I had , I knew I had the real root when my mouth became numb . About thirty minutes later , I legitimately felt as if I had smoked a small amount of marijuana . Other people 's reviews tend to say quite the opposite of my experience , so I do n't want to say that Kava root has no effect , because it does . It is like a legal drug , and it 's effects are great . Try this product out and I hope it works better for you than it has with myself .
 After paying for this item , I received this message from Amazon.comWARNING
 Concentrated ? Maybe relative to air . And , the price is outrageous . Buy frozen cranberries and run them through a juicer or blender for a better result -LRB- unless your in the upper 1 % income group -RRB- .
 Lighter is very attractive , however the housing that holds the latch to keep top closed is plastic and broke within 3 weeks of very light use . I only use this lighter on our boat and at the beach . Disappointed that it did not hold up any better . I tried contacting Essential Gear via e-mail several days ago and have not heard back from them to date .
 The cover sticks half the time , so it wo n't open reliably , and it will never accept a full refill . AAMOF , every refill will accept less and less fuel to the point where now it hardly accepts any and thus is no longer any good .
 Unfortunately amazon does n't list the real ingredients in what 's in the bottle . If you check other places online you 'll see that it 's actually dl-alpha Tocopheryl Acetate instead of d-alpha , if it 's dl it means that it 's synthetic and research shows that the synthetic is n't as good to use topically and not at all good for you if ingested .
 Since i just received my order of this vitamin E oil and it is the synthetic , I have to report i am very disappointed . I always scoll down to description way at bottom of page and there it clearly states that it is d-alpha , which means natural v.s. the dl-alpha which is artificial and not good for you as research has shown . This is what it says so other customers can find it , -LRB- and it is not true . -RRB- `` Product DescriptionVitamin Supplement . 30,000 IU per bottle . Pure enough to take orally . Vegetarian formula . Each five -LRB- 5 -RRB- drops contain 100 International Units -LRB- IU -RRB- of vitamin E -LRB- d-Alpha tocopheryl acetate -RRB- in a natural base of wheat germ and vegetable oils . Natures Bounty 's Natural E-Oil is so pure it can be taken orally . No artificial color , flavor or sweetener , no preservatives , no sugar , no starch , no milk , no lactose , no yeast , no fish . Sodium free . Laboratory tested . ''
 I had breast reduction procedure done 22 days ago and kept hearing about how good vitamin e oil was for scars and the healing process . . i was given the ok to start using creams and oils 15 days after my surgery , soon after my stitches were removed ... i started with the rosehip seed oil recomended by my surgeon but once i ran out i had trouble finding an organic one in the us . . so i decided to go for this oil instead.BIG MISTAKE . . a few days later i started to notice the scaring around the areola separating ... after doing alot of reading i read a surgeon being opposed to vitamin e because chemically , vitamin e breaks the sh bonds . . these are the bonds which hold collagen fibers together , therefore , if you put enough vitamin e on a well done surgical scar , it will brake the bond and make the scar wider ... vitamin e is good for thick , heaped up scars because it will flatten them , but unfortunately , for flat , excellent scars , it will spread them ... i wish i had known this before using this product .
 I have n't noticed a big difference in my appetite at all when I take this . I 'm pretty disappointed but I will finish the bottle to see if maybe I 'm taking too low of a dose ... I did the recommended but I just do n't feel anything like more full .
 A friend of mine suggested I try some homeopathic medicine for my depression . Well , this came up on Amazon . I am not really sure if it helped my depression , but it sure did n't sweeten my coffee ! I thought for sure this would be a great sweetener being 80 % sucrose , but I had to use just about every pellet in one cup of coffee and even that did n't sweeten it . I love the idea of curing my ills through my diet , but it 's just got to have a little more flavor for this price .
 I needed Lime Away to clean my stainless steel sink , so I picked up this bottle , missing the small print that said it was toilet bowl cleaner . It totally destroyed my faucet , corroding it and discoloring it horribly . They should really make the words `` Toilet Bowl Cleaner '' bigger on the bottle .
 It 's a good product because it gets done what it is meant for and comfortably . I did see these exact same things the other day though at CVS/Walgreens and they were priced at 3 dollars . Same material and color and everything . Even the brand name Dr. Schools ones were just 5 dollars .
 This one is not very good quality . It stops in the middle of brushing if it hits the side of my mouth . I have never had this problem with the refills . Makes me want to think it is an imitation . I have to order another one but will not order from the same vendor .
 I have been using the short point to my extreme satisfaction and thought the long point would add another dimension to the process . Wrong . It was too long and soft to make any difference . The short point is firmer and feels like it 's doing the job . Using the Rotadent system has made a tremendous difference in my dental care , just ask my hygienist , she gives me an A plus .
 Not as pictured there are two types of long points the short long point that works great and then there is this one no one likes so it shown as the shorter of the two !
 When I ordered my rotadent I received the newest model . Unfortunately it has never worked exactly tight and has been returned and replaced once . When I ordered replacement brushes it did n't occur to me that I needed a different model . So I have a toothbrush that works only intermittently and brushes that do n't fit . I 'm in hospital no for a few more days so will work on getting this situation resolved as soon as posited.Carole HillRotadent Rota Dent PLUS Toothbrush NEWEST 2011 MODEL
 I did n't get cherry plum . I got Olive instead . Anyway maybe it 's a sign from the flower essence gods that that 's what I need .
 I just returned this . I HATE it . The directions said to use it 10-12 times for optimum results and I was trying to be patient , but it does n't remove ANY hair unless you go over the area many times . I can shave with a razor in a fraction of the time . I never got a decent shave and the last straw was when I tried to do my underarms and it cut the hell out of me . I could n't sleep because it hurt so bad . Very disappointing .
 I 'm going to agree with the other unimpressed reviewers - this shaver is a dud . I 've used it wet with soap as recommended in the manual with little success and I 've used it dry but it still barely shaved my legs and underarms.What good is a shaver that does n't shave ? I 'm reminded of the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' and you should too . I admit to borrowing my boyfriend 's shaver when he was n't looking and it did a great job.If you do buy a shaver , here are the features you should look for : - Rechargeable , preferably one with a stand/base - Wet/dry usage - Titanium blade coverings - Pop up trimmer - Easy to find replacement blades when necessaryWith any shaver , your skin will need time to adjust , but this shaver is n't worth the hassle . Buy something that will do the job it 's intended for .
 This was an utter waste of money even though it was pretty inexepensive . I used it three times , and on the third time , the `` on '' button popped off and the 3 little pieces to it scattered and wo n't go back in . Before that happened it was n't a great razor anyway . You have to go back over your hair several times and does n't offer a very smooth shave . I would avoid this product at all costs !
 This is a piece of junk . The first time I used it , it did a good job . It was down hill from there . Yes , it was inexpensive - cheap may be a better word . Please , do n't blow your money.Can I give this a NO STAR ?
 This product does not shave the hair . It does , however , tear your skin up nicely . You get razor burn , without actually getting shaved .
 I should have returned this . It is abosolutely useless . The only part that even works is the trimmer . The foil simply does n't cut anything - regardless of length . Save your money and get a different shaver .
 I bought this item about two months ago , and since then it has just been collecting dust on one of my shelves . I tried and tried but it simply does n't work . Try a different one .
 This razor does NOTHING ! Yeah , the trimmer works well , but who wants to just trim their leg hair ? The foil part of the razor is decoration , I guess , since it does n't cut anything ! Long hair , short hair , it does n't seem to matter . Do n't waste your money .
 This razor does n't work , plain and simple . Tried several times , followed the directions , no way . Do n't waste your money .
 I was very dissapointed . The idea is great , but it just does n't work.I hand to go over the area so many times I felt like I was sanding instead of shaving . I just went back to `` borrowing '' my husband 's !
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas of 2002 . She is 12 years old and I did n't want her using a regular razor on her legs . She told me it was n't working so I tried it myself . This razor does n't seem to want to cut any hairs at all . I would not recommend getting this razor at all . Even with the low price it is not worth it .
 My old trimmer died a few months back , so I thought I 'd try a shaver/trimmer to replace it . This was the only one at the store that fit my budget at the time , and now I wish I 'd saved my money!Pros : The cordless , rechargeable aspect is great.The pop-up trimmer is a lovely idea.Locking on/off switch - also a good idea.Easy to clean.Cons : After over a month of regular use , I 've found that it still does n't shave worth a da -LRB- r -RRB- n . After 3-4 passes , maybe 1/3 of the hair is gone , or just shorter . Does n't matter if you 're using it on longer hair , shorter , or just stubble . Does n't matter what angle you hold the shaver at , or which direction you go . You still have hair . 6-8 passes , you 're maybe rid of most of the hair , but I usually give up well before that and grab a disposable razor to finish up . -LRB- Or should I say , do half the work ! -RRB- Easy cleaning does n't mean a whole lot if it 's not cutting much in the first place.Sadly , the trimmer on this product is more of a yanker/ripper than a trimmer . Trimming the bikini area ? OW !! More like tearing hairs out one by one , like an epilady!I 'm going to see if I can return it and get my money back . Either way , next time I 'm going back to a nice , basic , Wahl-style beard trimmer . The blades on those give a nice , clean , smooth trim - without the pain ! -LRB- Why do the `` men 's '' trimmers do so much better , at a much lower price ? -RRB-
 I ordered a twin-blade shaver , but got a single-blade one . My account was creditted for the mixup . I kept this shaver , but it does n't shave well at all . It might cut 1 out of 10 hairs . It will cut a little better if you turn it around backwards and shave with the little strip on the end . It recharges well , though .
 I am not actually writing this review based on the set of replacement heads that I just ordered , but on the last set of heads that I ordered from the same seller . Perhaps the first set I ordered was just defective -- I will have to see after I open the new set . Basically I found that these heads broke rather quickly . Actually the heads should not break at all ... you should just have to replace them when the bristles get worn . I found that after about a month , the bristles would quit rotating , though the motor in the actual handle part of the brush was still running . I discovered in each broken head , that a teeny piece of metal had become lodged in the hole at the tip of the head , meaning it came dislodged from its original -LRB- functional -RRB- location inside . I must assume this is the cause for the bristles no longer rotating . I was disappointed to see this happen more than once , and so quickly . I did , however , choose to buy a second pack because this seller has such a good price , and I am hoping to find that maybe my first pack was just defective and that the second pack will be fine . If I find that this second pack is the same as the first , I will not buy from this seller again , as he must be selling heads that are known to be defective -LRB- perhaps that is why he can sell them so much cheaper than everyone else -RRB- . I will then write another , more harsh review !!
 Conair Interplak Replacement Heads Bonus PackThe write up says that it will fit all Conair Interplak bruches except for the push-on models . Not true , I have a NT7 model and these brushes do not fit . Amazon will accept back and said it will pay for sending them back , as well as refunding the original shipping cost .
 Needing more brush heads for my Interpalk , I found these on Amazon . I proptly ordered them , and noce we received them , my wife found that they worked quite poorly . It was as if the motor in the base could n't power the new brushes properly . They would slow down or stop completely . The old heads that we have still work fine . We just thought we 'd get some extras . Hope I can send these back for a refund . Another reviewer seemed to have the same problem . So , one star , because it fit perfectly on on my base . No stars beyond that , because what use is a brush head that works only half the time ?
 As someone else pointed out , this does n't fit all twist on models . But mine is a DPI6 . And while I could return it , the postage was on me . The right ones have been out of stock forever , but they 'll sell you a whole new toothbrush - for which there are no replacement brushes available ...
 Conair Interplak Replacement Heads Bonus Pack claims that `` Brush heads fit all twist-on ConairInterplak electric toothbrushes -LRB- except model NT8 -RRB- '' but this is not true . These do NOT fit NT7CS brushes . The Brush head that fits NT7CS is # 12167 . I alerted Amazon about this error on November 8 , 2010 , but I do not see that they have made the correction on their website .
 The replacement heads for my Conair electric toothbrush that I bought on Amazon were not only expensive -LRB- 30 dollars per a pack of 3 -RRB- but also were old and obsolete.They do not fit my Conair toothbrush because they were made for a model that was discontinued 10 years ago or more.I wish I could return them for a refund .
 The package was water stained . I would not be so picky but these are toothbrush heads .
 advertised on the net that these heads fit twist on conair interplak toothbrushes . did not fit ; USELESS . Wasted my money . Feel it was mis-advertised . .
 The information was that the replacement brushes fit all Interplak models except the listed ones . Mine was not on that list so I ordered . When I got the brushes they did not fit . Since I has opened the package I can not return them . My dentist advised what I got were out of date brushes for older Interplak models .
 These replacement heads were recommended to go with a certain Interplak toothbrush I was buying , but did not fit with the toothbrush ordered . Very annoying ! I had to return the heads , but also returned the toothbrush because it had practically no cleaning power ! Go with Oral B.
 These were shown in the Amazon catalog and looked like the NT7 , but in fact , they were a different model and so were useless .
 As my title says , I love the toothbrush that fits these replacement brushes but I 'm seriously thinking about not buying a new one after my current one goes . I 've used this system since 1995 but it is so frustrating , and getting more so , to find replacement heads that it 's simply not worth it . I know I can get them from conair but why should I have to pay shipping for something that I should be able to find in just about any drugstore . I live in New Jersey relatively close to NYC , you think it would n't be a problem - but it is . This is the first review I 've ever written about anything - it 's just that aggravating .
 Old technology and do n't last the recommended 3 months between brush changes ... they seize and can not be repaired .
 I wonder why are you selling old parts that do not fit ? You should have warned your customers that these heads are for model that was available in 1990s and not lately.I feel like I was cheated .
 Owned for 2.5 years . Finaly broken . `` The Conair often feels as if it is pulling your hair rather than cut it '' - totaly agree .
 My son is almost 3yrs old and gets his hair cut every 4-5 weeks so I thought I 'd try it myself . It appears to be a great deal , only 14.99 $ with lots of attatchments plus comb and scissors . The blades would not stay aligned and it PULLED my son 's hair more than it cut . He was crying and screaming . I reread the directions several times . I finally gave up , returned it the next day , and made a trip to the hairdresser . Thank goodness he was not traumatized from the experience and let the hairdresser cut his hair !
 Yes , it 's a great deal ; you get a lot of stuff with this one with little cost.BUT , even with all of the fancy equipment , it is still a pretty lousy trimmer . I 've got very light hair , and this guy still ended up pulling more than trimming anything .
 THIS PRODUCT FLAT OUT SUCKS IVE BEEN SHAVING MY HEAD FOR YEARS AND NEVER HAD ISSUES WITH CLIPPERS HAD A BASIC REMINGTON BEFORETHIS PRODUCT GIVES ME NOTHING BUT TROUBLE
 i dont expect much from protein bars , really , i dont . i 've tried so many , and the more i try , the lower my expectations . but this is just crap . i couldnt finish an entire bar ! on top its a strawberry jelly like mixture thats super sweet and i think its suppose to mask the flavor of the bottom layer of the bar thats bitter , unsweetened and just plain gross tasting . food is not suppose to taste this bad . no way .
 It smells so promising , like fresh strawberries , but the taste it delivered was the most disgusting taste I had ever tasted . I ca n't even finish the one I just opened ; I almost puked .
 it may be good if you do n't bother about the its taste . I bought this ready for camping but had tried 1 bar before I leave . It 's taste tooooooo sweettttttt and you need drink a lot of water for this bar . I left it at home and get a different brand which is great taste ...
 Do n't be fooled by the low price ... not worth it imo . I would n't eat it even if I got it for free .
 nasty bar ... even though this is my first ever protein bar . It tasted pretty awful . I would get other flavor .
 Not the same anymore . I 've used this brand of cold pack for many years , but these are noticeably different . The plastic cover is much thinner and softer ; hence will tear easier . The gel -LRB- when thawed -RRB- is very much oozier , making it difficult to get in the freezer in a flat position . It wants to run to one end or ends up all lumpy . AND the main issue is these do not stay cold nearly as long as my previous versions . I will probably not purchase again and will look for some other brand that is more like these used to be . One other note , why does n't the manufacturer include a fitted , washable fabric cover for these ? I 'm tired of trying to wrap these in towels or something else when using . I 'd gladly pay a couple of dollars more for this and it would help to protect the plastic from tearing , as well . Anyone agree ?
 I have an 11x21 pack used on my shoulders , neck , and upper back . After about 3 months of casual daily use it started leaking its guts out . Others have have problems with them too.From reading other negative reviews , two suggestions from other owners stand out.One , the Physical Therapist who introduced one owner to the product line cautioned her to put the pac in an airtight bag when in the freezer , as the dry , cold air pulls something out of the vinyl over time , making it prone to seam separation.Two , another owner says vinyl repair patches , available at sporting goods stores , will stop the leaks . Another user tried silicone gel , duct tape , and other approaches to no avail . I tried duct tape , but the gel found its way several inches along the seam and finally appeared.They are supposedly warrantied for a year , but after about a week nobody from the company has returned my email about returning.My advice
 The description with the package says this should be stored at 12 degrees , but I did not see this listed on Amazon . Well , I do n't have a freezer specific for ice packs , so I put it in my freezer at 2 degrees . It is unusable when stored at this temp as it does not conform to the area needing ice and is `` frozen solid . `` I have seen these used in physical therapy offices and they are great , but they are also stored at the recommended temp , which as a consumer , I can not do . Of course , you could let them defrost for a short time and then use.I use them after I play tennis , and do n't want to wait 30 minutes to apply , so out of luck.I would look elsewhere unless you can store at 12 degrees . Most fridges are kept between 36 and 42 degrees and freezers are between 0 and 3 degrees .
 I have back trouble and lost the ice packs I got from my chiropractor . I tried to substitute these , but even when left overnight in the freezer , they did not get or stay that cold . They were not useless , but I would look for a better product .
 I bought this product based on the good reviews ... and while I do n't normally review products , I felt compelled to because this was such a total waste of money . The `` Colpac '' does not get cold enough to be useful at all . I bought it to be used in conjunction with a foot injury , and have had to move my foot around on the cold pack every 60 seconds to get to another cold spot . Withing 5 minutes , it is n't really cold at all . This is after it has been in a freezer for 24 hours.At first I thought that perhaps I just got a defective one , but I bought TWO and the second one is exactly the same as the first - cool , yes , not definitely not cold , and of no use .
 I was very happy with this product until the seams started to break and the gel inside began to ooze out . As other users have stated I also tried to patch the seams but it was useless . I wound up having to pitch it .
 I bought 2 of these and the seam ripped on both after a while . They have to make a better product .
 I got the Cold Pack based on all the nice reviews on this site , and the first one I got was an extra large size for my back . It really did keep the cold for a long time and was very comfortable against the back . However , the cold Pack started to leak after one month . I was surprised since no one else complained about this problem , and thought maybe I was unlucky . I got a second one with a regular size this time , but again , the pack 's seam tore after less than a month . I am giving up on this kind of Cold Pack however nice it feels . I do n't want to waste my money on something that only lasts one month or so .
 THIS PRODUCT IS ENTIRELY TOO HEAVY FOR MOST PEOPLE TO USE . IT HAS NO STRAPS FOR MOUNTING . IT IS UNCOMFORTABLE AND LUMPY .
 I purchased two extra large Chattnooga Colpac Cold Therapy on 7/27/11 . They both started to leak the first of September less than 45 days later.I emailed Amazon on September 13 , 2011 and I was told their return policy is 30 days with a 20 % restocking fee.Since it was over the 30 days , they would not help me.They told me to call the vendor that shipped it to me , shopmedicalsupply.com.I called shopmedicalsupply.com and they told me the same thing.Too bad , its over 30 days.Last time I order from either company and good to know that ALL Amazon purchases have a 20 % restocking fee when done in 30 days .
 I have the 5.5 '' x 7.5 '' pack and it only stays cold for about 3 minutes so it 's pretty useless . Maybe the bigger sizes maintain their coldness longer . I think an ice pack such as theEnglish Ice Cap 9 '' Diameterwould work much much better , and you do n't have to wait for it to get cold if you have ice on hand .
 Was great while it lasted but after only 3 months the seam opened and stuff oozed out . The cheaper drugstore ones I have lasted for years ! I would n't buy it again .
 I purchased the long neck shaped product in 2007 . It worked well for several years , both in the freezer as a cold pack , and in the microwave as a heat pack.However , due to limited space , I did not store it in the freezer . Instead I kept it in the cabinet just above the refrigerator . I recently needed to use it , and I discovered that the gel inside the pack had diminished in volume and became quite stiff . It is now unusable.It had never leaked , and there was no evidence of gel leakage around the pack where I had stored it . My only conclusion is that the solvent used in the gel had evaporated through the plastic , leaving behind a stiff , crumbly substance . This may have been due to the increased heat above the refrigerator , accelerating the evaporative process.For the price of this product , I will not buy it again . I would recommend purchasing one of the cheaper versions .
 Cold Pack - ColPaC Brand - Blue Vinyl - Eye - Shaped to Cover Both EyesThe only positive thing I can say is that it did get cold after sitting overnight in the freezer . But so would a pair of spoons , and you 'd be much better off . The filling of this pack is hard & chunky -- think peanut brittle . It certainly does n't conform in any way to your eyes = the pieces are too big.Don ' t waste your money ! You 'd be much better off with frozen spoons , a bag of frozen corn or peas , or another eye mask from the drugstore .
 I had to revise this review due to the darn thing starting to leak the semi frozen gel inside it ... it sat in my freezer most of the time , used max 1 x per week ... in last use this past week , it was clearly leaking ! Had to be tossed outThis is WELL BELOW my expectations for light use of the product . Be careful ; I will look for another one with stronger edge seals .
 The concept is great . I am an aesthetician and I really like the no mess and it works . However the cartridge is very small it is not enough for a full leg waxing . It is not economical . If you use two cartridges for waxing it 's costing you almost as much like you go to a salon . To find replacement cartridge is very hard and expensive.Overall it is a good idea but needs lots of impruvements .
 I tried it twice and threw it in the trash . The unit is awkward to hold . The wax does n't stay the correct temperature . Very hard to clean the unit when you are done and if you do n't get it clean - forget trying to use it again . I had a hard time finding replacement wax .
 The idea of a roll-on hot wax applicator is really great , especially the convenience of heating the wax by simply plugging it in . The lousy thing is , the wax gets kinda sticky and clumpy instead of hot and runny , ready to spread on the stubble and top with the strip before cool and rip ALL the hair out with a heartfelt holler , the way hot waxing should be . This is more like that washable wax or gel stuff , you might like it it if that worked for you .
 Just like is says on the tin ... `` Con ''
 Says exactly as it does on the tin - `` Con ''
 Never really worked . Returned it to Bed Bath and Beyond . Got another one thinking it was a fluke . This one does n't work either . How could Conair mess up a simple nose hair trimmer this much ?? Now , I will be returning the 2nd one and figured I probably already spent -LRB- ... -RRB- worth of gas and time dealing with this piece of crap . DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 Of no value . The clipper head moves but no hair gets cut . It is a poor design . It works like a miniature hair clipper , except that it has ` safety ' bumpers on either side of the clipper.I 've had more success with the rotary style . The rotary style has a little spinning blade inside a guard . Try the Panasonic instead . I bought the Conair locally because my Panasonic broke after 2-3 years , and I could n't find one locally . I 'm tossing the Conair and ordering a Panasonic .
 Too bad there is n't a zero in this rating system . I had an old remington that could handle everything I threw at it ... until I lost the blade assembly . My wife picked up the conair for me ... what a disappointment . It sounds like its working . But when you take it apart for post-op cleaning , there is n't a hair to be found ! I end up plucking the `` strays '' with her tweezers -LRB- little does she know -RRB- ! It uses a pretty dumb design ; the blades stick straight out from the axis of rotation . Unless the hair is bent 90 degrees , it 's simply going to smack off of the blade ... just like a card wacking off the spokes of your bike when you wanted to sound like a motorcycle . Junk-air
 This plastic conair hair trimmer is not only junk , but it does NOT WORK AT ALL !!!! Once turned on , it can not cut anything . I have tried to cut hair in my nose , in my ears , and even hair on my arm , DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!! It does not work ...
 Worked kind of OK the first few times on nose hair . Very inferior performance on ear hair . It simply does not pick up hair reliably , especially from the surface of the ear . The barely passable performance degraded substantially after a few uses . On/off switch is extremely flimsy and now it works only if I keep on holding the switch by exerting pressure from a weird angle . Clearly a case of you get what you pay for . This is a cheap unit overall and I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Does n't work worth a flip.Save you $ 10 .
 I have to agree with all the other reviewers - this trimmer is n't worth a dime . It barely trims one or two hairs , and only with an excess of effort . Do n't waste your money .
 Says exactly as it does on the tin - `` Con ''
 I bought this thinking it would be easier and do a better job than using the pop-up sideburn cutters of my electric razor . I had purchased other Conair products and been very pleased with their quality , however this product does n't work.It is pretty and looks impressive but it does n't cut nose hair or else mine grow back imediately -LRB- but I checked the cutting area inside the hair remover and never saw any hair -RRB- . This is the first nose and ear hair remover I have ever bought so I ca n't compare it to another one , but the blade on this is not very sharp and the motor does n't have enough power to compensate for the dull blade.Thus it does n't do the job.It least mine did n't . So if you need one of these you might want to try another brand or like me contiue to use your electric razor.In any case save your money and avoid this one.I would give it no stars but that was not an option .
 This was invented by people who are either totally incompetent or have an off-the-wall sense of humor -LRB- or both -RRB- . The `` trimmer '' looks great , takes a battery , makes the right noises , and does zip . Zero . Zilch . You can stand there with this up your nose all day and not cut a hair . I did n't make it a day , but after more time then I 'd care to admit , I looked around thinking I was on candid camera . Threw it out .
 This looks good and the fact that it 's supposedly a ` deluxe ' model you would think it would work well ... , It does n't . Does n't cut the hair . All you get is a shiny plastic nothing .
 I thought ours was defective , but I guess they all work like ours do . I agree with the other people . Do n't buy this .
 Does n't Really work . Try Wahl Trimmer on Amazon . Much Better .
 basically it does n't seem to cut any hair while other models do . Whoever designed this model did n't test it out to see if it actually worked
 This is the worst . New from the package it did not work unless I pressed just so on the battery compartment . Then , once on , it sounded terrible and smelled like it was burning . I ca n't believe it 's still on the market ! Do n't buy it .
 Should have read the reviews here before I purchased this.No matter what angle I 've inserted this into my nostrils it has n't managed to cut a single hair . Very disappointing , a total waste of money . It does warm my nostrils a little and there is an interesting metallic smell whilst using it .
 ... but you really are wasting your money on this product . I bought it several months ago and while it would occasionally work it took an absurd amount of time for any results , and even then the results were uneven . I just bought a Panasonic and could n't believe the difference
 The first couple of times I used this thing it seemed to work . After that , nothing . I could n't even see the blades moving so I did n't know how it was supposed to cut anything . It 's really too bad , because it looks cool and it is a great idea . I guess that I would suggest just putting some more meat into the thing so that it actually cuts something . Until there something better on the market , save your money .
 These things are way too tight . They did n't tear when I put them on , so they 're pretty durable . Too bad I could n't keep it on long enough to give it a proper test.I 'm sticking with the Helmet XLs from now on . Too bad Amazon does n't carry them .
 I was really excited about buying this product . In fact it took me about 6 months to put it into our monthly expenses . I first bougth the hard mat which has a little `` soft mat '' that goes on the end . My husband , who is turning into a real spa person , tested it out first and was extremely disappointed . We had a very hard time keeping the suction cups down and the mat kept floating in the water . The sound was so loud it gave us a headache . I took it back and got the `` blue soft mat '' . The same problems , floating mats , no relaxation . I did not like this product at all , I am taking it back today and getting the duo jets . Hope this helps .
 My husband and I both loved the bubbling action and the massagers for the neck and feet , however the noise level is so loud that it can not possibly be relaxing ! It sounds like two vaccum cleaner motors going at the same time . I thought we could unwind for the day with candles and music and the bubbling tub , however you could never , ever possibly hear any music with that loud noisy motor running . It would be such an absolutely perfect product IF you could make the motor quiet . Otherwise it works in reverse -- you come out of the tub with your muscles feeling wonderful but you are so agitated from the noise that you need to find some other way to unwind from the so called `` soothing '' bath . My advice is to save your money until they come up with a way to take the noise away !! I was extremely disappointed in the product !
 Positive points : - creates an enormous amount of water agitation ; - great for children at bathtime , particularly when bath-bubbles are added to the water . You will never have difficulty getting your kids to take bath . Purchase this type of product for that reason alone.Negative points : - significant noise . this can not be understated . - the mat floats on every corner . There are suction cups on the underside of the mat , but they do not hold the mat to the tub due to extreme water tubulance and force of the boyancy from an air-filled mat . You must sit/lay on the mat to keep it down , but then it collects in the spaces around your body . this is annoying . - cold air is pumped through the mat . there are two problems with this . 1 -RRB- you can feel the cold air against your skin , and the dual combination against the skin of very cold air and very warm water is not comfortable or relaxing ; and 2 -RRB- cold air quickly cools the bath , which makes the product very expensive to operate .
 At first i was excited about it there was alot of bubbles and it looked good , but then the mat wouldnt stick . When it finally did stick as soon as the water was running it would float up , they say its the kind of tub you have but i have the kind that they said it would stick on and it wouldnt . so anyway i get in the tub sit on it to make it stop floating and its nice , but then when i put it on high a gust of cold air comes thru the bubbles , the thing blows cold air and it turned my water cold . it was a horrible experience i spent more time keeping the mat down and tryin to keep warm .
 I was expecting something else , I guess . It vibrates annoyingly and gives me no sense of relaxation whatsoever .
 This brush didnt even make it out of the box in one piece . I tried snapping it in place but as you are using it the battery cover pops open . . its more work holding it together to use it than it 's worth .
 The first time I purchased the item it broke instantly however I contacted the seller and was a rushed a second brush at no charge . The brush does give you a good massage . I like that it can fit in small compartments . I have noticed my hair has grown and it does appear healthier . The second brush I received cracked but it still works . The red beads have fallen off . The bumps on the opposite side of the bristles are really good for a massage . I would say the brush is a little on the cheap side and needs to be improved .
 I ordered two of this product and both of them was recieved damaged . I was able to make one working unit out of the two broken ones . It would be very easy to break when used . The vibrating unit is held onto the brush head with a super small screw which could break or strip out very easy .
 you twist the handle to turn it on . very poor design , if you arent careful you can damaage it by twisting it a little too much . mine broke when i first used it . get the NON-waterproof brush instead , its alot more durable and it doesnt turn on using that twisting motion . so its alot less likely to break .
 I love whirlpool tubs . Whenever we travel -LRB- and we travel a LOT -RRB- , my husband tries to get me a jacuzzi suite . It 's such a swell way to relax after a day of touring the town , especially if I 've been on my feet all day.I 've been pestering him to install a whirlpool tub at home , but you know what they cost . So I decided to try the Conair bath spa until we saved enough pennies.All I can say is -- LOLOL ! It might be comparable to a whirlpool tub if you bought 4 of them and perched them all around the tub . Otherwise , it just does n't move much water around . I suppose it 's better than nothing , but not by much . I can barely feel the current . To say I 'm underwhelmed would be an understatement . It was fun to play with , and it was nice as a REMINDER of some of the swell whirlpool baths I 've relaxed in , but it just does n't approach the real thing , and it 's a lot of bother for so little pleasure . You have to be pretty desperate to think this is fabulous , although I 'll probably continue to use it until I get a real whirlpool tub . In hindsight , I should have saved the money I spent to put in the piggybank for the real thing . Either that , or I shoulda bought four of them !
 Disappointed with low water pressure . More like a bubble maker .
 NOT VERY EFFECTIVE , BUT THEN , FOR THE PRICE , ABOUT WHAT I EXPECTED .
 Stinko ! I ignored the noise the first night I used it because it was very relaxing . Unfortunatly , by the second night the machine only worked for five minutes . I tried charging it as the instuction said and the next night it worked for about ten seconds . I do not recomend this at all .
 This spa was the first and only Amazon purchase i ever returned.I was really psyched to have ordered it as my original conair spa bts1d had gone kaput after 3 years -LRB- i loved it -RRB- . I figured the bts2 would be a coupla steps up , WRONG WRONG WRONG and WRONG was i.This thing is huge and bulky , it takes up 3x more room than the bts1d did , has one fourth the power , and was a huge disapointment for me.It has a so called mood light , BFD.Save your money , time , and anxiety by NOT purchasing this thing.You 'll be glad you did n't . I found my original model thru one of Amazon 's pvt dealers and i had a good experience w / this gentleman , PLUS i 've got me a brand new Bts1d spa , and it just rocks my world baby !
 I guess for the price you ca n't expect too much . I was really dissapointed though . Thing does n't even point at you . Also it does NOT fit all bathtubs .
 Consumer opinions will vary on an item such as this , but you should know the following before ordering :1 . The `` massage '' comes from 2 buzzing vibrators implanted in the pad , each the size of a thick silver dollar . You 're definitely conscious of these 2 isolated points and of trying to position at least one of them next to the body area to be treated .2 . The power supply is fairly massive and heavy . No doubt it will cover up 3 outlets on your wall plate or power strip .3 . The pad , like others I 've tried , does n't get very warm , thanks to a built-in safety regulator .4 . The velcro straps might be useful if you 're able to wear the pad ; otherwise , they quickly get in the way . Also , the detachable electrical cord has a tendency to detach itself .5 . The price is about half that of a single massage administered by a professional . Is it worth it ? I 'm beginning to think maybe not .
 The massage portion of this heating pad is no more a massager than the vibrate on a cell phone . There is only 1 heat setting , which is OK , but it 's a bit hot for only one setting . It 's like the High setting on my 3 setting hot pad .
 I had a good massaging heating pad that was great , and I used it on my legs a lot. , thought I could replace it . This one is not even in the ballpark . Absolutely useless , I have been had !
 The reviewer who compared the massage feature to that of a cell phone perhaps said it best , so suffice it to say that one can essentially ignore that aspect of the unit -LSB- I might even liken the vibrations to those of an injured -LRB- and no longer airborne -RRB- housefly buzzing in circles -RSB- . With respect to the heat -LRB- ing -RRB- , it does perform better , but is by no means stellar.The Pro 's are its design for moisture , a better-than-average fabric/material - which holds its shape fairly well and the auto shut-off . The Con 's include , as others have said , a HUGE AC-DC plug/power pack , no apparent ability to WASH the darn thing , only modest heat , annoying Velcro straps , a two-part power cord that not only must be taped to keep together , but ca n't be removed from the main pad for washing AND , perhaps most significantly , the fact that mine died after approx . 18 months -LRB- which , incidentally , raises yet another detractor ; the Warranty is only a year , much less than many other brands -RRB- .
 A Pile of Junk I had to send it Back , did not refund the Fright Charge also . . Negative Buy
 Conair Massaging Heating PadUnfortunately the pad does not work and will be returned on January 22 .
 I bought this product for the massaging properties in conjuction with the heat . I thought it would help my restless leg styndrome . The vibration is too little . There are just a few little disks that create the massage . It is like someone else wrote just a little more than a cell phone vibration . It is not worth the purchase price . Buy a regular heating pad and a vibrating pillow instead !
 Please read the entire review ... but I 'll get straight to the fire as it is the most important information . Over-all review afterwards.This is difficult for me to give a rating number because prior of the circumstances . I would say prior to my pad catching fire I would have given it a 31/2 for what I needed it to be Everyones needs / hence ratings are of course going to be different due to their circumstances , wants and needs so keep that in mind when reading reviews.Post fire ? I have to give it a big fat 0 . It terrifies me thinking about how quickly and `` silently '' it malfunctioned , caught fire and did so much damage in such a short time ... with me sitting right there !!!! Let me start by saying I 've used quite a few , of this exact heating pad , for about 7 years ... faithfully . During those years I 've probably bought a new one every 3-6 months with the time frame of them dying varying for no apparent or particular reason . My useage habits have always been the same , some pads just last longer than others but none have ever lasted a year ! -LRB- Unfortunately , I 'm not even rated fair when it comes to registering my products nor keeping warranty information - so yeah , I 've paid for each & every one of them -RRB- I would guesstimate that I 've bought at least 4 a year , sometimes more , never less ; so I feel I 'm a very qualified reviewer of this product.What happens just before they `` die '' :1 -RRB- The massage on high setting acts as if it is on low , eventually barely any massage.a -RRB- During this slow death of the vibrators , sometimes the heat still works , sometimes not , sometimes there 's just a minimal amout of heat & sometimes HOT HOT ! When the vibrating death is final , the heat usually does n't work either but I ca n't say it 's always that way because at that point , I usually have a new one and have thrown the dead one away .2 -RRB- The vibrators wo n't turn on at all and then randomly and sporadically they 'll just start working at all speeds but you are totally out of control , it has a mind all it 's own . ********** THE FIRE ************ I had just bought a brand new heating pad directly from conair 's website two weeks prior . I used it every day , several hours a day , off and on , which is normal usage for me . Starting from day one , the pad acted the way all of the others act when they are starting to die . I pretty much figured I had gotten a lemon and planned on contacting conair about getting a replacement . But after a few more days I was n't noticing the `` dead spots '' anymore . It seemed to have worked out its problems for the most part and worked as it `` normally '' worked.On this particular day -LRB- FIRE DAY -RRB- I was having a really bad back day . I propped myself up on a bunch of pillows behind me on my bed with the heating pad on . -LRB- which is how I always use it -RRB- I did n't have it strapped around me , it was just placed between my lower back area & a pillow.I was using heat and the high setting of vibrate ... off and on ... approximately every 10 minutes I would have to turn it off . The reasons for doing so is because the heat , after a short time , becomes too hot , especially in the area around the vibrators and the low setting of vibrate was just too low and offered no relief . Also , the high setting is annoyingly loud and when the pad is new , I find the high setting to cause my eyes to jump around from the vibrations to where it keeps me from being able to read , get on my laptop computer or watch tv . Finally , because my back problems can cause my lower back and spinal area to become sensitive & painful to the touch , So , I 'm frequently moving the pad around to change where the vibration hits my back and turning the pad on and off.I was home alone -LRB- insert scene from the movie AAARRRGGHHHHH - lol -RRB- that day and I * thought * I smelled something that smelled like a few things but the main odor was that of burning plastic . It was n't strong at first but it was something that definitely caught my attention . At one point I felt extreme heat , more than I ever had before ... actually a burning feeling on one side of my back , right around the vibrator area . It was so hot it kind of made me jump but I really did n't get too excited or think much of it because this is a very typical problem that I 've experienced with ALL of the pads I 've owned and used.I reached around to move the pad yet again and felt my back ... it was HOT ! so I turned the pad completely off -LRB- heat & vibrate -RRB- and got out of bed . When I returned to my bedroom the air looked a little hazy to me and I could smell that plastic burning smell a little stronger . I sniffed around the entire house but the only place I could smell the odor was in my bedroom.Scared and determined to find out what was burning , I started checking the floor to see if I had dropped a lit cigarette or hot ashes had fallen and was slowly burning something but I could n't find anything or feel anything warm or hot . I then decided that it must be something outside and started to get back into bed . But to be safe , before getting into bed , I wanted to check my bed to make sure the same had n't happened there.That is when I pulled the blanket back and saw black and brown scorch marks and then parts of the blanket that were matted into black ashes . At the same time , because I had pulled the blanket back , I saw smoke and could strongly smell something burning . I pulled on the heating pad and saw a big part of it missing ! I grabbed the cord and unplugged it , tossing it onto the floor . I panicked and grabbed the pillow that had been up against the pad ... it had a huge hole in it . . all the way through the pillowcase and the foam pillow and my top sheet had a small burn hole and a large area that had been scorched . I rubbed my hand over the bed in that area and it was so hot that my hand jerked away . I ran into the bathroom , got a glass of water and threw it on my bed . Luckily , it had n't yet burned my mattress . I took the pillow and heating pad outside and stomped on them to make sure the fire was out . I checked my back and on that side , it was extremely red and tender.I guess the reason I did n't realize or feel it on fire was because when I had felt that intense heat on my back and turned the pad off before getting out of bed , I had moved the heating pad more to the left so that particular vibrater would n't be up against my back ... which I normally do each time I use it because of it becoming so hot around that specific area and the vibrator hurting my back as I mentioned before.I still do n't know what caused the fire . It was n't an actual blazing red fire that I could see . I had used the heating pad that morning for about 2 hours off and on and after faintly smelling the plastic burning odor , I had turned it off which tells me it continued burning even after I turned it off . It completely melted the plastic vibrator and melted/burned a large section of the pad itself around where the vibrator had been . It also melted/burned a small hole in my blanket and left 4 separate dark scorch/burn marks as well as dark scorch marks on my sheet . The foam pillow was smoldering and I could see red down into the pillow . It had burned about 1/3 of the pillow ... burning straight through the pillowcase.As I mentioned , I was home alone that day . It terrifies me to think of what might have happened if I had n't declined my husband and daughters offer to go out to eat -LRB- which is why they were gone -RRB- Would my entire house have burned down ? I was also comtemplating taking prescribed pain medication and laying down for a nap . Thank goodness I decided against that.This heating pad had been my favorite all these years because : ~ it has the massage feature on it and the high/low vibrate setting ~ it is larger than most regular heating pads ~ the soft material it is made of and it being lightweight ~ it is completely different than the standard heating pads ~ its buzzing noise from the vibrators although annoying , is quieter than some of the other massage pads I 've used . -LRB- but that 's not bragging -RRB- ~ I 've tried other heating & massage pads , ones that have a cover on them and those end up being scrunched together and smooshed out of shape , almost into a lob-sided ball & unable to flatten it back out - this pad is flat , thin and stays flat and those other heating pads vibrations would rattle your teeth ... even on low.The things I do n't like about it : ~ the power supply is unbelievably large and heavy - it takes up your entire outlet and at least 2 outlets on a power strip if you plug it in on the end plugs but then half of it hangs off of the power bar . ~ the cord running from the pad to the power supply cord is an irritating length that should be shortened or lengthened ; preferrably lengthened . I always used my pad in bed and the cord length was n't long enough to set the controller on my night stand or on the floor -LRB- it would just dangle and that caused me concern that perhaps the tension of cords hanging could be a fire hazzard over time -RRB- but was too long to set it next to me on the edge of the bed . The excess cord would be bunched up next to me and the controller would always falls off of the bed , hence disconnecting the pad from power . ~ the plastic controller would get hot to the touch ... that ca n't be a good thing . The controller is also uselessly large ~ you ca n't clean the pad ~ the velcro straps . At first I tried using them around my torso but it would n't stay in place if I moved so I eventually started cutting them off because they were only in the way and ... ~ the velcro straps are stiff and sharp/rough along the edges . If my arm rubbed across it , it would scrape my skin abd the edges of the end of the velcro strap are pointy and hurt if poked by one of them . ~ no control of the heat and it would become intense around the vibrators inside of the pad ~ there are only two small vibrators , one on each of the outer sides of the pad , therefore it 's really not a good purchase if you are trying to relieve back pain like I was doing . ~ the low massage setting was useless . Someone else mentioned it was like that of a cell phone set on vibrate ... my experience adds this
 For all the good this product does , I may as well have thrown $ 35.00 out of my car window .
 This pad has only one heat setting and the massage unit is loud and ineffective . We 've gone back to using our old standby unit that has to be at least 15 years old but has reliable , adjustable heat . This was a gift for my husband who was having back pain and I was embarrassed that it was so cheaply made .
 I am 6 months pregnant and my husband bought this for me because my feet have been hurting . I was so excited to use it . When I did use it I was very disappointed . First of all , the picture on the box does not show a cord to plug in the spa . To me , that is one major downfall . You have to be close enough to a plug in order to use it . Second , since I am pregnant it is very heavy carrying the spa from the sink to a plug . When I used it , it did make my feet feel good , but definiately not what I was expecting . It just was n't worth the effort . My husband massages my feet and that feels 10 times better than this foot spa . Also , it did not keep my warm water warm . After about 10 min . I could feel the water was not as hot as it was when I put it in there . Overall , I would say to buy a different one or have your husband massage your feet .
 This product is not worth the money . I looks hot but does really nothing . Has no vibrating contol and almost no vibe at all . Nice color is all I can say about it . I would return this product if there was a way to do it . It was a real disappointment . This was our first purchase of sex toys . It had no reviews when we were shopping . That should have been my first clue . It is very boring and we tried to use it in a variety of ways and even replaced the battery . SAVE YOUR MONEY . It was expensive too !
 That is another thing that is not good about this one . it has like 4 attachments , plus feet inserts that do not have any where to be stored in the unit . For me , that is a real pain cause it means I have more stuff to find room for and more stuff that can get eaten by our dog or lost by our 1 yr . old . The Dr. Scholl 's one has a compartment for those attachments as well . I am telling you , that one is better in all ways ! I should go work for Dr. Scholl!Also , those loofah things in the front , are useless . they do not offer much for roughness and i am sure would need to be replaced within a few uses otherwise they would get nasty ! yuck . horrible design this thing has !
 This product disappointed me in two important areas
 I 've always loved a hot tub of water to soak my feet at the end of a long day , and thought that adding some whirling jets and vibration could only add to the luxurious experience . Well , the time honored `` simple is better '' adage holds true here too . The item is big and bulky and by the time it has the water in it , it 's heavy too . The basin does n't seem deep enough , as my ankles stay dry -LRB- ankles need love too ! -RRB- . Also , the cord on the machine is relatively short considering you want to be sitting in a comfy chair at the same time . So you either need to hope your furniture is situated near an outlet , or drag out an extension cord . But MOST IMPORTANTLY , my biggest issue is the noise . Now , I did n't expect total silence from a vibrating machine , but this thing is LOUD ... and I have a really hard time unwinding when I 'm listening to an incessant and loud hum . Also , the water really does n't stay very warm . Overall , I would recommend sticking with the tried and true plastic tub of -LRB- motionless -RRB- water .
 took it back for the dr. scholl 's version . which is 10 times better . conairs heating did n't work good at all and its jets were weak . everything was weak about it . the dr. scholls version not only keeps the water warm , it will warm cooled water ! it also has an infrared unit which is n't offered on the others . the jets are very powerful , as well . i was surprised . i honestly did n't expect that out of any of them . save your money on the conair . it is way over priced .
 I requested and received this foot spa as a Christmas gift a year ago . Conair makes it sound like heaven ! Not even close . The heat mechanism does n't keep the water warm , it is LOUD -LRB- I have to turn the TV up insanely loud just to hear it -RRB- . Now I did n't expect it to be super quiet , but I did expect to be able to hear the TV at a normal level . After only a few uses , the jets stopped working . The vibration and bubbles are great and still work fine -LRB- vibrating and bubbling lukewarm water -RRB- , but that 's about it . The little `` hanger '' thing they expect you to store your pedicure attachments on is a JOKE . It kept falling off so I just threw it away after about a week of driving myself crazy with it . And because of that , I have now lost all the attachments that came with it . This unit is terribly over priced . I do n't even use it anymore . I use a regular motionless foot tub -LRB- one I got from the hospital actually -RRB- and it does just as good . Save your money !
 this things is not very good . i just bought it and took it back within hours . it does n't heat the water , like others on the market , and it does n't even keep it warm like it says . also the jets are very weak . i hate conair and only bought it cause the lady at the store said her daugher said it was the best one out there . i do n't even know how they stay in business . everything they make is usually done half-assed . i went back and went with my first instinct , the dr. scholls version . that one rocks ! not only does it actually heat cool water it also has an infrared unit on the front . the jets are very powerful and it has all the options of the other delux spa . trust me , there is a better deal out there !
 The box says `` Not intended for use in the U.S.A. '' and `` Labeling may differ from that in the U.S. -LRB- FDA -RRB- `` Also , the product expires in five months , which is something to keep in mind if you wanted to keep these on hand for longer than that .
 Siemans makes Multistix with about a 18 month `` use by date . '' The bottle I received had only 4 month use left.It is important to follow the use by date on these because certain tests strips will fail and you will start to get false positive readings . Leucocytes and Urobilinogin will be the first to start giving a false positive . Test strips can be useful for many reasons . Make sure that you throw these out by the `` use by date , '' they are not like eggs which can be eaten weeks after the use by date . Your bottle should have 12 months of `` life '' left in it .
 I called the company directly to get the expiration date before ordering , which was about 10 months away , which was acceptable . However , I did ask not what brand , since the description states specifically `` Multistix Bayer Urine Test Strips 10 SG , 100/box '' and the picture is of the Bayer Multistix 10-SG . I assumed it was more expensive than the other companies since it was the true Bayer product . I got the product today and it is the Siemens brand , which I could have ordered about $ 5-10 cheaper from other companies . The expiration date was what the person said . Just used it and it seems to work fine , but I do not have any other test strip to directly compare to in order to check its accuracy .
 I usually do n't leave a review , but after ordering this item I ordered Rapid Response , and I felt I should review this item . First off the box was cut open upon arrival , and the bottle was not sealed like it is supposed to be . The shipping box was not damaged so it was not a shipping issue . It also had an expiration date of only a few months left , but I have a disabled child and I need to monitor her for UTI 's constantly , and needed them as soon as I got them in the mail because I was out . They are not the USA multistix , instead they were Siemens multistix not intended for USA . They worked okay for what I was looking for , but some of the other blocks ran their colors together even if I took care to try to make sure that they did n't . They were no longer accurate after a few months , and the pads changed colors in the container . I ordered Rapid Response and they were cheeper and sealed with a full year left before expiration . I also have not had a problem with the colors running with Rapid Response . I would not order this product again .
 I ordered this product because it looked like an excellent mix & quantity of probiotics . Unfortunately , the other ingredients were n't listed . I never would have purchased it had I known it contained a potato ingredient . I experience a reaction to potatoes . This site should consider including ALL ingredients of products so that those with allergies or sensitivities to certain ingredients can avoid purchasing products containing those allergens .
 The calorie to protein ratio for these bars in general are great . I 've done the chocolate and peanut butter and smores ones , and they are all pretty good . These , however , are definitely at the bottom in terms of flavor . At least they are a break from chocolate , but IMO this is kind of chemical-y in taste .
 While the other two types I have tried where excellent -LRB- peanut butter/choc and straw shortcake -RRB- , this one was sour , hard , and overall inedible . This might have something to do with the best by date being two months in the future from the arrival date -LRB- the others had over a year to go on theirs -RRB- .
 these bars arrive smashed , melting and stale . . taste like cardboard with , dried blueberrie jam spread around on them ... awful
 I bought this product because I wanted to try an Omega-3 product . Super Fisol had a coating that is supposed to lessen the occurrence of nausea . For me , that did n't happen . Instead , I ended up with daily headache , stomach pain , and a disturbing change in the way food tasted . The only positive thing that happened was that my skin temporarily cleared up . Luckily , I seem to have suffered no permanent damage from this unpleasant experience .
 My wife starting complaining that I had bad breath . It would not go away with brushing , tongue cleaning ... you name it . The bad breath went away as soon as I stopped taking this product .
 I had to throw this away because the inside seal was removed . It was very suspicious because the enteric coating was a different color from the Fisol I have been buying at Whole Foods forever . I will go back to more expensive but safe quality at Whole Foods .
 Tried it for 3 months or more - but it did nothing for the hot flashes . I tried it following recommendations and reviews - at first I thought there might be a relief , but it was n't enough of a relief nor long enough .
 I tried this product after seeing a youtube video of a women talking about how the product helped her with PMS and cramping after using it the product just did not agree with me it made my body temperature rise , later found out after researching this product its to help with your sex drive this product did not nothing for my sex drive or PMS it was a waste for me but maybe it will work for you .
 Maca should be used in greater quantity for therapeutic benefits - it 's always been eaten as a food , not in small amounts as an herb . Maca was bred in the Andes as a source of food , with some medicinal benefits . Maca is best considered a bulk supplement , and used in quantity like protein powder . For years now I 've used it in quantities of 1 tablespoon or more / day . I use the `` black root gelatinized '' maca which is n't bitter to taste , and is 6x concentrated over the raw flours . These capsules are a good concentration - the main issue is that they just do n't give you enough of the product for rich therapeutic effects . There 's a big difference between these small capsule amounts , and teaspoon/tablespoon bulk quantites . This is important because maca has a dense nutritional matrix , both nutrients and phytochemicals -LRB- macanes , macamides -RRB- play into it 's effectiveness . It 's hard to get all the benefits from the small amounts found in capsules . I have used capsules , but now prefer the warm ` kick ' of a black gelatinized maca .
 Ive been takin this maca root for about one month now ... almost done with my first bottle ... and i will not be takin my second bottle ... this maca root broke my face out sooo bad and never changed my mood or nothing ! It may work for someone else ... but it didnt work or do nothin for me !!!! Sorry . . good luck to everyone else ...
 Ive tried maca root for several reasons and they did the opposite effect . I have very clear skin and I drink a lot of water and have a very strict diet . When I took this maca root it broke my face out right away and my energy levels did NOT approve . I think this brand would be best used for ladies who are looking to lose weight , because I definitely lost weight which was not my goal . But if you are looking for your booty to grow , I would n't purchase this brand .
 Thought this product was alright till my perfect hair started to fall out , stomach pains head aches and anxiety . They dont even mention the horrible effects of this product they hide them .
 this stuff makes you gain weight ... lots of weight ! it does give you energy but it puts pounds on your arms legs and thighs ... hard to lose .
 I had been purchasing Macafem for ~ $ 30 a bottle and was looking for some cheaper alternatives . Based on all the positive reviews this supplement received I was super excited to try it and also was delighted by the surprisingly low price . In this case I received exactly what I paid for . The effects are nothing in comparison and it leaves a horrible aftertaste .
 These capsules made my stomach ache . The stomach pain went away after I stopped taking the capsules . I was n't able to take the capsules long enough to see any results . So I other than the stomach discomfort , I would n't be able to review this product
 Ok so i bought this product but when i got it it was the dietary supplements which is n't what i wanted i wanted the herb , are they the same as the herbal supplements , it came in a different shaped bottle as well . can SOME ONE PLEASE HELP ME . !!!!!!! DID THIS HAPPEN TO ANYONE ELSEE . ?????
 Took two and they were nasty ! If you do not mind the taste then ignore me and move on to another review ... if you are funny about it though ... look for something else .
 I tried maca root because I was looking for pills to make my butt look bigger . I looked up bigg butt pills , maca root popped up . Never again will I use it . It made my abdominal area big .
 1st of all eat before taking product or you will feel sick2nd of all your breast will grow just after 2 weeks , which I do not like3rd of all will not increase but-tock size just breast size4th of all product do work , and I will not purchase again
 I 've heard great things and was excited to try Maca . What concerns me is that vitamin E is listed as an ingredient in this product , but the amount is left off of the label . If you are like me and take other vitamin supplements as well , you need to make sure you are n't over doing it on some areas . Since I have no way of knowing how much vitamin E is in this product , I feel uncomfortable taking it with my other multivitamins . High doses of vitamin E are not good for you . It would n't have taken the company much work to fix this inconsistency , but I wo n't buy this product again unless it 's properly labelled . It 's cheaper than other brands , but I 'll pay a little more in the future to not have to worry .
 would n't purchas it agiandid n't have any good point , it cause me to gain 15 lb within to weeksms.k from okchoma city
 *** MASTIC
 I had to send the glasses back because they did n't fit around my head . One size fits all ? Huh .
 I was really excited when I saw these reading glasses that split at the nose bar , how nifty , just wear them looped over the back of your neck and click the lens part together whenever you have to read the fine print . Great idea , but the execution of the idea is not for everyone . The back piece is also hard plastic , rigid , and if you have long hair , you have to lift them out from under your hair and place the plastic back strip at your mid-skull level , fit them on your ears and then fit the front parts together and snap . From the back you end up looking like you are wearing an external orthodontic apparatus . I 'd like to see the company put a string in place of the hard plastic that loops around your neck . The magnetic clip that brings the two lenses together in the front is a fabulous idea , and having the two lenses hanging off to the sides instead of a whole pair of glasses swaying across your front is so much more comfortable and out of the way - it 's just the rigid frame at the back that makes me wonder if anyone really tried using these things before they were mass manufactured .
 The thing I liked best about these reading glasses is the quality of the lens.The thing I liked least about these reading glasses is : difficult to handle around my neck ; they felt awkward ; had trouble trying to put them on or take them off with one hand ; at least with glasses on a rope I can do the one-hand put on or take off ; not easy to carry with me ; no case to put them in and the do n't fit in my purse to take along ; maybe if they folded up somehow.These glasses are not for me but they might work for others . Not a bad product , just not what I need .
 These glasses do not work . not only do they look cheap -LRB- worst of plastic ever ! -RRB- they do not fit anyone properly !! and the lenses are even worst ! they fog up so easily , scratch even with tissue and none of the four i bought have the right prescribed reading grade . save your money - not even worth a penny . ''
 I think the glasses are too heavy . I also do n't like the fact that they do not collapse and fit into a standard glasses case . There is no practical way too store them when not wearing them .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing two pair of these glasses as a gift . I guess it was also my fault for not reading the fine print to know that I had only 30 days in which to return the brand new , unused items . Since I purchased them in advance , and they were n't given as a gift until after the 30 day deadline , I 'm unable to return them without taking a significant loss -LRB- I can get only 80 % of the value plus I have to pay postage . They definitely do NOT fit someone who has even a slightly larger than normal head .
 My wife 's readers came with the wrong RX for the lenses . We ordered 175 and they came as 150 's . The frame and the sticker both said 175 but I had them checked and they were 150 's . I was wondering how I could get extenders or longer arms for my glasses .
 The idea is great , but they are way to small even for the average size persons head . Hopefully they will read this and make the strap adjustable . Clics would sell millions more if the do .
 The idea seemed pretty neat for someone like me who has trouble keeping up with their reading glasses . If you have a very small head and small neck these glasses may be just a little uncomfortable for you . If not , do n't waste your money !
 While this is a very good idea and I was going to have them fitted with my working lenses , my head measures 221/2 inches at the bridge of the nose and the fit is too tight for comfort .
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 This product less than works . Instead of wasting your time using this product , just do n't do anything and you 'll have the same results . I love all of the Seventh Generation paper and feminine products , but I do n't understand how people think their cleaning products work . They do n't . Far more superior are the Ecover products . They all smell wonderful and do what they claim , fabulously . Now only if they 'll come up with a carpet cleaner ...
 So I have a high end Super-Multi-Coated filter and now it has swirl marks . I pre-cleaned the surface first to remove heavy grit and dirt . This is a blower and finally light swabbing with a Pec * Pad . Then switched over to the Eclipse liquid and followed instructions . As a previous reviewer had done , I looked over the surface with a high intensity light and could see fine marks ... It was later I tried to clean a junk lens and moved the pad in a linear direction and tested under light and found the fine scratches in the direction of the cleaning . So I would say that this is not as safe as claimed . It also leaves residues behind from either the pad or the oils that are loosened , but not absorbed so I would only be pushing the oils around . My micro-fiber cloths are far better ... infinitely better and pass all light tests for scratches . It looks like I should go back to microfiber cloths at $ 7 bucks a pop and keep retiring them every dozen uses ... $ $ $ .
 Well , the package says lint-free and non-abrasive and both statements are true . The problem is , you can not use these pads to clean a lens , it only ends up smearing and making the problem worse ! I bought these with the hope of placing a drop of lens cleaning solution and then using these to buff my lens clean of oil and smudges and these pads only make the problem 10x worse ! They are 100 % non-absorbent so they leave a smeared mess all over the lens . I was really hoping this was the good stuff . Instead , I just wasted 10 bucks .
 I heard great review about these wipes . Yes they are lint free , but when i wipe my lenses with them they leave some sort of oily film on the surface . Or they just spread out what was already on the lens . I am not using them .
 I tried my best to use these photowipes in accordance with the instructions but I nevertheless ruined two irreplacable slides in the process . After that I mainly used my photo editing software to remove blemages ... . a slow but safe process .
 I was cleaning some old slides with these `` non-abrasive '' pads while using the PEC cleaner . It left very fine scratches on theses 50 year old slides . buyer beware
 I never write reviews on Amazon but the pec pads have 4 stars and I find it very misleading . I want to save someone from repeating my mistake . I purchased the pecs pads to wipe my lenses and camera body and replace the need for microfiber clothes.These pads leave the ugliest residue on the surface of the lenses and Camera LCD . Its is VERY noticeable . I literally ended up diagnosing myself with OCD after trying to clan it off . I literally spent 30-40 minutes trying to get the residue off my lens . I would take a picture to show you , but I do not want to go through that again.FYI
 The wipers work great . No complaint . However , you only need one or two at a time and the other 98 or 99 will dry out and become useless unless you take some care . I used these at work and unfortunately did not have a zip lock bag handy . By the time I got home that evening the others were just tissues . Before you open the package , have your zip lock bag ready and maybe even put a damp paper towel in the bag with this package to keep the sheet moist .
 THESE ARE THE WORSE ONES I HAVE TRIED ... . THEY LEAVE SO MUCH LINT ON THE BLANKET ... . THEY ARE NOT FOR MY PRESS . I FOUND THE RIGHT ONES AT HIGH TEC INDUSTRIES ... . EXCELLENT FOR THE DIGITAL PRESS .
 I tested these Pec Pads with Eclipse cleaning solution on a lens filter that was already 99 % clean to see if I could get it to 100 % . The Pec Pads left a smeared residue on the filter . I retested the Eclipse with a microfiber cloth , and the residue disappeared . So the Pec Pads created the residue . Stick to microfiber cloth , folks ! And Eclipse works no better than pure isopropyl -LRB- not rubbing -RRB- alcohol , which is much cheaper and available at your local drugstore .
 Buy Kimwipes here on Amazon instead , they 're cheaper and much higher quality.Kimwipes are lab grade disposable cleaning cloths , check the reviews for all their uses . I use them for hunters scopes and binoculars and they 're great.They can even be used with lens cleaning solution and do n't break down after just one use or leave micro particles behind like these can .
 I have no problem with the quality of the product . It is just way , way , way too expensive . Over $ 2.00 for an 8 oz container . I will not buy it again , unless the price is reduced substantially .
 I bought this before I knew what `` homeopathy '' was . It had no effect on my dog at all . I 've since learned what the 5x means on the side of the bottle . In homeopathy the `` x '' is the number of times the ingredient has been diluted with 100 parts water . In other words , this means it contains absolutely no trace of the `` active ingredient '' . Call it whatever you want
 I have n't seen any difference using this and I do n't think.it does what it claims . I would n't buy it again
 Did not do what it said it would ! Disappointed ! Would n't recommend to anyone ! Waste of money . Could n't even tell I took it .
 After reading all the wonderful reviews on this product , I became very excited in trying it . You see , I have been suffering from anxiety attacks for a few months now and I wanted to try something natural before going on prescription meds . I do n't know , maybe my anxiety is too severe for this product but I felt absolutely nothing . I also tried Rescue Remedy more then a few times to give it a chance . I mean , I really wanted this to work.To make sure it was not just me I gave some to my mother who is going through menopause and goes through slight bouts of anxiety as well . She told me it actually made her feel `` jittery '' and left a bad taste in her mouth . My therapist taught me some special breathing exercises that instantly calm me down . I 'm going to do that instead , it costs nothing and is more effective . I 'm happy that it 's worked for other reviewers , though for me putting drops of vodka under my tongue would have had the same effect .
 Did n't work for me.I know people who swear by it though.Everyone is different.What did work for me is Natural Calm Magnesium .
 I bought this for occasional anxiety . I 'm not sure if it works for me or if it 's mere placebo effect.I personally think it smells like alcohol -LRB- booze -RRB- and feel a little self-conscious about my breath after I use thisas I do not drink and would n't want someone to think I had . I 'm truly glad it works for so many others but I do n't thinkI would purchase it again.UPDATE
 I experience anxiety at times and a general feeling of edginess . I was hoping this might be of help after reading many of the reviews here . I found no benefit whatsoever . I even doubled the dosage and no effect . Tried it before sleep as well , but no difference . Breathing techniques I find to be much more beneficial to bring a sense of calm on .
 We bought this on the recommendation of a local groomer as a way to relax our long haired cat who does n't like brushing . Our cat took it without much problem , but he started running around like crazy . He fought the brushing process with his usual `` stop pulling my hair or I 'll bite you '' demeanor . So , it did n't hardly relax or `` rescue '' anybody . I noticed before we purchased it that the main ingredient is alcohol , so I suggested to the missus that we skip buying this product and spend a few dollars more to just get a bottle of Jack Daniels . At least that way , I could have been relaxed if my cat was n't . The missus was afraid I would n't give the cat the right `` dose '' of Tennessee medicine , and she really wanted to give Bach 's a try . It just did n't work . So now we 're stuck with an expensive medicine dropper in a tiny bottle of homeopathic booze . My wife 's disappointed and frustrated . My cat 's tangled and matted . I 'm dry and sober . Sigh .
 I have no comment . I see nothing valuable in this product . It just does not seem to do as they claim . I see alot of that . Maybe it 's just me !
 The 1st time I tried this , it felt like it did work a little . The effect was very subtle if anything . I actually think it might have been the high alcohol content ... As I also tried the pastilles which have no alcohol & they have no effect at all . Thumbs down . I try to be fair but I must be honest when I say that after the 1st dose I did not notice any effect at all .
 I bought this because a local vet recommended it for keeping my cat from freaking out and voiding itself everywhere on an upcoming car trip . I wish I 'd read the label before purchasing it , because it 's a homeopathic treatment . If you do n't know what that is , the idea behind it is that water has `` memory '' and the more you dilute something , the stronger it magically becomes . If you do n't understand my scorn because you have friends who swear by homeopathy , try diluting Kook-Aid twenty or thirty times and then tell me how much sweeter it becomes!Long story short , I got to listen to my cat howl for three hours while she peed and pooped all over the carrier . Of course , maybe I broke the homeopathy somehow , since I gave her twice the recommended dose .
 My local pet store suggested this as a way to calm my dog down . Without really looking at the label , we went ahead and bought a bottle . I did 4 or 5 drops right on her tongue , and it did n't work at all . Zero effect . Which should n't surprise anyone , since it 's just brandy mixed with water that 's had flowers waved at it . Furthermore , some research online shows that it 's been proven not to work
 In a Google search for Bach Rescue Remedy shows there is no evidence that Bach Rescue Remedy is any more effective than a placebo : `` Flower remedies ''
 I bought this hoping it would be the miracle cure all the other reviewers report it to be but it was not . Do n't waste you money like i did.If you are looking for something like this to calm or energize you try different fragrances of essential oils . You put them on your neck and enjoy the aroma for a couple of hours then reapply as needed . If you are looking for a skin tonic try Absorbine Jr it comes in a shampoo . Also do n't forget about rubbing alcohol .
 I bought this after reading so many glowing endorsements , and I really wanted it to work , but it does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for me . Nothing!Lesson -LRB- re -RRB- learned
 Love Dr.Oz but this was a joke . I think the only calming thing was perhaps taking a few moments to put the drops under your tongue . Save your money , get an eye dropper from your pharmacy and put water under your tongue , same effect .
 I thought value pack meant two bottles but only one was inside the box.I do n't know if this works or not . It 's 42 % alcohol . I think that would be enough to calm anyone down but you 'd have to take the entire bottle . I do n't think it works .
 This stuff is nothing . tastes horrible , and does not affect mood at all . also had a few friends try it to see if it was just me ... same results . out of 6 people that tried it , 0 are convinced it 's anything but bad tasting magic water . if anyone gets any effect it 's not from the drops ... it 's just placebo effect . just have someone bottle tic-tacs and tell you there magic happy pills ... it will work the same and taste better .
 I ordered this product for my Hedgehog , as suggested by several knowledgeable Hedgehog owners . It was supposed to calm him down and make him less anxious.While he calmed down a little bit , he also stopped running , which he normally does all night , and became lethargic . I 'm aware that this product probably is n't intended for animals ... But one thing that all of these reviews failed to mention was that the small bottle you order contains 20 % alcohol . So you 're pretty much paying a ridiculously high price for 8 oz , when you could go get a bottle or Bacardi for much less .
 Like other users have said , this product had zero effect on me . I have pretty bad anxiety and take an SSRI every day , and have Xanax on hand for as-needed use , so perhaps it 's just not strong enough for me , but taking it was no different than drinking gross water .
 Tried this product because Dr. Oz recommended it but it did n't seem to do much for me . Only used it a couple of times but I did n't notice much difference .
 This product did not seem to have any effect at calming down my new retired greyhound . I put it directly on treats at several intervals throughout the day -LRB- maybe 3 hours apart -RRB- and noticed absolutely no change in her nervous behavior . A `` KONG '' filled up with treatas and then frozen worked better .
 product seems effective at times , other times totally ineffective . In any case I would rate it 's success as marginal . perhaps a 3 or4 on a scale of 10 . For the price I would not repurchase the product ...
 I bought this product because I was under the understanding it was 5 flower herbs that helped with anxiety . To my surprise was the inactive ingredient was alcohol .
 I saw this on Dr. Oz and figured I 'd try it . Who does n't have stress in their lives ? So there is an eyedropper in bottle . You use 4 drops and you are supposed to feel magically better . I ca n't believe I fell for this . It tasted like Whiskey . It is a dropperful of alcohol . That 's it . If I am going to have a whiskey to calm me , I 'd rather have a Jameson on the rocks . -LRB- jk -RRB-
 I did a great deal of research before purchasing this product . It seems to work for A LOT of people . But it did absolutely nothing for me . At one point I even said eff the dropper , and dumped like half of the contents into my water bottle . Still nothing . So I guess it really depends on the person ! Perhaps this product is more ideal for those who are dealing with minor stress and/or anxiety . I have SEVERE anxiety . Maybe I just need some stronger stuff .
 Either I 'm too messed up that this thing does not work on me or it does not work at all . I would even squirt this thing in my mouth three times a day and it would not work . But then again , I 'm on anti-anxiety medication and maybe this is for someone who has occasional stress . Good luck .
 Do not use the human version on your pets as it really burns . It burned my digestive tract and stomach after two uses . Really painful . Use the pet version without alcohol on your pets so it does n't burn them . My dog used to fight it and I realized that it was burning her . I tried it and it burned me . Now she and I both use the pet version and we gave the human version to my husband . My dog loves the pet version and she begs for it but will fight the human version `` tooth and nail '' . Please believe me because the poor little things ca n't tell you that it is burning them .
 This is just watered down booze . Might as well save your money and take a shot of the real stuff . Plus , do n't use this on your animals without researching first ! many dogs/cats are allergic to herbs and giving an animal alcohol is never a good thing !
 A friend recommended this product to me , and I ordered it without really reading a lot about it . When it arrived I read the label and realized the main ingredients are alcohol and water . Maybe this product does work for some people , or maybe it 's the placebo effect I read about , but it did nothing for me except give me booze breath.Sorry , but this is one homeopathic remedy that does n't contain enough of anything to be effective.I gave the bottle to the friend who recommended it .
 This product was recommended to me by a friend who said it was `` God-inspired . '' I found that it has no effect on me . I am currently under a lot of stress , but the Rescue Remedy has n't helped at all . Now , it works wonderfully for my friend , so I think it just depends on how individual bodies respond to it . For me it did n't work , but for someone else , it might . I guess you just have to try it out and see .
 I hate to give a bad review to this because it sounded like a wonderful product and seems to have worked for some others . Unfortunately , I can not tell a difference from taking this product . I am disappointed -LRB- aside from the wasted money -RRB- since I long to find a `` natural '' anxiety reliever .
 I did n't notice much of a difference when I used this . I used it on a number of occassions -LRB- 4 drops under the toungue -RRB- and it did n't really affect my nerves . Looking at the ingredients , it contains 27 % alcohol along with all the other natural stuff so I was n't sure how much of the herbs were working vs. the alcohol . I would n't disregard it as a possible solution , but for folks with true anxiety issues , I do n't see this as a viable solution .
 Did n't work for me - but everyones different . I always give something a fair shot - this one just did n't seem to help . Good luck for the rest of you .
 My doctor suggested I take iron and that this would be highly absorbable and not cause constipation . Well , if it was absorbable I ca n't say . I did n't feel any different energy wise . As for the latter , I was taking this product as well as magnesium and had constipation . I 've never had magnesium cause that , so I can only assume that it was this product or the combination of the two . Others may not have this problem .
 I bought this item from Nutricity almost 2 months before Christmas , as the central part of a gift for my mother-in-law , the woman who already has everything . When my shipment arrived , there were no pocket diffusers , just a bunch of the refill diffuser pads that go with this item.I contacted the company , only to be told that they could do nothing until I returned the wrong items . Since they add 5-7 days to the shipping -LRB- this is the time Nutricity says it takes them to put your items in a box & ready it for shipping -RRB- I told them that there was no way I could do that and still get the item in time for Christmas . They did n't care . When I said that fine then I would make a new order if they would please get it in the mail a bit quicker this time , as it had taken them almost 3 weeks the first time & by now there was less than 2 weeks until Christmas . I was told that I would have to place the order online & that they could n't really rush the order along any faster than their regular 5-7 days.After more talking , in which I became more & more amazed at their paltry `` service , '' it was discovered that in fact the item number they had sent me was the correct number ... but that the item listed online was not the item listed in their inventory . They sell their customers this pocket diffuser , but fill the order with the diffuser pads . They blamed other merchants for giving them bad information , and took no responsibility for selling a product that essentially did not exist , at least not in their inventory.I was stunned today when I happened across the same listing . Apparently my problem/complaint was taken so lightly that the company did n't even bother pulling the item from their listings . So , if you are interested in this item ... I ca n't tell you if the item itself is any good . I still have n't gotten one , and never will from Nutricity , because they do n't have one for sale ! So if you want to try out the Aura Cacia Aromatherapy Accessories Pocket Diffuser ... look for a different merchant who has it for sale . This one is a real dud -LRB- of a listing , not necessarily a product -RRB- .
 I did n't anticipate how big the tabs were and I just could not swallow tehma nd did n't return thema nd so ended up wasting money and maybe ; a good product !
 I really did n't feel this product helped as much as the drops under the tonque and I did n't like the taste . Where the drops are tasteless .
 SHOULD BE TITLED `` TOILET UNSAFETY FRAME '' . ARMS ARE EXTREMELY WOBBLY . ARMS CAN NOT SAFELY HOLD WEIGHT . BAD DESIGN . DO NOT BUY !! 1
 This unit is not as sturdy as I would like for my mother . The back attaches underneath the scres for the toilet seat so it will stay on but the sides wobble significantly and my mother became frightened when she used them . I finally took it off .
 I bought this item on 9/24/11 via Amazon site for $ 45.98 for our use , both in our eighties . Received a few day later . Installed by professional maintenance . Immediately apparent that the arms wobbled so much that it was unsafe for us to use . Immediately dismantled , repacked in original box . Vendor notified within 48 hours . Requested return authorization as product so unsafe , among other things . Vendor denied return , cited fine print regarding no return of these products once opened . How does one know if product defective without opening ?!! Note that on current website product has been considerably reduced after my complaint . I 'm disputing the charge . This is a product with arms that wobble so much it is unsafe for us . In our opinion a shoddy , dangerous , item that should never be sold to seniors . Had I known this , I would never have bought this product . I 'll certainly be very wary of anything this vendor sells in the future .
 The initial problem I have with this product is that a daily dosage -LRB- 3 twice daily -RRB- requires 6 pills . With 60 in a bottle you are essentially buying a 10 day supply . Worth it ? Wow ... do the math.I would give it a 0 stars , but it does actually work as a dieuretic , just a very pricey one . There are much easier ways to relieve bloating and water weight!I notice many of the 5 star reviewers have reviewed NO other products on amazon as well . That alone causes me concern -LRB- red flag ?? -RRB- .
 You get 60 capsules but you have to take 3 of them twice a day so essentially , it 's a 10 day program/supply . The bottle says nothing about the duration of time you need to take it to achieve effects but I did the 10 day `` program '' and I feel just as bloated as I did before I started . It may work differently on everyone but for me , it came down to paying over $ 2 a day for pills that did n't do what they claimed.Also , many other reviewers claim that the product works BECAUSE it makes them go # 1 a lot but the directions instruct you to take the pills with a large glass of water and to drink AT LEAST 8 glasses of water throughout the day so if this is more water than you normally consume ; yes , you will be running to the bathroom more often than normal .
 Thought this would help with water retention , and it did nothing . Not worth taking those horse size pills every morning .
 I took this as directed with the adequate amount of water PLUS some more , along with Thyrotril & a carb-blocker & other than voiding a bit more I had zero weight loss & felt/looked/was just as bloated as always .
 The description clearly states package of 3 . There are 15 per clip . This would make a total of 45 . hansonent4 sent a package of 2 for a total of 30 tips . You do the math . Recommend this vendor . No way.The actual postage paid by hansonent4 was $ 1.39 USPS . Take a look how much they charge !
 This is the worst tasting product ever . It smells like death . We have to hold our five year-old down kicking and screaming to give her a teaspoon . try the lemon-lime flavor . It is better .
 This stuff smells awful and tastes worse . I ca n't get a single dose into my child , and I 'm not willing to hold him down kicking and screaming . I wo n't take it - why should he ? He 's already got enough sensory issues to deal with that this is just torture . Terrible product !
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I was watching TV in my sisters room when i realized i needed to change my pad . The only pads she had were these always ultra thin regular pads with flexi-wings . These pads were SO uncomfortable . Not only did it feel like i was wearing the biggest baby diaper on the market but it the material of the wings and the end of sides of the pad were digging in to my skin . Finally after about a half an hour , it started to scrunch up and lose shape so it was less painful . I do n't reccomend this product . You are better off using Stayfree of Kotex .
 The company did not send me what I ordered which was this particular PowerBar Pria Carb Select Peanut Butter Crunch Brand . I love this brand . Unfortnately , I sent the order back and have not been credited yet .
 I 'm a huge fan of the Pria line , but these are not like the others - they are heavier and a little grainy . I do n't hate them , but will not buy them again . The flavor is pretty good though , just not what I was expecting . I highly recommend the Pria 110 calorie line - the vanilla is my favorite but the peanut butter and others are close behind.Thanks
 I love these bars , they are high in protien , and are good supplements , How ever The 3 boxes I got were all expired . Beware of sale items on bars like this .
 Take it from a veteran who has been using Gilette products for years and tried them all , the high tech Fusions are not as good as the Mach 3 Turbo and Mach 3 Power . The Mach 3 is better than the Mach 3 Trubo or Power . The Sensor Excell is better than the Mach 3 and the Sensor is better then the Sensor Excell.The sensor is better than the Mach 3 becasue the handle is at an angle to your skin . The handle on the Mach 3 is parallel to your skin . Its much easier to hold the razor at an angle to your skin rather than parallel to it.Since the Sensor cost less then the Mach 3 , in my book , it does not have to do better than the Mach 3 just get close it in terms of quality . The Sensor does eqauly as well as the Mach 3 . It comes right down to the handle , do you want the handle parallel to your skin with your hand draging along the skin getting in the way or do you want it at an angel to the skin out of the way , in my book I like it away from the skin not getting into everything . May try the Bump Fighter which costs even less then the sensor and see if it does close to the sensor.Why pay more I would preferr to pay less .
 I have the UR3 strap on dildo from Doc Johnson and I like it a lot because it 's super soft and feels like real skin -LRB- I think some brands call it cyberskin -RRB- . The only problem is that it 's not stiff enough , certainly not as stiff as the real thing . This dildo says its made from 2 different kinds of silicones , so I thought it would be just like the UR3 but with a stiffer core . It is stiffer , but the outer layer of silicone just is n't soft enough for me . I also wish the dildo was a little slimmer with a more pronounced head . I thought I was a fan of the Tantus brand , but so far the only product of theirs that I love is the Feeldoe . Oh , one last complaint ... our revolution dildo had a small nick in the silicone when we got it and I 'm afraid that bacteria may hide there even if I wash it thoroughly .
 Liked the feel of the material of the product , but the circumference was larger than expected -LRB- seemed to be larger than avertized -RRB- 6 inches around . My wife did not care for it at all ; she threw it out .
 Maybe this product worked for others but it did nothing to help with my Shingles rashes . However , it makes for quite a nice cuticle cream and it was not expensive .
 It is likely that this product is fine for adhering something to your body if your goal is complete inactivity following adhesion . For the purpose of running , I use patellar taping as a way to reduce knee pain . However , I usually make it about 20 minutes before I sweat the tape off -LRB- rendering it useless , if you missed the implications -RRB- . I bought this product on the recommendation that it would keep the tape in place by being magically impervious to sweat . It did not help keep the tape in place ; in fact , I only made it 10 minutes before the tape fell off . I really have no one to blame but myself for wistfully believing in the purported abilities of this adhesive . I can not comment on its ability to adhere other products or devices to the skin ; however , based on my experience of trying to reinforce the adhesive ability of an already sticky product , I would not recommend this spray for other uses . If you really want something to stay , place the product in the desired location on your body and then apply a length of duct tape sufficient to accommodate the circumference of body part and product , plus a little extra for good measure .
 I suppose these bars are nutritionally sound , but I found the taste lacking , the satisfaction wanting , the crispness crispy . The chocolate coating tasted artificial , almost bitter . There was n't much of a peanut butter taste in there either . Do n't think I 'd want these again . To each his/her own .
 hard t put together and i had more traction on my chin , mouth and teeth then my neck . not happy with it .
 I do n't know that you get any help from this . It is very uncomfortable and feels like it is pulling your teeth up . This should pull straight up on your neck and it feels like it pulls your chin up instead . If I try to keep my chin down , it feels like it is going to pull my teeth out of line . Would not recommend .
 The traction does n't make my neck/back feel the same as it did in the pt 's office . Nothing wrong with the unit , just not the same results .
 It was too difficult to assemble and connect by myself . I modified it by attaching another s-hook to the water weight so I could remove it without disassembling the device . Also , the chin strap needs to be adjustable for a smaller head . I 'm an average-sized adult woman and the hook-and-loop straps were too long to make it comfortable so I will modify them also . I guess it boils down to it being inexpensive and `` You get what you pay for . ''
 We already had a traction kit exactly like the one pictured for this product , so when time to replace it , we thought we were ordering the same thing . However , the kit we received was not the same and , overall , was of lesser quality.The harness was slightly improved , but the door bracket was different -LRB- smaller -RRB- and the bar with pulley wheels was coated with some kind of shiny metal that was flaking off in big chunks making a mess . The water bag was a completely different design than that pictured and seemed not as durable.If we had to depend on this kit , I would have returned it . But , because the harness was our greatest need , and because the new one was slightly improved over our current one , I set all but the harness aside and considered the kit 's price to be worth getting the new harness -LRB- we did n't know where we could get a replacement -RRB- . Finally , the instructions were shoddy , not adequate for guiding a new user.I agree with customer reviews stating that this type of traction kit is wonderfully affective , but I can not recommend the `` bait-and-switch '' product we received .
 This item was not what I expected , but the service was good and quick . Unfortunately , was not able to return it as it was a `` personal product '' .
 ** I received the item with no issues ** I 'm not going to give a full review because I tried assembling and was n't quite sure how to place my chin in the strap ** I have n't used it after trying so maybe it 's me maybe it 's the equipment ** Not recommended
 I was very disappointed with this product . -LRB- OTC Over Door Cervical Traction Kit -RRB- It was supposed to be EASY assembly but apparently had not been checked to see if the parts would go together before it was shipped . The ends did not fit into their corresponding parts . I had to get tools and bend things around to get it to work . I am very unhappy with the very poor fit of the parts and the amount of time it took to put something together that should have just slid right together !
 I might have given this product more stars if I had gotten the chance to try it . So far it has not been shipped to me . Not happy right now .
 Returned this product after ordering because my mom had one already and we did not know so we just used hers .
 Thought it was going to work but no , it hurt me instead . The metal was n't fitted properly and when you put it up , it might fall off and hurt you . It fell off and hit me because the metal bar is n't properly able to fit into the socket/hole . The chin thing also was cutting into my chin and hurting too . I do n't know why other people said it worked for them . That was why I bought it ... but sure did not work for me . Hurt me was more like it . I am returning this item .
 This product showed that it was new and never used . It came in a box with NO plastic wrapping around it , and no directions or invoice . All I can think is that someone else has used the traction unit before . We paid for a new product and got nothing but a used piece of material . I am disgusted and will be contacting the credit card to make certain the charges are disputed . Very very bad !
 I have used traction before and recently purchased this one . It hurts my chin and becomes painful only after a few short minutes . It has been several years since I have used traction but I do not remember it hurting like this .
 Do n't bother with this one ! Does n't stay in place , flimsey , very hard to find a way to tie off the bag . Looks like the Zimmer model one but not even close .
 After reading the reviews on this I thought this device was probably a good bet and worth trying . The set up was easy , although the device seems a bit cumbersome . However , possibly due to the shape of my head the harness hurts my jaw and I could not tolerate it .
 Not happy with this device.This product is NOT for anyone with jaw problems!It can cause exacerbation of TMJ and/or loose teeth.There should be a Warning in the product description !
 THERE 'S NO ASSISTANCE FOR RETURNS.I 'VE PURCHASE 4 ITEMS FROM THIS COMPANY.I HAVE ONE ITEM THAT I DO NOT AND AM FORCED TO RETURN.MY PHYSICIANS ASKED ME TO NOT USE IT BECAUSE OF TMJ ISSUES.NO RMA # PROVIDED . YOU MUST PAY TO RETURN THIS PRODUCT.THEY THEN CHARGE YOU AN OUTRAGEOUS PRICE FOR RESTOCKING .
 It arrived with a `` L '' shaped tear in the water bag . Unable to contact company to get a replacement
 My neck has been hurting alot for some months -LRB- chiropractor messed me up -RRB- . I bought this in hopes of fixing the problem . The package arrived on time . Upon opening it I found the instruction paper . It has a funny drawing on it of a man 's head and about a small paragraphs worth of information with no advice on how long you should use it , etc. . The clanky device was kinda annoying , but I wanted relief so I was happy to try it . I first put 10 lbs . of water in and tried it . Not enough weight . I went to 14 lbs . and was happy with the pull . It was pretty uncomfortable , but nothing that was unbearable if the product would get rid of my neck pain . I mean , I read the reviews here before buying the product and identified with the symptoms of the one that says it is `` Saving My Life '' -LRB- neck crunching sounds , sometimes I would turn my head side to side and it would sound like two smooth stones rubbing together -RRB- . I truly wanted this thing to work . I sat in the chair and left it on for 20 minutes or so . I did not notice any dramatic change at first . Upon the third time using it -LRB- within a week or so of my purchase -RRB- , the rope snapped while I was just sitting there -LRB- 14 lbs . of water in the 20 lb . bag -RRB- . I immediately returned the product . For a couple of days after using it for the last time , my neck did feel much better . During this time I was also spending 30 minutes or so a day laying on my bed -LRB- belly up -RRB- with my neck and head hanging off the mattress . Whether the relief was due to the neck contraption , I am not sure , but I think that it probably was . This spurred me on to purchase a second neck traction device . The second one I bought -LRB- from amazon.com -RRB- was an inflatable one that you could walk around in . MUCH more convenient , and works pretty well too . My neck is feeling pretty good and I have only been using it for a week or so -LRB- 15 minutes per day -RRB- . It was n't much more expensive than this , and was worth the little bit of extra cash.ALSO ! I bought a new `` Extra Firm '' pillow from Walmart for $ 4.00 and that has helped alot as well . Please at least make this small investment first if your neck sometimes hurts when you wake up.I hope this is helpful advice . I know how much of an annoyance a neck injury is . My neck is now sometimes a bother , but it is MUCH better . I also had a strong nerve tingling in my shoulder -LRB- for the past two years -RRB- that has been getting better as my neck gets better .
 Years ago I used a cervical traction device with good results . I am now having some neck pains and thought I would get relief from using a device again . This product is difficult to assemble , instructions are not clear , quality is extremely poor -LRB- the velcro straps were put on incorrectly -RRB- and you can not do this alone . This was money not well spent
 Total waste of money ... returned 10 days ago to CANADA , have not received a refund . Very disappointed.Don ' t buy it .
 ordered on Dec 23 Items never showed up and when i emailed asking how they were sent mid Jan. got no reply . Amazon gave me a credit
 I actually wanted to try this product to compare it to a competitor 's product for carb reduction . I really can not find anything outstanding to say about this product . . Sorry .
 Do not waste your money on this product , it is a waste of money . Try other brands they work better , however remember these pills not matter what brand screw up your stomach .
 I used this product for a month and did n't notice that it helped at all . I exercise for about two hours a day normally . However , I thought I would try this product along with my normal exercise program . There was no difference when using this product .
 I 've purchased this a few times , and did not receive any benefit from it . It does not mix well when you stir it . It 's not as powerful as the actual fruits it is concentrated from . It 's unrealistic to think that you can get the benefits of fruit or vegetables in a tablespoon of powder .
 Not pleased with this product at all . Turns iut The units of activity is quite small and would take a lot more tablets to get any effect . Spend the money and get something that is at least measureable . In fairness I could not read the label entirely before but I bought it anyway .
 We really liked this brush - the bristles are just right , not too hard or too soft . It 's also a good size . However , after washing it with warm water just a few times , the coating on it has started to peel - which I think is a hazard for small children . The brush also cracked - I do n't know if that 's also from washing -LRB- like other reviewers have said -RRB- or because my toddler has thrown it on the floor a couple of times . Either way , I think it should be of better quality - any item meant for a toddler should be made to last after being thrown .
 Easy to hold . Brushes well.The instructions say to `` Wash before initial use . Wash in warm water using mild liquid soap . '' When I did that , the brush absorbed water through the bristle holes , became waterstained , and cracked.The bristle holes are evidently not sealed during manufacture -LRB- should be done before or while the bristles are being glued in -RRB- . Amazon sent a replacement . The replacement had the same problem .
 The brush is adorable and the boar 's hair is soft and perfect for a baby 's fine hair . The only downside is the quality . When I received it , I washed the bristles in luke warm water and mild soap and dried it , bristle side down , overnight . The next day , I found the wood warped and cracked in two places . I had to return it and did n't bother to exchange it because I figured they would all do that . I read in another person 's review that this had happened to theirs too but figured that it was just that particular brush or that they did n't follow the washing instructions properly , but it 's actually the brush itself . If I do n't find another brand that I like just as much as this one , I 'll buy another and try again .
 I purchased this brush based on the good reviews that had been posted previously . I followed the Care instructions `` Wash before initial use . Wash in warm water using mild liquid soap . Rinse thoroughly with clear water . Air dry '' . The wood cracked within an hour and the bristles absorbed the soap !
 I have never written a review on Amazon but felt very disappointed with this product and wanted to say something . The brush and comb set looks lovely and I was happy when I received it . The instructions on the label say to wash the brush and comb before using . So I followed these instructions very carefully , as I had read other reviews which stated that cracks appeared in the wood after washing them . Sadly , as others had reported , the brush got two huge cracks and the material covering the wood is peeling off . I definitely wo n't be using this on a newborn and ca n't recommend this product . I sent it back to Amazon ; should have paid more attention to others ' reviews !
 I have never been so disappointed in a product or in the customer service I received from amazon . Previously , when an item has been defective , they have at least offered to replace it , if not refund payment.I ordered two of these at Christmastime , one for my niece and one for my daughter when she got old enough and had enough hair . Finally I think she has enough hair to brush ! I followed the package instructions , which said to wash with warm soapy water before initial use , and the brush warped , flaked , and cracked in half!I reported the issue to amazon and they refused to do anything because the return period had expired.Buyer beware ! If you are one who strictly follows instructions regarding items your baby uses , as I am , do n't waste your money on this piece of junk !
 I wanted to make a black and white cake so I got this at a store near me . As soon as I got home I sprayed a tiny bit on my hand and licked it . It smelled and tasted horrible . I threw it out within minutes of coming home from the store . I own quite a few Wilton products but would advise against getting the black spray .
 I looked everwhere to change my daughter 's birthday cake frosting black when the frosting was white . This product sprays on and says it will give it a black color . I followed the instructions perfectly and it gave it a grayish color only if you sprayed a bunch on . The smell was awful and it looked awful . Realizing it was n't going to work I stopped and tried to scrape it off . The entire cake absorbed the flavor - it was horrible and the cake ended up in the garbage .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Thought this was a great idea . sounded quick and a fun way to add color to cakes . It did give color to the cake but the smell was horrible . Smellslike hair spray . Not something I want to eat or let my children eat .
 Good as a back-up but the head is flimsy cheap rubber . Poor craftsmanship . There 's a fringe from the mold that is annoying . The rubber is textured , not smooth . I do n't like the weight balance . It is too light .
 It did n't illicit any kind of reflex ... it needs to be heavier ... also the attending asked me to bring another one ...
 It 's a reflex hammer , but it 's not like the picture , It is a textured rubber and the colors do n't match at all .
 Do not buy it is very cheap rubber and has no weight behind it . The handle edges are sharp and it is uncomfortable to hold.The metal is a cheap alloy . There are ok Chinese products and even more cheap or dangerous Chinese products . This is the latter.I just threw mine away it was n't worth the time to send back.Learn from my lesson just spend a few extra dollars and get something better .
 Whether the company calls itself Pharmapacks , PharmaFrag , or Pharma whatever , they pulled the `` bait and switch '' on me , and here 's how
 This vendor advertises as in stock but then sends an email stating backordered ... disapointed . Canceling and ordering from another vendor .
 A 132 page paperback book with a full of black & white pictures seems to be taken in 70s ... It is like paying royalty for the method of taping . I 'd never bought a book like this in my life , and felt deep guilty for my carelessness .
 I really do n't understand why this book costs so much . It is literally a simple picture book that should n't cost more than $ 10 at the most . I thought since it was done by the originators of kinesio tape , it would be good . Boy was I wrong . The cover pretty much tells all . It 's a children 's book .
 This book was a complete waste of money . If you have any medical experience at all , it 's a joke . The pictures are fine but there is no detail about which muscles are being utilized , or specifically what the taping is supposed to be helping . It 's very generic , as in
 This product looks like the perfect solution for back pain , however neither myself or my husband is able to assemble it . Apparently one must be a superman in order to get the heavy plastic to bend . Sadly , I must return it.Lumbar Extender
 I do n't know how well this works on helping you relax and fall asleep . It does n't really do that for me . It tastes bad when placed directly in your mouth . Kind of like rubbing alcohol . Better off diluting it in water . The price is good . I have seen Bach Essences priced at up to $ 20 in health stores and spas .
 After three consecutive days of use , I had a severe migraine lasting over 48 hours . I have n't had a migraine in years . I ca n't prove it is because of the Bach Essence . However , this product has n't been officially tested for efficiency or safety . It is therefore either inefficient and hopefully at least safe , or effective and with side effects -LRB- like any effective remedies has -RRB- . Which side effects ? I would like more information on that . In the meantime , I would not trust their products .
 I gave this 2 stars on the hope that if it stays on during my run , it might actually work . It gets a 1 star for sticking . I have tried numerous methods , but alas I can not get this tape to stay on during my run . I have a bad knee that I 'm trying to support until after my marathon -LRB- then I 'll actually get to a doctor -RRB- . Until then I had been using a knee strap , but it wo n't let me run past 10 miles . I heard about this tape and thought I 'd try it out . By minute 10 it starts to peel off .
 Its very slippery . I used for a knee soccer injury , so before playing soccer i taped my knee as indicated in so many videos in youtube
 I purchased this tape after visiting a Chiorpractor who used it on my hip area . It did n't do any good when I was going to the Dr. and did n't do any good after I bouth the roll .
 Was disappointed to see that the &#34; red &#34; tape that I ordered was Hot Pink . Would have liked to know that . I specifically ordered Red to match my daughters uniform for cheer .
 Does not stay on , it rolls up and only lasts a couple of hours . The product my chiropractor used lasyed 3 days .
 Dear next consumer , I researched kinesio tape for 2 weeks before making a purchase . I settled on this one after reading its reviews . If you are an athlete who sweats when you work out , then this is not the product for you . I have an outdoor job , and after taping my arm for `` golfer 's elbow '' the tape only lasted for approx . 1 hour . I am disappointed to say the least.Good luck
 I do n't know if I got a bad batch or if the manufacturer changed something , but the tape does n't stick beyond 20 minutes or so , vs 4 - days . This totally defeats the purpose of the tape and makes it absolutely worthless . I 'm glad I only ordered 2 boxes . I do n't feel like it 's worth the effort of trying to get my money back , but the tape totally did n't work like the previous orders we used for years , from a different supplier .
 I used this tape for an Achilles injury and it did not stay in place . After about 30 minutes into my run it lost its `` stickiness '' and began to come off . I tried it a handful of times after and had the same disappointing results .
 When i received the tape the package was kind of smashed and flattened but the tape itself was not damaged . the tape however , is not sticky like it should be and i wonder if its possible if i got an old roll . Other tape I 've used in the past lasts about 5 days and withstands showering without unsticking . this tape falls off 1 or 2 days later .
 Kinesio tape is supposed to stay on for up 2 - 3 days . This stuff stayed on for less than 5 hours of activity . And yes I did put it on right after I showered . I bought a different kind that stayed on for 2 days , and I put it on after 3 hours of playing volleyball . I will never buy this brand of tape again .
 I bought this item hoping it would work for my knee ... did not have the sticking strength it needed to hold ...
 I purchase this after a physical therapist taped my knee with a similar product . It does n't stay on well under slacks or jeans . It starts to roll at the edges . Also , if you are allergic to adhesives or latex , be careful . I got a very bad rash from it and the adhesive is very difficult to remove from your skin . You also need to know the proper way to apply the tape for your particular injury or it does n't do you any good .
 I bought this product to alleviate some IT Band issues I was having . My physical therapist taught me how to apply the tape and sent me on my way . I have never been able to get this product to stick for more than an hour or so . I have followed the instructions for skin prep , but as soon as I sweat the edges start to come off . This has happened with all 5 attempts I have made at using the tape whether running , cycling , or CrossFit . People swear by this stuff , but it really did n't work for me . I do n't sweat any more than the average person , but perhaps I need to the super waterproof type ?
 I had a shoulder injury and purchased this tape to stabilize my shoulder . It was placed over Hypafix tape to protect the skin and applied by my physical therapy . This PT was trained to do this application correctly.Since I had previously purchased this same tape several months earlier after a shoulder surgery and it worked great , I placed a second order because I had used the first roll ordered with satisfaction . This most recent order of -LRB- 2 -RRB- rolls of this tape is not worth ten cents ! It does not stay adhered where placed . It rolls on the edges and within a couple hours after being correctly applied , it `` let 's loose '' and does n't do what it 's suppose to . This company evidentlyshipped an inferior product . I have intended to call and ask for a refund because it did not work ! I was surprised and frustrated that there was such difference in quality of their product from one order to the next . I can not find it in local area so am suffering in needless pain because of their inferior product .
 Did not stick for more than one day . I would not reccommend this to anyone if you need for long peroid .
 I like the kinesio tape , but I 'm a little disapointed . It definitely does what it 's suppossed to -LRB- I can feel it move my knee cap when I put it on -RRB- but it comes off too easily and it 's definitely not water resistant .
 I found this tape lighter weight , less adhesive and not as effective as the regular Kinesio tape . I did n't realize I was getting a different tape when I ordered it .
 This product was applied to my legs properly and I found that when I would sweat while working out it would fall off . This product is to be used with exercise and I was not happy with it .
 I purchsed this based on the reviews and was very disappointed . I have had my chiropractor provide me with KT on my shoulder several times and it stayed on for days . This stuff falls off overnight , everytime . I have to always use clear medical tape to keep this stuff on at all and even that only works until this stuff completely refuses to sty on the skin . You need a different tape if you want this to stay on for more than 8 hours . Got one star only because it stayed on for a few hours . This is the only 1 star I have ranked an item after providing 30 + reviews on amazon .
 I have had this product used on my leg multiple times by my PT and would swear by it for reducing swelling , however , apparently I need to order it elsewhere since Amazon ca n't seem to get it shipped to me . I ordered this on the 13th of December and here it is the 23rd of December and still no tape and they ca n't tell me where it is . I 'm done with Amazon !!!!
 The adhesive in this product gave me a painful blistering rash for over a week .
 Note that when they say that this tape is red , it is actually hot pink . It is also 4 times what it costs to buy in a store . Save yourself the effort and frustration , and buy elsewhere .
 They do send you the Kinesio tape , but it is a roll of bulk tape . Definitely not what is pictured and what you think you are buying .
 Do n't waste your money . Tape does not stay put . Used alcohol , shaved the area to no avail . Tape starts coming off as soon as you develop a mild sweat .
 Tape is great for little pulls and sprains , however the adhesive is very low quality . I clean the area I stick it to before using the tape . If I 'm lucky it might stay on fora few hours . There must be a better brand of this wonderful tape .
 Maybe my skin just reacts badly to it , but I 've tried the tape a few times already and have been unable to get it to stick for more than 20 minutes or so . I even shaved my legs , and applied it following the instructions on the website step-by-step , but as soon as i got out the door for my jog , it started to unravel from the bottom up . By about 1.5 miles -LRB- at a 11-minute pace -RRB- , it was pretty much just flapping around from the top . I 'll keep trying , until someone takes it off my hands -LRB- or it comes off on its own , since that 's the only thing it seems to be good at . -RRB-
 Thought i 'd try this out as always used Leukotape . Would not purchase again . Did not stick to skin properly and fell off within minutes . Expensive . Leukotape is a much better product that does not unstick and less expensive . A waste of money .
 This tape was highly rated by others but I needed it to tape my foot due to plantar fasciitis . And it did not stay stuck for more than a few hours .
 The tape came very fast but it did not seem to work for me . The service was fine just the tape did not work
 i just got this yesterday and used it on my knees . a few hours after i showered this morning and padded my knees dry , most of the tape was falling off or in the process of rollling/peeling off of my knees . i didnt even get a run out of them . after reading the reviews , i 'm glad that i 'm not the only one with this tape curling away from my skin and falling off of me in less than 24 hours . i 'm not sure if the beige is n't as strong as the black tape , but i might give the black tape a try . if that doesnt work , then im going with the KT tape instead.with that said , the pain was SIGNIFICANTLY reduced overnight ... i was so surprised !
 I used it for the first time last night , I have plantar fasciitis . I taped my foot/leg went to the gym and ran 2/5 miles . I took a shower a few hours later and it came off my foot . I still have 2 rolls of this ... not sure if I will bother to use it or not . I will keep looking for a better product .
 I was disappointed , I thought I was getting real KT tape , this is an off brand and did n't work for me . It is n't precut , does n't have rounded corners , and fell off between mile 1 and mile 2 . Price was reasonable and shipping was quick , but tape is a knock off and did n't work for me . I need this to last 13 miles or more but it fell off right after I started my run ...
 I read a lot of reviews and watched about 20 videos on youtube . Within minutes of putting the tape on my leg , the pain increased so horrifically that I was nearly immobilized . It spread rapidly throughout my body . Alarmed , I removed the tape and went to bed to rest . Then , I began to taste the adhesive on my tongue . This stuff is not a substitute for an ace bandage or knee brace or anything similar . It has some activator that is overkill for someone like myself.Aside from wasting a few dollars and some time , I do not think the damage was permanent , but it surely was unexpected and unwelcome .
 I bought this tape because I like variety -- colors . In all respects it appears just like the tape my PT uses . However , it does n't stick . It falls off in water and rolls off in bed sheets . It is truly a waste of money . I found out exactly what type my PT uses and went directly to their website . It also has colors and cute little monkey patterns . AND ! It 's cheaper too .
 I 'm not happy with the product that I got from amazon . I ordered black kinesio tape and recieved red instead . I wanted black . The only reason I give it a 2 rating instead of a 1 , is that I got the tape 4 days before the expected delivery date . I do n't know if I will by tape from here again , because I want/need black tape , because it is stronger than the color tape . Can I trust that I will get the correct order the next time I order from here ? Thank you .
 I never received the product after I paid for it so unable to actually review it . But I can review the fact that the company was not willing to compensate me for the loss . I would notrecommend buying through this company , there are other place to obtain Kinesio Tape .
 I have been treated by a physical therapist for knee problems . The kensio tex tape he used stayed on for several days . I purchased this and it wo n't stay on for even 24 hours . I went back and the PT applied my tape . This tape still came off after 24 hours . He said this tape is the same as he uses . So is this roll defective ?? I have been cleaning the skin with alcohol before each application .
 I ordered the tape and used it , but the tape only sticks temporarily so you have to keep changing the tape out . So I 'm not satisfied at all .
 This is the worst tape of this type that I have used . It has even less stick than the regular version -LRB- i.e. , not the Pro -RRB- of K Tape . I starts to come off within 5 minutes if you sweat , making it totally useless for its intended purpose .
 Not sure how this tape could possibly have worked for other people , because it does n't stick for very long . It fell off my skin before I had even run a mile . I had used rubbing alcohol to clean my skin of all oils before putting the tape on and made sure when I applied it I did n't have any flex at the two ends so it would anchor to my skin , and I rubbed it really well to make it stick but it still fell off while running . I tried it a second and third time just to see if maybe it was a fluke , but all 3 times it 's fallen off during my run . A friend gave me some Rock Tape and it worked great . Stayed on during run AND through a shower . Will be switching to that brand .
 This tape was recommended by my PT but when I got it , it was very flimsy . It seems to be a polyester-Ish material . I used it on my knee for tendinitis and one time after applying it , the piece of tape I had put on vertically tore in two after just 5 minutes of bending my knee . I have had much better luck with KT Tape which is a much more sturdy cotton tape . It feels like it provides a lot more stability as well .
 I intended to use this for plantar fasciitis when I purchased it . I watched the &#34; how-to &#34; videos on applying it . Needless to say , it does n't work . Well , I honestly can not say whether it works or not , because it does not stay on long enough to work . If you put it on exactly as the videos say , it still comes off . I have tried EVERYTHING to get it to stay on . Short of wearing an ace wrap over the tape so that friction is not a factor , I have no idea how to get it to stay on . In reading about the tape it sounds like it can be worn 4-5 days with all levels of activity including showering ... this is simply not true . Personally , I find it a complete waste of money when using it for the purpose I bought it . Maybe it does work for other places on the body , but for the foot ... worthless .
 This product did n't really do much for me . I bought it because everyone uses kinesio tapes on the olympics . I thought it might help my plantar , but did n't .
 After using RockTape I decided to give Kinesio a try . Just a waste of money . Before an hour after put it starts to fray at the edges and soon it 'll become totally off my skin . Avoid this product . I 'll be back to RockTape for sure , it 's a much better product .
 I bought this tape to try it out after using KT Tape . I will not use this tape again . The tape lasted all of 1 day before it started to peel off my skin . I previously used KT Tape i bought from sports authority and that would stay on my ankle for at least 4 days even after getting the tape wet .
 Based on other reviews I thought this would work as well as the tape my chiropractor used - but it sticks for about 24 hours max . When it gets wet it starts to come off , and not even wet from the shower but simply wet from sweat . Wo n't be purchasing this brand again .
 Last year I purchased s similar tape in blue and a different brand and it was fanastic !! I chose this brand because it had more reviews and an extra 1/2 star than the other tape that I loved , so I went with this . Bad decision !!! IT IS AWFUL and wo n't stay on !!!!!!!
 I 've recently used KT Tape and Rock Tape and decided to try this brand out based on the reviews on Amazon . I am very disappointed in this product and rate it with KT Tape in regards to the lack of adhesion . I play indoor hockey and tennis and both of the tapes I just mentioned peel from my knee half an hour into the game . I 've prepped the skin surface , applied an hour to half a day beforehand , and get similar results every time . Rock Tape is by far the best tape I 've used and I 'll be going back to that for sure . I do not recommend this tape .
 When you see the picture you think you will have a very hard case good enough for about a year or more . When you get the `` case '' all you have is tape kept in a thing they call case . This is not right .
 Having been a user of kinesio tape for several years now , trying several brands , I can say that this particular tape is very poor quality . The good kinesio tape will adhere well for up to a week . This tape starts unsticking within an hour or so .
 Personally , I did not like these at all . They were pretty `` stiff '' and did n't have a good peanut buttery taste at all .
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 This company , Nutricity , is totally uninterested in providing explanations or customer service . I placed an order through Amazon on June 3rd . It is now June 17th and I still have not received my order . I recommend using Vitacost.com , their prices are lower and you can rely on the fact that you will receive your order in 4 to 5 days . I will not use Amazon if they continue to do business with this company . The product is fine , I like it .
 I did n't notice any difference after taking this -LRB- four a day -RRB- for a couple weeks . I got it because I am cold all the time and this is supposed to increase circulation . I will not reorder .
 I used to love this product . I had been using it for three years and had recommended it to many people who also loved it . However , the last time I purchased the Vitamin E sticks , three of them broke at the base with just normal use . It seemed like the product was softer than usual . I contacted the company -LRB- Reviva Labs -RRB- by email but never heard back from them . I am afraid to purchase it again since I lost out on three sticks and the company never bothered to contact me .
 I ordered the identical clipper from hair products but in the blue color . I had to send them back as they did not cut anywhere close to the listing 's claims of : `` blade adjusts from Size 000 -LRB- 1/100 inch -RRB- '' instead it will cut at a minimum of 1/25 inch and that only on vertical hairs . Any hairs that do not stand up are cut at closer to 1/8 inch.Compared to a Philips Norelco T980 the stubble is from twice as long on standing hair to four times as long on hair laying flat.I decided to send it back since aside from not cutting close enough for my needs I found for general hair clipping the gyroscopic forces from the motor were quite strong and the cord rather stiff .
 I have purcased Beano in the past for about $ 45 . oo for a 4 bottle pack . When I saw Pillowflat 's ad for Beano at $ 46.00 , I assumed it was a 4 bottle pack.When the order arrived , it was a single bottle . $ 46.00 for an $ 11.00 item . A rip-off , plain and simple.When I tried to find a Return Policy , Amazon said Ihad to contact Pillowflat directly . Pillowflat has no telephone listing , and no E-mail listing . Amazon offered to forward an E-mail . Which was done . Therewas no response . I sent 2 more E-mails to Pillowflat.Still no response . I talked with a lady named Selvawho said she would file a claim under Amazon 's customer satisfaction policy . Amazon informed me that if the product was shipped , and arrived , that Ihad no grounds for a claim . So Amazon protects vendors who rip-off customers , and refuse to respond to requests for information .
 Sometimes it seems to help but it is hard to remember to use this before eating . The taste is rather unpleasant , very sweet .
 The is the worst whey protein I have ever tasted ! It tastes like shredded cardboard with a bit of chocolate and coffee . Do not buy this ! Champion Nutrition is still the best tasting whey protein in the market .
 It tastes pretty bad . It has this metal like taste to it , that leaves you `` BLAH `` ing afterwards.I would go with Omni Nutrition -LRB- ON -RRB- Strawberry instead . -LRB- That 's the only one I can compare it to since that 's the only other strawberry flavor I 've tried -RRB- It does n't mix that well either.I have n't tried other flavors of this product though -LRB- but given how bad this one tastes I 'm not sure I 'd want to either -RRB- .
 This product is more of a raspberry cream . Far too much french vanilla flavor . And far too little raspberry . I will have to keep looking for a replacement for Designer Whey Raspberry -LRB- discontinued -RRB- this is not it !!
 For Christmas I purchased the Eltron S Blade shaver for my son for Christmas . At first it was ok to use even though it did n't do as good as I would have liked . It seemed to shave too close in some areas and not close enough in other areas . So my son always had alternating stubble and red spots on his face . Then in about March , the two red screws on the side -LRB- that hold the top part on -RRB- broke off . So I had to manually place them in thier respective spots and hold them on until I got the top or cover on . The razor still worked ok despite this new inconvenience . Then in April I tried to open the retractible blade -LRB- for sideburns -RRB- and the whole side blade and other pieces fell off . The razor is now un-useable . I paid over $ 100.00 at the time and do n't think it was worth the money . My son had used an eltron before -LRB- QVC or HSN model -RRB- that was only $ 18.00 . I think that model worked better than this one !
 I bought this product thinking I would be able to get rid of my acne scars . Nope . All it did was break me out worse . A bar of soap for $ 1 works better than this . Trust me it is n't worth the money .
 I have only been using Zenmed for two weeks and although the zenmed website says results can be seen after the first use , i have yet to see any results . I didnt break out or have anything worse but i havent seen a difference , my skin is exactly the same . Its like i didnt even buy these products for $ 65 - . - Can someone who has gotten results explain how to uae it correctly please?Overall , i would say dont spend sixty bucks on this , not worth it
 This product was a waste of my time and money . I used it as directed and broke out in spots ; my face has n't looked this awful since I was 17 -LRB- and I 'm 30 now so that 's saying a lot -RRB- ! I abandoned the product after 2 weeks of use as it was creating new scars instead of erasing the old ones as advertised .
 Only shipped the skin eraser , paid for both products . Do not buy from this person .
 I Hate this product made my face like hell . . it broke out like crazy !! no results at all ! waste of money and time and skin health : @
 I am a Latin woman with olive skin , I had a severe acne breakout that left me with dark brown scars on both cheeks , this did nothing for me , very disappointing to pay good money and get no results . The Maxi-peel exfoliant worked miracles for me and is a lot cheaper
 first of all , I already own one of these for my daughter and love it . So when I had my son I knew I 'd need another one . So I ordered it . . unfortunately it seems broken and I already toss away the paperwork and the box . When I turn it on it does n't seem to have enough power and is not very loud . By morning it 's hardly working . I plugged it into several different outlets , it 's definetly the unit itself . I 'd love to get another one , but for $ 60 + I just ca n't afford it.Sorry to give a bad review , I 'm sure it 's just a fautly unit .
 This arrived with no safety seal or tab . I was expecting at minimum a damper proof seal on the bottle . I wanted to try this product but not without a safety tab . I tried calling and emailing the seller but no reply in over 3 weeks.Roger
 This product did n't work AT ALL for my son . He had on a temp cast we put the bag over his cast , when we got out of the pool the bag was filled with water half way . I was ringing his cast out and had a blow dryer to it all night . The part that sucked most was I had bought two bag so I would have an extra and we never opened the other box . I could return it but I am terrible about getting things in the mail . so a complete waste of money . We ended up buying 3m water proof casting padding , when he got his hard cast on we just got him a water proof cast so we would n't have to worry about it . and that stuff works great !
 Bought this product for my daughter . The first two times I used it , it worked OK . The third time , it filled with water . Followed directions explicitly .
 The opening is extremely small when you get it out of the box . I could barely fit my other arm through it , let alone my casted arm . It worked really well the first 2 times , but the rubber stretched out and developed tears . There are 1 inch tears on both sides in therubber . It 's no longer airtight -LRB- although I still wear it in the shower since it 's better than nothing -RRB- . You can make it work , but I expected better .
 I broke my wrist . I 'm down to one hand , but I still need to bathe regularly . I bought this thinking that with it , I could wash my own hair . It came in 2 days as promised from Amazon.com . There were no directions for use in the box , so I googled it . Basically , you have to stretch the tiny opening over a huge cast -- with one hand . I called the 800 number hoping for a logical and reasonable way to use this product . The person on the phone not only was unhelpful , she was rude and patronizing . She said that if I could n't do it myself , I 'd have to get help from someone . The whole point of the product is so another person is n't needed ... if I had someone to help me , I could save myself $ 25 and use trash bags and duct tape , or just have them wash my hair . A wasteful and frustrating purchase . Do n't encourage this company by contributing to its profits .
 Danger
 The purpose of the `` Sustained Release '' type of Niacin is to prevent the unpleasant side effects of flushing caused by Niacin . However , I almost always experience flushing with the Now Sustained Release brand , and I have n't found this with other brands . So I will not buy the Now brand again.Some reviewers have noted success with Flush Free versions of Niacin . There are several articles on the internet stating that flush free versions may not be effective , as it appears that the molecular structures of the flush free versions are not easily absorbed in the body .
 that 's what is says!do not believe it!Needed to buy expensive sustained release locally , to build enough tolerance to use this produc
 An article I read suggested crushing the tablet between two nested teaspoons and drinking the powder mixed in water or juice . That turns sustained release into quick release and sustained hour or longer flush into a 10 or 15 minute flush of no greater intensity than the hour flush.I upped the dosage of whole tablets too fast and found that what had been a mildly irritating flush turned into an excruciating hour of a beet red heated face and body , and prickly itching all over . So , my advice is to 1 -RRB- crush these tablets or use regular niacin , and 2 -RRB- increase dosage slowly over a period of weeks.UPDATE 7/24/11 The latest research shows NO reduced heart attack rate from taking niacin for people at high heart attack risk , AND an increased chance of stroke . Combining those results with niacin stressing the liver , I decided to discontinue supplementing with high does of niacin . No more flush and 4 fewer pills a day and less chance of stroke or severe liver disease ... it seems like a no brainer to me . You can google `` NHLBI NIH AIM-HIGH study '' for a fairly technical discussion of the study . Google `` niacin study stopped early '' for different news service reports .
 My main concern on receiving this order was that it was smaller than I thought and for that price ... . but then , I thought . . as long as I see results , I would n't mind ordering a second bottle . I did n't notice much change after using it as directed for almost a month now and I do n't think I would be finishing this bottle either as I have noticed a rash , sort of like skin peeling off in the area I 've been using it for over a week now . This rash is also itchy and hurts when scratched . I 've stopped using the cream and the rash seems to be disappearing . I think I 'll just throw away what 's left in the bottle ... not impressed by this product , I was really hoping it 'd clear my shaving bumps but I guess I have to keep looking hopefully , there 's a better product out there . I only gave this a star because it actually seemed like it was working in the beginning before the onset of the rash .
 VERY misleading of this company to list this product as a 2 oz . bottle , 60 ml , and when you 're ready to purchase it , it says in small letters
 Kinda sketchy that they arrived loose in a envelope . Makes me wonder if I can really trust that they have n't been tampered with .
 i got this thinking it 'd be perfect but it sucks.i dont know what they put in the lubricant but it makes it so hard for my hubby to ejaculate or enjoy the experience.i guess they put it there to make sure the female comes since it takes women longer but i didnt enjoy that cos i dont have a problem with that.its just dissapointing that he has to work so hard to reach orgasm no matter what we do so we stopped using them and am switching to something different.it fit ok and doesnt slip or break and thats why i gave it 2 stars.the perfume is also ok .
 They were definitely thin , but they were n't big at all . After some experimentation to find `` large '' condoms that fit , I can safely say that these strangled me the quickest and most completely .
 Works , does the job but very boring . It is just a thin condom that really is VERY BORING ! NO ! Nubbies are better !
 The lady and I did n't really enjoy these . Also we had two break on us , so yeah , wo n't be buying these ever again .
 My boyfriend and I tried these condoms for their thinness , and at first we both liked the sensation more . But then , I started noticing a horrible burning feeling which got worse and worse . I think it was the lubrication on these condoms ... the next time we went back to our usual Trojan-brand condom , and I had no burning whatsoever .
 My boyfriend is only able to wear larger condoms and most end up not feeling so great for either of us . When I saw `` larger and thinner for more sensitivity and sensation '' I thought I 'd try it , thinking the larger part was true . Not so . If you need larger condoms do n't buy these .
 first off , i know how to correctly use this product.that being said i have had the misfortune of THREE of these breaking during use . twice while the female was in a reverse cowgirl and once in `` doggy '' style.maybe i got a `` bad batch '' , but i am never going to give these a second chance .
 Second Wahl I have bought that would n't clip my little dogs hair . I bought a wahl several years ago to clip her and it worked great but it finally wore out . Guess they do n't make them like they used too .
 This was returned . The noise was horrendous ! It frightened my son , who is used to having his hair cut at home . It was truly awful . Our cheapo conair clippers were better.Returned these and purchased the awesome Oster clippers instead !
 When I received this wall kit I took it out of the box and the top cover kept falling off the clippers every time I held it or used it.I had to put a rubber band around it to hold it together.Why
 Expected quality from Wahl ... but got junk with no quality control . One of the screws holding the cutting blade in place was completely stripped out and now the blade is held in place by only one screw . Looks like I 'm the one screwed on this deal . Will be the last Wahl I purchase -LRB- have owned three others -RRB- . Inspect upon arrival to verify that it is n't junk .
 The product once connected to power worked fine for 5 minutes , after which with a sudden thud smoke started coming out of the clipper and it stopped working completely .
 Have to say I am very disappointed . I had read some reviews before buying with mostly positives in the comments and in particular how relatively quiet the clippers where.When I first plugged them into mains power using an always previously successful and still currently working well converter I was amazed at how these sounded like a petrol powered lawn mower . First impression not good at all , then in less than six strokes through my beard smoke began to rise off the bladed end of the clippers and the handle became quickly and dangerously warm.Having since purchased the same kit at a retail outlet I can assure that they are indeed quiet and have no issues.After paying AUD 22.76 for the item as well as AUD 41.82 for a faster delivery giving a total of AUD 64.58 to Amazon and then in the process of claiming a refund paying a further AUD 46.50 in order to post the item back to Amazon , I can only hope that Amazon will do the right thing in terms of reimbursing me.As I mentioned , with all the positive reviews , I can only suppose that I was unlucky to say the least , however with differences in packaging and the ridiculously loud noise omitted by this clipper set I have my doubts about the genuine status of the item I was sent.I have sent the clippers back and will update this review in regard to the outcome of the refunding to me.UPDATE
 Usually you can use these -LRB- carefully -RRB- with no guard . My partner has used one for years . This one left him with redmarks and cuts all over . The lowest guard is not low enough . This is not usable for us .
 Worked fine for the first few haircuts but then the metal pice above the blades , moved and was cutting everyone who used it . itspretty shitty . I say spend at least 50 bucks for a haircut machine . i learned my lesson
 My partner used this for less than a minute before it burned out and completely stopped working and filled my room with smoke!Would like seller to contact me .
 I 've been cutting the hair of my husband for sometime now , and always - I have used Wahl , but we 've recently moved to US , and I am in need of a new hair clipper.I bought this recently - as it was cheap but I was really disappointed the first time I used it . Firstly , the attachements are of poor quality that it feels like it will break easily and the ends of the attachments were sharp that it can hurt your head if you are not careful ; secondly , the noise it makes when you used it ; and thirdly , most of the time it pulls the hair out instead of cutting it . And the thing that bothers me most is that it gets so hot while you use it and it shakes a lot too ! And I 've been using Wahl for a long time now as I 've always got an impression that they provide the consumers with excellent quality clippers , but not this one though :--LRB- , I am really disappointed that I 've returned it to the shop . Perhaps , I was given a damaged one and I hope that people who will buy this will not have the same disappointment I 've had ...
 Not Working property . Cuts good but has annoying sound . Left side on the Kit has regulated screw for this sound problem but it not working property
 These clippers are super loud and about make you go deaf . Had to use ear plugs when cutting my husbands hair . They also get really hot and cause your hand to vibrate a ton so you ca n't use them for long . I was hardly able to get all my dogs hair cut -LRB- and he 's less than 20 # -RRB- before it all became too much for my hand . They also effectivly stopped working after 3 human haircuts and 2 dog cuts .
 This thing simply stop working half way cutting my husband 's hair . He adjust the power screw , and even when the power setting is max , the thing still was n't vibrating enough to even it was making very loud noise . We also notice that the thing that supposed to be vibrating and attached to the blade was not aligned properly.Don ' t waste your time , get a better one . Returned .
 I purchase this because I have always like Wahl products especially in haircutting kits . When I used the item for the first time it was very loud even after adjust the settings and adding oil . I returned the item and received a replacement but still was having the same issue . Really disappointed with this item .
 never thought i would have to give a bad review for an amazon sold product , this clipper works really good , smooth , cuts clean but omg !! wahl i am certain it cost just a few cents to produce these guards , for crying out loud its an American product , i gave my two sons a hair cut today and the guards kept opening out and leaving patches , i feel like throwing the whole damn thing in the garbage , i had a con air before that worked fine for years and the only reason it gave up is because i thought i would give it a tune up and dulled the blades , yes some people will say you get what you pay for but i could have gotten a no name brand for the same price , but i went for the name , i am sorry wahl this is my first wahl product and it will be my last , very very very disappointed customer
 I was more than a little disappointed when I opened the case and discovered that half of the clips were reduced to small plastic shards . Amazon was more than cooperative in resolving the issue ; however , do not order this product expecting it to be pristine and intact . Trimmer itself is fabulous ; clips are shoddy .
 Short and simple . Do not purchase ! On first use , it left metal barbs in my skin.I thought it quickly cut me twice , as is always possible with any kind of razor , but there was no blood . The pain did n't go away , and the barbs were small enough that they were barely visible to the naked eye . I had to use a jeweler 's loop and tweezers to get them out . Under magnification , they were clearly metal barbs lodged in my skin . I 'm just glad they did n't go deep enough to get completely underneath . Consider this your warning . I do n't know if Wahl had a bad manufacturing batch , or if this kind of quality is the norm , but it has certainly turned me away as a customer.Aside from the metal barbs , my impression was poor in the couple minutes I used it . Loud , heavy vibration , etc. . Poor quality to say the least.This is without a doubt , the worst product I have ever bought on Amazon - and I do a lot of shopping here . Credits to Amazon for making the return effortless .
 I bought these clippers less than two months ago to replace my old Conair clippers that I left behind while traveling . I use my clippers exclusively for beard trimming . After no more than five or six uses the blades got misaligned , causing an extremely loud buzzing and painful pulling of my beard . I whacked it back into place the first few times it did it , but now that does n't even work . Extremely disappointing and a waste of money . I never should have left the Conair brand .
 We have years of experience using hair clippers in our household . We just bought this locally to replace a lithium cordless Wahl that died in 10 months after only 10 uses.This Wahl color pro looked fine but when my wife trimmed my neck we found out the hard way that the metal blade guard was screwed on slightly crooked and one side of the blades teeth were exposed to saw into my skin . I had high hopes for this with all the positive reviews but this one is dangerous . I am going to go with a different brand after owning two defective Wahl products .
 maybe I got a defective product , this one made loud noise and shaked badly . I can barely hold it after 3-5min . I sent it back to amazon , the customer service refund it without any problem
 I want to like this trimmer . It is attractive and has a wonderful user friendly design with lots color coded trimmer guide attachments with a convinient legend printed on the trimmer itself . Corded means it should have no shortage of power unlike the cordless trimmers I have owned in the past which can run out charge mid trim - awkward!Alas it is not so . This trimmer is so ridiculously underpowered it struggles to cut my hair . Brand new fresh out of the box with supposedly sharp blades . What happens over time as the blades lose their edge ? I suppose the upside is that it is so weak it wo n't hurt much when it starts pulling my hair.Very disappointed .
 Mine broke after one use and now makes extremely loud buzzing noises whenever you try to use it . I am scared to hold it anywhere near myself now .
 As usual , after reading mostly good reviews for ithis item here on Amazon , I decided this would be the set of clippers to buy for our needs . I read the bad reviews too , especially noted the ones about hair on the clippers , but figured it must be certain sellers/vendors on Amazon turning around returned used clippers and selling them to another unsuspecting customer . Not willing to take the chance that this might happen to me ordering off of Amazon , I decided to buy it local . Saw it at our neighborhood Target , and also noticed a nice Conair clipper that was about $ 15 right next to it on the shelf . Both seemed comparable , about the same number of pieces and same type of pieces with just a little variance , and 5 year warranty . Decided to stick with my decision to try the Wahl clippers based on all the good Amazon reviews . First box right up front looked opened , seal broken , so picked out another one that looked nice and properly sealed , and ran home with it.I honestly do n't think it 's just the sellers/vendors on Amazon , because this one came right off a Target shelf and the packaging looked new and well sealed , not at all like it had been previously opened then resealed . First thing I noticed after opening the package and taking the guard off the clipper is a bunch of tiny black hair all over it . I showed it immediately to my husband , who replied with a disgusted ` eww ' right off the bat , which was my immediate reaction as well . Neither of us has black hair , so you can be sure it did n't come from us . I was so upset . I figure it has to be the company that is turning around returned product . If the company wants to do that with a returned product they think is still in working order and still sellable , or they refurbish a non-working unit and resell it , fine . At least have the decency , however , to clean and disinfect the clipper and it 's blades before doing so . Paying full price , thinking it 's brand new , then have it looking like it was already used before you got it is a total turn off . This was the first time ever buying clippers in my life , and my first time buying Wahl . Never again . I immediately went back to Target and returned it for a refund , no problems . Even the girl behind the customer service desk at Target said eww when we told her the reason for the return , and apologized , though it was no fault of her own . I bought the Conair instead , opened it and checked it in the car before leaving the Target parking lot this time , and no hair on these clippers . They look clean and brand new . Have yet to test their performance though , but at least they do n't look USED out of the box.Update 11/09/12
 Wahl 79300-400 Color Pro 20 Piece Complete Haircutting KitI am disappointed because in this purchase the comb number 6 -LRB- 19mm -RRB- 3/4 , Lavender color , is broken of factory , and it is unfair ... too disappointed , please help me with this comb.Fernando A. Fernandez Cohen
 The clippers arrived a day earlier which we were thrilled about . Unfortunately , as soon as we took it out of the amazon box it was obvious that the item had been used and returned . The box was scraped , worn , and poorly taped . We crossed our fingers that just the packaging was damaged , etc and the clippers would be new and unused ... Not the case , in fact it was quiet the opposite . The body of the clippers -LRB- plastic -RRB- was dinged and scratched , and the blades were absolutely filthy and disgusting full of hair and God only knows what else ! The seller should NOT be allowed to resell clippers , or other items that have been returned USED ! To say that we were offended by this would be putting it lightly ! I wish that I could write a positive review or add some feedback as to how the clippers work , but unfortunately I ca n't do that until we receive new unused clippers .
 Noticed finger prints and stuck hairs on the blade after opening the package . There could be some improvement made in the packaging of this product so that once opened it ca n't be sealed back .
 When I first got these clippers , I was pleased . They seemed to work just fine , and the price was right . After five or six months , they were no longer cutting hair evenly . Today , eight months after purchasing , the clippers wo n't stay on . They just turn off mid-haircut , and come back on after a minute or two . I understand that they were n't the most expensive clippers , but I did expect them to last for more than 8 months .
 When I first got this product it seemed to work great , however after having only had it for about 6 months , it 's already broken . I 'm not sure what the problem is , but the on and off switch no longer works properly . When flipping the switch it 's like I had to hover it between off and on in just the right location to make it work , and even then it eventually just gave out and the switch would n't even move.They also do n't use stainless steel so the metal blades rust . I noticed this almost immediately . One time , because of this , after turning it on , the blades seized up and would n't work . After moving the height adjustment switch -LRB- which moves the blades -RRB- , all of the rust broke off and it started to work again ... I mean what the hell !? This product is cheap but you get what you pay for .
 I gave this to my son as part of his Christmas gift . He 's got thick hair and his old clippers were n't doing the job well . He used it once and loved it . The second time he tried it though , it died right in the middle of his hair cut . Needless to say , he was not happy . He ended up using his old clippers to finish the job . He called me to tell me what happened . I called Amazon and got `` Ace '' as my customer service agent . He was very sympathetic and said he has the same clippers which have served him well for the past six months . He emailed me a label I could print so I could send back the old clippers without paying shipping . The new clippers arrived in less than 48 hrs . which is amazing considering we live in Hawaii . Anything we order through Amazon that comes from Amazon verses a company just advertising through Amazon seems to have wonderful return policy service.The funny thing is , the day I went to pick up the defective clippers my son said they turned on again . Sounds like a loose wire inside the clipper to us but I 'd still rather get one that does n't stop in the middle of the hair cut since I 'm no electrician or handyman.I 'm giving this clipper a 2 star rating for right now since it was defective but may amend my rating once I hear how the new clipper work for my son . When it worked , it was great . Cut well , very little hair pulling . He was happy with it . Let 's see how the replacement one does . Lemons happen and not everything that comes off the assembly line will be perfect .
 I previously had a wahl razor but it broke so i needed a new one . this one barely cut my hair . i had uneven peices and i had to go over every little section multiple times . this razor did not meet my expectations . now i have to put forth more money to get a working razor .
 I had this for 1 year and half now , at the begining , it is good enough to handle my kids hair , but after half year , it make so loud noise , my kid is so scard of it , so he hates hair cutting since then , besides , certain hair clipper falls off easily.i deceide to go for another brand recently , hopfully i can get a better one .
 Does not work on 220-240V . Specification shound mention this point as most haircutting kits double up as beard trimmers and are taken abroad
 first I had to buy an adapter as it comes with an American plug even though it was shipped to Australia . I blew up the first time used lucky my husband was n't injured . It is extremely noisy and the taper lever does not stay in the up position . NOT HAPPY AT ALL .
 The clippers were good , nice weight to them happy with what I paid and got I guess . But the accessories were horrible . None off the guards stayed straight . -LRB- they move to the left and right -RRB- this caused uneven heights . I put the # 3 guard on and wow worst guard iv ever used . It looked like a lawmower got me half was a 3 and gaps were 2 -LRB- since the guard blades do not stay straight . My cheap clippers worked way better . I can only uses these clipper for right before I shave super waste .
 I am so grossed out , I want to vomit . I opened the box when I got this shaver , excited to be able to give my son his haircuts instead of paying for them every few weeks . To my horror and disgust , I see oily smudges on the front of the shaver , and little flecks of black contrasting with the top white section that upon closer examination appear to be SOMEONE ELSE 'S STUBBLE . Not only is shipping this product used wrong and unethical , it 's disgusting and unsanitary , and possibly dangerous if the person before me had lice or other issues.When I looked at this item originally on Amazon , it had such overwhelmingly positive reviews , I did n't bother looking at the small minority of 1-stars , and I wish I had . It looks like I 'm not the first person to have this problem . AMAZON - THIS IS INEXCUSABLE !! How can you continue to sell this item , and any items from this seller , after getting so many reports of this disgusting nature ?? I have emailed Amazon and asked them this question , and am awaiting response . I have been using Amazon heavily for years , and have never had something like this happen , but as far as I 'm concerned , the fact that Amazon sees this happening and does n't stop it is a BIG black eye for them in my eyes . 1-star for Wahl , whom I have also had previous good experiences with , and 1-star for Amazon for continuing to sell this item after repeated complaints !
 Overall I found the quality of the cut to be less than desirable when compared to clippers by Oster . The clipper does not cut evenly with the guide combs and leaves my hair stepped when using a No. 1 or No. 2 clip . For a simple trim just using a No. 2 clip I have to spend nearly 30mins going over the same areas over and over again to try to get it smooth.Recently I purchased a No.1-1 / 2 guide comb . I did not think I could get more disappointed but I was wrong . The No.1-1 / 2 clip leaves my hair more uneven than before . The problem is that the teeth on the guide bend as easy as a sheet of paper , and the clip continuously falls off during operation . Twice it fell off and I nearly dug the metal trimmer in to my scalp .
 I ca n't say how bummed I am that this happened . I was very confident in purchasing this hair cutting kit for my boyfriend because of all the 5 star ratings , not to mention the esteemed `` Wahl '' branding , but I have to say that this just does n't hold up . We were so pleased with the cut when we used it the first time and were happy with the product ... until a month later . We reached for the Wahl kit , stored under the sink , only to find it completely rusted out and unusable . Before you say `` it was probably too damp , '' I will tell you that under our bathroom sink is very dry , and it was only there for storage for about 2 weeks -LRB- was in the closet before with his things -RRB- . Maybe the metal they use is just cheap stuff because it oxidized quickly . Just a fair warning because the return policy only lasts for a month ... and thats really how often a man needs a haircut . I just advise purchasing with caution . Hope this helps .
 I purchased this cutter because of the brand WAHL , had this brand before ; but nothing like this ! It 's just too darn loud ! No matter what position I adjust the power screw it 's just still too loud ! Minimum adjustment is nice & quiet but blades do n't move . Ca n't say I will not buy this brand again ; but this item is a real disappointment .
 I have had an old Wahl clipper for 20 + years , when I decided to buy the Color Pro . It lasted 2 clips before I got so frustrated that it ended up in the trash . Crappy quality , poor performance , and louder than my older one .
 It 's absolute garbage . It lasted about 90 seconds before the motor blew up , it almost electrocuted me.Must be made in China even though it says made in the USA .
 This was recommended as a supplement to help lose weight - I tried it and saw no difference . It might work for others , but not for me .
 My trainer suggested I take this supplement and I had some negative side effects . Upset stomach and diarrhea . I highly recommend you talk to a nutritionist or doctor before taking this to review dosage/frequency .
 I have been successfully using Carnitine or Acetyl Carnitine against muscle cramps and I chose this brand because of the Carnipure label.However , some of the 120 capsules contain small black particles which I interpret as contamination . Therefore I question the qualitity and the pureness of this product .
 3 times in a row I ordered this andeach time the glass bottles were shattered . I contacted Amazon customer service and they made good on the order -LRB- replaced twice then refunded the last time -RRB- . I could not get them to package the glass containers adequately and they were not concerned that I had to order the item from someone else.ps - the last two orders contained two GLASS bottles with NO PACKING MATERIAL AT ALL IN THE CARTON ! Of course it was going to break .
 The capsules float in the water in my mouth I am using to take them , and are very difficult to swallow without gagging . I had to cancel my subscription , and will look for more solid pills / capsule forms of carnitine .
 I bought this to trim my dog . It does not work . It does not matter what angle I hold it , it will not cut her hair . My dog 's hair is about 1 - 11/2 inches long , soft and fine . Maybe it works on a different type or length of hair .
 I originally purchased replacement blades for my `` Made in USA '' Barber King but these new blades did not fit . So , I purchased this trimmer -LRB- even after reading its poor reviews -RRB- and found that it is not of the same quality as my original - not even close . Instead of using this trimmer on my pets , I use it for personal grooming between haircuts . The closest setting on my new trimmer barely trims at all . I do n't recommend this product .
 Never could get this `` trimmer '' to trim but it borders on the dangerous with a blade that wo n't lock in place .
 Just plain does n't work . Do n't waste your money ... yeah I could return it for a refund but by the time I screwed around with shipping and packaging I 'd probably be worse off . Do n't make a mistake on this one !
 I had hoped to use this trimmer to keep my dog 's coat shorter in between groomer visits.This gadget is useless , the blade is so unstable that it is impossible to smoothly trim , it chops as it moves , creating a series of ` holes ' in the coat.Return for refund is not possible if the package has been opened , so I am stuck with this piece of junk . I would not give it ANY stars .
 That 's how many this hunk of metal deserves ... I have never given a bad review for a product . I feel it necessary , however , to warn others not to waste their money . Please trust the bad reviews , and do n't buy this product ! This did not trim my dog 's hair at all , unless you consider cutting about one to three percent of the hair it is run through a trim . I am really disappointed in Amazon for even allowing this to be sold on their website . To anyone reading this , PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY A NICE PAIR OF SCISSORS !
 received pakage in good condition , very difficult to insert blades and have not done so yet . It will just not accept them and the directions included provide very little help in resolving the assembly issue.would NOT buy this product again . Have not been able to use it so-far .
 This product would n't open to put the blade in it 's place and a piece the directions said were in the package could n't be found , but looked similar to what was jammed inside the product .
 This product does not work !!!! If you buy it you will be dissappointed . I threw mine in the garbage . It was n't worth trying to return it . It would most likely end up on the shelf again for someone else to deal with .
 I purchased this for my chow/collie mix dog , the packaging with the tool was open and missing parts . Very cheaply made , does not cut at all .
 I was eager to try this product , but I could n't even put it together ! The so called lock mechanism did not lock and hold the blade in place . I returned it the same day and made an appointment with a groomer . Guess I expected too much for a $ 10 product .
 I used a Barber King for many years but the replacement blades were not available for the old type that was very easy to use and worked well so I ordered the new handle so I could get blades . BAD CHOICE ! The new version of this trimmer is a piece of garbage ! Cheap bent pot metal that does not even attempt to trim hair.DO NOT BOTHER TO BUY THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE UNLESS YOU ENJOY CUSSING !!!
 Even after reading all the negative comments , I was dumb enough to order thistrimmer ... Please save your money ... The blades will not lock in place . The littlehook on the locking mechanism broke off with my first try to lock the blade inplace ... The sharp blades can be very dangerous.I have purchased many items from Amazon ... It is hard to believe they wouldallow this piece of junk to be listed on their website ...
 I have the original barber king and it still works great , but I have no more blades for it . Tried this and it is nothing but cheap garbage that does n't cut anything , and once you try to change the blade , it will never go back on again .
 These were supposed to be Support Hose ... they would n't support anything . I threw all three pairs in the trash ... bad purchse.Phil gunn
 These were supposed to be Support Hose ... they would n't support anything . I threw all three pairs in the trash ... bad purchse.Phil gunn
 I have been using epilady since I was 12 or 13 -LRB- I 'm 32 -RRB- . Have been pretty loyal to epilady until this particular model arrived . VERY slow ; barely removes hairs . Does not do the job in the last .
 I had the original Epilady Ultra for 15 years but it finally died on me so I got this one and it BARELY does the job ! Takes three times as long , winds up being much more irritable to my skin because of all the rubbing back and forth , and the hairs come back in a couple weeks . I used my old Epilady about every three months because the hairs were so light ! Do n't believe that 5-star review just because you want to . It might even have been written by someone at the company .
 I have waxed for ~ 15 years . I tried the laser hair removal , and it was n't permanent , so now I 'm back to finding a solution . I thought I 'd try this because it was inexpensive , and I could n't find the old one . It takes FOREVER to do my legs , and I have to go over it 3 or 4 times to get one hair . Maybe because my hair is so fine now from all the previous removal efforts ? In any case , I 'm now in the market for a different epilator and am looking at the `` Braun SE7781 Silk-Epil Xpressive Epilator Body System , Rechargeable '' which seems to get really good reviews.I gave this product two stars instead of one because it does work well under the arms . It 's a small enough area that I can tolerate going over it 3-4 times and all the hair is gone . Definitely better than shaving or waxing -LRB- no more akward elbow-on-the-door-frame waxing tug of war with the underarms ! -RRB- But if you 're looking for one epilator to do it all , keep looking !
 I was very disappointed in this product.I would discourage anyone who is considering buying it to just forget it.My sister bought me the OLD epilady on ebay and as always it works great .
 ... it would have been AWESOME . After waiting 2 weeks of it being ` In Transit ' , my order finally showed up as ` returned to sender - damaged package ' . After receiving my order of soup , in which every can was dented , I 'm really not sure if there is an angry gorilla in the shipping department of Amazon , or if I somehow angered my UPS driver ...
 The new formula has no progesterone , making it minimally effective , at best . Nothing has ever gone right with the seller , either . I was short shipped what I 'd ordered , and a different product substituted !
 Purchased as replacement for an old one I had . This new model -- ankle too tight and instep too big -- returned both .
 Purchased this elsewhere based upon claims on the label . Never again.The cleaner is supposed to be `` odor free '' - who are they kidding ! It has a powerful , searing smell that will bowl you over if you do n't have all the windows in your house/apartment open . Even then it will be hours before the aroma dissipates.Will it cure your mold problem ? I have no idea . To give it the full treatment you have spray -LRB- wait -RRB- , let stand -LRB- wait -RRB- , wipe-off -LRB- wait -RRB- , dry -LRB- wait -RRB- , and then spray again . The last spray is supposed to be left on without wiping up . Due to it 's smell , my wife and I did n't get that far so we do n't expect any long term results.Will it cure your soap scum problem ? That I can tell you . It wo n't . Our tile and glass shower looks the same now as it did before we applied the Mildewstain product.All and all , a waste of time , money , and nostril hairs .
 Not only are the fumes put off by this overwhelmingly-strong -LRB- if not as harmful as bleach -RRB- , they last for hours , and , to top things off , it 's over-priced and significantly less effective at removing mildew stains vs your typical bleach-containing cleaner . Each time I 've used it -LRB- 2-3 times , and no more -RRB- , I 've been amazed at how strong the odor is . I understand the desire for an effective non-bleach mildew fighter , but this stuff will not be replacing any of those products any time soon as your go-to .
 Boxes came in a bag and were crushed . Hopefully they still work considering you crush them to activate . Packaging was terrible and inadequte .
 I had problems with this product . I was n't able to squeeze and break the liquid bubble with my hands , so I used a hammer . I was concerned about the safety of doing this . The product did get very cold and stay cold for a long time , and could conform well to my body . I can see how this product would be good for a cold compress away from home , but it needs to be easier to activate .
 I have yet to find a product to clear up toenail fungus ... even those that are guaranteed to work . It 's logical that something should make this condition improve and I thought Footlogix did clear it up some . But it has n't worked to my satisfaction , especially for the price .
 I tried to have an open mind with this bar because of how healthy and natural it is , but it 's just not for me . The taste , smell and after taste remind me of stale beer . I could eat this if needed but it 's really unpleasant . Two of my coworkers who eat really healthy tried this but could n't get beyond 1-2 bites . I highly suggest you try a single bar before buying a 12-pack . Good luck!Coworker comments : `` Tastes like bitter metal . '' `` Should never be ingested . '' `` Not to be taken orally . ''
 BEWARE!I was confused by the description at the top claiming 150/case and a price of 4.99 , when the item description read 15/pack . I called the Medinet company directly and was told that it is in fact only 15 pads for this price.I ca n't review quality since I canceled my order .
 Pillow was not what I expected . Previous cervical pillows I have owned had a core of hard foam under each lobe and soft foam around the cores . I returned this pillow without even taking out of the bag - seller ripped me off by charging a ridiculous restocking fee . I can not recommend this pillow or this seller .
 Peppy Feet Lambswool Insoles -LRB- 2-Pack -RRB- These Peppy Feet Lambs wool inserts are too narrow , too thin and too low quality . They are not like the nice old version of the Dr. Scholl 's inserts.I do not suggest these until they resolve these problems .
 These were bought for slippers . What a mistake ! Every time I took them off , my feet would leave tuffs of lambswool everywhere . Within a month there was not any lambswool left on the insole .
 I bought these to put in my work boots , mistake , you 'll just pound them to the ground . They do not let your feet really breathe and hold sweat . Now for a walk around the house and or walking the dog in your sneakers , sure that 's what these are for . You get a pair for the price , so if you just wanted some extra play around comfort these are for you .
 I choose these insoles over the many others offered because they claimed `` 2 pack '' . Imagine my surprise when I saw `` 2-pack '' meant 1 left and 1 right insole . come on - seriously ?
 How complicated can it be to design a steady , sturdy , well-proportioned , easy-to-use male urinal ? Someone -LRB- in China ? -RRB- designed just the opposite ! Maybe it works fine for Chinese fellows , but not for me.This urinal did not cost much , but it is not worth purchasing or owning . Compared to a few others I have owned -LRB- purchased at Wal-Mart , K-Mart , etc. , -RRB- this is a disappointment , as other reviewers have confirmed . The handle is so close to the bottle , it 's difficult for most hands/fingers to get a good grip , especially when full . The rigid lid is difficult to snap and un-snap . The base is small and tends to tip or be unsteady , especially with little or no contents in the bottle . After just a few uses , some liquid has leaked into the hollow handle , but I ca n't find a way to drain it . Even the top opening is smaller than on other styles . It does n't matter whether you are a `` large '' or `` small '' guy , a larger opening would enable easier use , rinsing , cleaning , etc. I will keep this just as an emergency or spare unit , as it is neither pleasant nor practical for regular use.I suggest you look for a different style , even if at a higher price .
 I wish it was flat on the freeking bottom so I could sit it down without it falling overThanksKeith Powell
 I am not happy witht he constant burping of the fish oil . I tried refrigerating it a s directed and that did not help either . It di cause some discomfort with my being able to digest it .
 Imagine my surprise one day when the handle broke and dumped a bucket 's worth of water onto the bathroom floor . The handle broke at the elbow . Upon inspecting my 3 other identical buckets , I found them to be stressed to varying degrees at the same location . A 2nd bucket handle soon failed . I contacted the manufacturer and all they did was offer to help me find a store locally that sold the same bucket . No thanks ! I bought two Rubbermaid Rough necks with metal handles instead .
 Purchased as replacement for an old one I had . This new model -- ankle too tight and instep too big -- returned both .
 With the overwhelming number of positive reviews for this alarm , we had really high hopes . Our 10 year old son has always been wet at night , almost every night . We tried waking him up at a set time every night , limiting fluids before bed , all the usual stuff but nothing seemed to help . We even tried a medication recommended by the doctor but I was hesitant to try a prescription drug for something that he would eventually outgrow on his own.The first few weeks he used the alarm , it sometimes woke him up and sometimes did n't . When it did n't wake him up , we went in there and got him up to use the bathroom . Mind you , we had it on full vibrate and sound mode , with it rotating the sound every night.It 's been three months now , and we 're still getting very mixed results . He does wake up dry on some nights , but probably not much more than half the time . Often the alarm will not wake him up at all , or -LRB- I am just guessing here -RRB- , he must be turning it off and going back to sleep without really being fully awake.One tip - apparently if you use it a lot -LRB- as we did -RRB- , the metal contacts within the sensor can become corroded and the sensor will stop working . As another reviewer pointed out , you can disassemble the sensor to get at the insides , and fortunately it was an easy matter to clean off the contacts and get it working again . Hopefully we do n't have to do this a lot though , as taking it apart is putting stress on the plastic pieces holding it all together.At this point I am skeptical that it will every work , since our son seems to sleep right through it , but we are going to keep at it , and put a baby monitor in his room so we can be sure to get him up right when the alarm goes off . I 'm glad other people are having success but I thought I needed to post a counterpoint here to show that it 's not so `` amazing '' for everyone .
 This is a well made device . I took quite the beating while in use here with our two boys.We used this alarm for about a year total with both of our sons , unfortunately neither one had stopped wetting at night . The first -LRB- 8year old -RRB- was getting to the point where he could make a night or two each week waking up dry in the morning after 9 months of continuous use . The telephone jack connector finally broke and by the time I got a replacement he had relapsed and became frustrated , not wanting to try any longer . So the younger -LRB- 6 years old -RRB- said he was ready to try so try we did . After 3 months and no progress he refused to wear it any longer . I could n't see forcing either of the boys , they are both real good about the problem and I did n't want to sour them on future attempts . I will say that this alarm/vibrator never waked either boy and it required them either to sleep with Mom and Dad or one of us sleeping with them . Good Luck !
 I would like to tell parents my painful experience of why they should NOT buy a Malem alarm . We purchased it and IT WAS A BIG MISTAKE . The WORST purchase I ever made on Amazon is a Malem Alarm.It may seem that I am being critical of this alarm , but I am simply stating the obvious facts that are related to this product and make sure parents are aware of what are the critical issues that you need to be aware of prior to purchasing an alarm.USELESS Alarm - It is very expensive , unreliable , difficult to program and breaks very easily . Do n't get high hopes for customer support either . They may help you once or twice . After that , they will not help you any further even if the product is under warranty.Our doctor had recommended using an alarm for our 7-year-old and after reading the stellar 5-star reviews I purchased this alarm unit . It 's pricey and I thought you get what you pay for , but I was way off . The purchase of this alarm has turned out to be a frustrating experience for all of us.Dead On Arrival - We were plagued with technical issues from the first day . The unit we received was Dead on Arrival . I called customer support and they agreed to ship me a replacement . Thank you ! But that 's is when the misery started.Oversized Alarm - The description is n't accurate enough . For my 6-year old , the alarm box is bulky and heavy . He has complained that as he moves in his sleep , the alarm box moves too and hurts his neck . Unfortunately we had him sleep with it at night for 8 months.If your child moves in bed , my suggestion is you look elsewhere.Substandard Quality Alarm - One night , he removed the alarm box and it dropped from his bed to the hardwood floor and the alarm box suffered a minor crack . The plastic is not nice and will break easily.Take care . It the product falls from even 3-4 feet , it will break.Major Electrical Problems - The unit is very unreliable . We had 8 months of random electrical issues with the malem . Many users have complained in the past and I am writing the same . It goes off when it 's not supposed to and wo n't go on when it 's supposed to . This is a MAJOR FLAW in my opinion.Faint tone - He has woken up completely wet several times at night and till this day , the alarm will not wake him up.The vibration is very faint and alarm tone is also ineffective in waking up children.The unit is also very difficult to program . They give you a toothpick to program the alarm box . There are little white buttons in there which need to be flipped to get the right music to play.TIP
 The alarm is not loud . It does not wake up my 7 year old daughter . She moves in her bed and the alarm sound gets muffled under the blanket . So far , in the last 4 weeks , the alarm has woken my daughter only about 3 -4 times . I wish this alarm were louder . Also its bulky for anyone under 8 years old . Its kinda clunky.We have gone back to pullups . She will outgrow the problem someday .
 After reading numerous reviews , and getting this recomendation from our doctor , we decided to purchase this alarm . I was very excited about it and had high hopes for it . However , we had to replace the batteries twice a week - learned that the hard way - with a wet bed . And now the darn thing does n't even work after having it less than a MONTH !! We decided to get the more exensive alarm because my child is a deep deep sleeper and thought ` if we are going to invest in this alarm might as well get the best one . ' Yes , it did wake my child up . So I gave it 2 stars for when it was working . However , it 's already broken . So lets hope we can replace this one and get another and try again or get our money back .
 Product did its job for 3 nights . Despite concerns about the comfort of the clip/cable/shoulder pack , my child -LRB- a deep sleeper -RRB- awoke in time to get to the bathroom before any damage was done . But when trying to install it on the 4th night , the alarm sounded every time the sensor cable was attached . Both the alarm and sensor seem poorly/cheaply constructed -- not what I expected for a $ 100 + moisture sensor . I 'll be returning it and trying a different brand . I 'm convinced the concept will work , but I do n't think I got what I paid for .
 The idea seems good that someone -LRB- or something -RRB- would wake my son if he peed at night . However this is n't working . Granted that he has woken up a few nights , but that is about 4-5 times in the last 90 days . The last several weeks he has not responded to the alarm . We have been very patient and followed the advice of others who have used alarms in the past -LRB- with limited and mixed success -RRB- . The problem is that it is n't loud . He moves around a lot and the sound gets muffled under the sheets.We have discontinued the alarm . 3 months was too long not to make progress .
 My son is not using because he did not realize he had to wear &#34; NORMAL &#34; undies instead of boxers . My son is older so it would probably work better for a kid that is younger than 12 .
 The beeping part comes with a plastic stick and an array of buttons to program . You have to be a genius/scientist to get it all figured out . You will have to open the unit and use the stick to change the music.We lost the stick , so now we are having difficulty with the product . Anyway , the product is not working even after 3 weeks . We have broken the easy clip and had to pay for replacements which in my opinion are not worth it.I was waking up 3 times a night and cleaning the sensor with a toothbrush as recommended . In one week , it 's all rusty and potentially dangerous . Nope , this is n't going to work for us .
 Problems from the start
 I ordered the alarm as a last resort for my 7 year old . When it arrived , I helped set it up and told him how it would work . He was eager to start using the Malem.The first night , the product did not beep and he woke up in a pool of urine . Same thing happened over the next 4 nights . I readjusted the clip to his very bottom which was uncomfortable for him , but it was the only way to ensure it found urine . When it did , he screamed and came running to me . The clip is so tight on the underwear that he was not able to take it off and the alarm kept ringing for a full 2 minutes . My son was in tears and shock.He is scared to use the product . He has enough problems . I do not want to add more insult to injury . This is not a good product .
 Ive tried and tried to use the malem alarm but have had no luck . My son just wo n't wake up to the alarm . No matter what . I had some issues with the sensor clip breaking after attaching and removing it from the underwear . I purchased a spare clip , but the same thing happened . I could keep buying replacement sensor 's , but what worries me is that the malem will not wake him up . It 's been about 2 months now . I think its time to quit .
 Worked really well for about 1 week , were making some progress , then it just stopped working . New batteries , addressed the FAQ in the booklet , etc. all to no avail . For $ 90 product I would expect it would last longer than 7 days ...
 I had this for my son , after about 3 weeks of usage , the clip which hooks on to clothes broke so the alarm is allways on and hence not usable . Tried contacting the seller , no response yet.Definatley not worth the ~ $ 120 I paid for it
 I do n't blame the device entirely ... we are a family on sleep meds - and taking those and waking to an alarm every few hours does NOT mix . We stopped using it after two weeks . Never made a lot of progress . Darn . I think it would be a good product if we were n't on such sedating sleep meds .
 I bought these becuase my stock inserts were `` lost '' while I was cleaning my shoes . I went a couple days with no insert at all . When I got them and put them in , it was worse than having no insert at all . It literally felt like there were golf balls , or ping pong balls in my shoes . In fact , the the arch of the insert didnt even line up on both my feet . They were about an inch off . There was more pressure on my heel than there was support on my arch . It was so bad , I took them out half way through my second day of work with them , and threw them away . I am learning more and more how important quality shoes are , and if you need inserts with arch support , dont waste your money online , go to a shoe store and see a professional
 HolaLa plantilla que compre no sirve a mi zapato . Soy 12 y las plantillas 12 no caben en mis zapatos.Que mal
 The insoles are very heavy , and they make slight sound when I use them . Another issue is when I use them in hot weather . They are make your feet so hot .
 They 're comfortable , but less comfortable than the insoles that came with my boots . I 've been wearing them a while now , and they 've flattened out and become much less comfortable than they began . If I had held onto the original insoles , I 'd have thrown these away after about a month .
 I have another pair of Spencos that were simply outstanding . Their website suggested that , instead of the green insoles for my running shoes , I get these since I am on my feet standing a lot . Unfortunately , a mistake . While these initially feel comfortable , after a few hours the deficiencies appear . They are thin , with poorly distributed padding . About 75 % of the padding is located directly under the heel , 15 % in a little bleb about mid foot on the outside of the foot -LRB- to offset the ball of the foot -RRB- and the balance of the padding throughout the sole itself.They do not have enough padding , nor padding in the most appropriate places , to provide any real improvement over stock insoles . The only advantage for the Gel Insoles over the Polysorb Cross Trainers is the thickness . These are much thinner . If you can not fit a thicker insole like the Polysorb into your shoe , then this is a viable option . Otherwise , avoid.The insoles I 'd suggest instead areSpenco Polysorb Cross Trainer , Men 's 14-15 .
 This product does not contain Ma Huang as it states . Do not purchase this product if this herb is what you are looking for . And , what is worse , the seller aparantly refuses to correct the description error . They have been made well aware of the erroneous description .
 The ingredients it claims to contains that the seller has written are incorrect . It does nothing for a cold or congestion . I would give it two stars for taste but since the ingredients are not correct and it does nothing for cold and congest it deserves one star . I will not buy again .
 I was n't a real big fan of this product . I 'm big on whitening my teeth , and I thought the powder mixture combined with the whiten teeth and get fresh breath all in one would end up being a favorite , but that was n't the case . Actually using it was n't so bad , but it made my teeth feel really grimy afterwards . I would actually brush my teeth to try to get rid of the feeling after I was done using it , because I could n't stand what my teeth felt like . Not one I would recommend.I received this product in my monthly Birchbox .
 I did not like the condition of this product that was sent to meIt was wet and badly damaged by the spills from the liquid mouthrinse.It smelt very bad and the box appeared very old and used , not new at all .
 I ordered these Lecithin caps and threw the opened one away when about 1/2 full . The capsules are weak and the lecithin leaks out . I had to take a handfull of caps and roll them between paper towels to use them at all . Then they continued leaking in a pill box . I will never order this product or any other from the manufacturer again .
 I ca n't say that this really helped . I did n't notice a difference at all and I gave it several months of trying it over and over again . I will not purchase this item again .
 I prayed these would work as my son is teething horribly but he might have well had water . it had absolutely no effect .
 This product was out of date by four years when I received it . I call that a rip off . I believe it should be , buyer beware . I would return it , but I have used it for almost a week . The company had put a cost strip over the date . After steaming that strip off , I found the date , 12 , 2008 , underneath .
 Have been using this product on my bounding for a month , i can only see a slight difference on my teeth -LRB- 4-yr bounding -RRB- which is great but i am not sure the price is worth it .
 This machine would not turn on at all two months after I bought it . I used it as per manufacturer 's instructions . I checked that the batteries worked . This item `` feels cheaply '' manufactured and I would not recommend it to anyone . I ended up returning it to the manufacturer for credit towards a more expensive model that charges with a cord , and have been using it ever since .
 I was disappointed with this product . The length guide came apart in my hands right out of the box . Never went back together properly after that . All the accessories are cheap plastic that do not fit onto the trimmer properly . After one use the battery compartment door would not close properly . I have owned WAHL products in the past and have been reasonably satisfied but this item is not worth the money .
 Cuts very well . Nice and sharp ! Its small size makes it great for travel , but not so good for regular use because after every 2 or 3 uses , I have to change the battery . It eats batteries so fast , you can hear it slowing down the moment you start using it . You 'll do much better to get a rechargeable one .
 Took it out of the box , put the battery in , didnt switched on . Tried a different battery still didnt work.Sending back for now , Will update the review after recieve a new one .
 My husband bought this for me because of the many great reviews but it did nothing for me ... might as well just buy a regular back massager from Wal-Mart !
 The quality of this product is not good . After having this produst about 3 months and about 5 uses , it got so noisy that it sounds like it is going to fly apart . I contacted the supplier and they said they only guarantee their products for 30 days . Not near worth the $ 60.00 we paid for the product . Also poor customer service from the supplier .
 i have had this for 8 months and the wand part broke off . I did n't even use it that often .
 Well I really thought i was getting a high quality piece not a loud obnoxious toy . Thats all I have to say !
 Having only used this item a dozen times in the last 4 months only to find that it no longer works ... very disappointed .
 The Hitachi wand : You CAN NOT get a refund on this at this s i t e , if you are not satisfied.Does Not have enough power.Attachments are awfully uncomfortable . They are hard & painfully uncomfortable !! Ouch!Also the white bulb is not very soft , pliable , flexible.Switch is funky ; having to go between off just to get to high , and bad placement on handle.This Hitachi wand is also shorter than the A&E ; -LRB- which IS nice -RRB- ... Here I thought this was the same thing as the Adam & Eve wand . It is NOT !! We had the A&E ; wand for 3-5 yrs ... -LRB- just now been getting hot really fast last 6 months -RRB- ... The Adam & Eve ; d o t c o m wand is SO much stronger ... the buttons are placed in a better location on the wand , and you do n't have to go between off to get to high . And the bulb is softer , more pliable / more comfortable . AND ... . they will ALWAYS guarantee you satisfaction or your money back , no questions asked !! ; - -RRB-
 I have used this product , at most , five times and now it is not working !!! I came home from class stressed as ever and I wanted to relax , but I ca n't . I am so angry and very disappointed in this product . This is the first time I 've had a problem with a product that I purchased from Amazon . WHY ?!?!?!? Today is a horrible day . : -LRB-
 I do n't know about the product because I have n't used it , but I do know that DAB does n't accept returns , even if the product is unopened
 this wand massager is very famous so that I decided to but one . I am so frustrated because It has stopped working after only two times in 3 days . Each time of use was about 5-10 min . I contacte the seller who advised me to contact the manufacturer . I find it is very annoying to buy a product online and then you find it non functioning so you have to go through the headaches and pains of re-packing and re-shipping the device . When you pay money you expect some good products and good quality . This is the second time in Amazon . I have decided not to buy any electronics or electrical products from Amazon . My advise to you is to read the negative reviews on any product rather than the positive ones which is usually not all true .
 Not worth the money and the vendor wo n't exchange or refund because policy is not to return items that touch private parts . Well they did not even ask , they simply rejected my email . For your and the companies information i tried the product against my arm , not private parts . it is unsatisfactory and now i 'm stuck with a $ 50 plus piece of junk . i suggest to never buy 3rd party items via amazon . Only buy what amazon stocks themselves . Amazon always stands by the products the sell but apparently not for 3rd party products .
 Product came as described . No issues . We used it once and have n't since . She said it was way too much power and that she could n't feel the sensation . Just way too much . She went back to her minature dolphin which seems to do the job in a fraction of the time ... She compared it to riding a zero turn lawn mower ... Sorry .
 I will never purchase another item from AmericanWholesale again , their customer service is the worst , you can only contact them via email -LRB- no number to call at all -RRB- , I tried to explian my reason of returning this item -LRB- -LRB- do n't get me wrong the product Calendula Ointment is great !! -RRB- -LRB- I will go to the health food store for now on -RRB- -RRB- but I could n't get anyone to understand me & after many emails that contact my contact number NOBODY called to talk to me , then after I returned my item they missplaced my return . If someone called me we could have resolved my issue in one day vs. 1 month .
 I had read the statement that said ` discontinued - alarm not working ! `` BUT , I have one identical that I 've used for almost 3 years , and I love it , until the alarm mechanism was stuck on , and I could n't shut it up ! Anyway , this store had 2 in stock , and I thought , oh well , the one worked fine for quite awhile , I 'll just go ahead and buy the two , and I 'll have the other one on hand for the future - way out future!Wrong - neither of the 2 received alarms works correctly ... One keeps losing time , and the other keeps losing power , which makes everything else off ... the alarms , the time , and I miss taking my pills.I 'll be looking for a new and improved replacement for all of them - very soon !
 Its hard to program , as in the buttons have to be mashed for ten minutes to get it to respond to your programing request , its not loud enough and mine died after one week .
 Timex Daily Medication ManagerPurchased this for my Dad who is up in years , there were two reasons I purchased it . The Timex name and the positive reviews.Well after the first one we ordered we tried to set the timer for 6am , 12pm ,6 pm ,12 am we were only able to set three of the times and on the 4th we got a error.So we called the phone number on the manual and spoke with a operator who walked us through this simple process . It would not work for her either so she said return it as its bad.I called Amazon and they were great about the return process and also sent out another unit by 2 business days shipping . Well it arrived today , so we went to program it to go off every 6 hours -LRB- 6a ,12 p ,69,12 a -RRB- and now were were only able to program the first two and then the errors came back.So back to the operator from what I thought was Timex an she said that the unit is bad and if I want I could ship the unit to them for repair on my dime -LRB- no way -RRB- So I called Amazon and explained what happened again and once again they were great about it . I was promptly sent a return shipping label.As a list ditch effort I looked up the Timex companies phone and called them , I was told flat out were do not make the product we just Licensed the Timex name to Medport .2 bad one is a row ! Would you take a chance on a 3rd ? Sorry no chump here.AMAZON is a Fantastic Company but I really would not recommend this unit to anyone due to the apparent lack of quailty control . Oh one other thing ! Amazon call back feature is simply outstanding , I sure whish some other companies would use this !
 This is the worst reminder ever . For starters , it 's very quiet . You wo n't hear it from the next room . Second , it gives up too quickly . It tries briefly and quietly three times over a 2-minute period , and then it just gives up . That 's it . If you leave the room for a couple of minutes , you miss your pills .
 Unfortunately mine arrived with about 1/4 of the LEDs not working . There 's no way to contact the company online for customer service .
 I got a replacement item for the Timex I originally requested . The replacement is doing the job ...
 This product contains an artificial sweetner that has several health risk . The product works well but it causes breathing problems.Sucralose Side EffectsDespite approval of the FDA , many people surely suffer from the sucralose toxicity and several symptoms of sucralose allergy . Following are the various sucralose dangers . * Gastrointestinal problems like bloating , nausea and diarrhea * Skin irritations , rashes , hives , swelling and itching * Breathing difficulties , wheezing * Runny nose , cough * Palpitation , chest muscle pain , itchy eyes * Anxiety , depression , mood swings , sudden onset of angerApart from these , following are several other side effects of sucralose that can also be fatal and life threatening . * Enlarged liver and kidneys * Reduced growth rate * Atrophy of lymph follicles in the thymus and spleen * Increased cecal weight * Hyperplasia of the pelvis * Decreased fetal body weights * Decreased placental weights * Extension of pregnancy period * Decreased red blood cell count * Aborted pregnancy or stillbirth
 I have osteoporosis and have been using OsteoPeak for over 2 years . My recent bone density showed a worsening in my numbers after 2-1/2 years , from -2.5 to -2.7 for the hip and from -2.0 to -2.3 for the lumbar spine . Needless to say , I was very disappointed . Perhaps it would be worse if I was n't taking OsteoPeak , but I thought this product was supposed to increase bone density , not just slow down the loss . Because I 'm not sure what effect it has had , I can only give it 2 stars . My doctor wants me to take Fosamax , Actonel , Boniva , or Miaclacin , but I said no . I am now taking 1000mg a day of the mineral strontium which is proven to increase bone density . But do n't take it with calcium , because the strontium wo n't be absorbed if you do .
 Homeodente homeopathic toothpaste by boiron ? I hope this is a typo - $ 100 ??? Please correct the amount on your site . thank you !
 Manufacturer 's LIST price on this item is $ 6.89 and you ask $ 100 ???? Hopefully this is a typo that will soon be corrected . If you are serious , I somehow think a couple of complaint e-mails to Boiron will cut off your supply .
 I have personally applied the magnets to areas of concern and have experienced relief in a minimal amount of time ! I suggest that those who experience areas of discomfort , give them a try . Example
 I had back pain and a tennis elbow . For my back pain the magnetic set was just ok but for my tennis elbow it was n't good at all , it did n't help . Very disappointed !
 This product was good back in 2008 now it 's not worth anything to keep on wearing . Problem is that the brief leaks overnight unless I use a booster pad from select . The tapes keep on popping off and you need booster pads to make it more absorbent . I do not recommend these to anyone with heavy to complete loss of bladder control .
 This was really extreme experience for me.I 'm 190 lb . After one pill I was red and swollen during 2 or 3 hours and then scratched myself several days like if I was bitten by thousand mosquitoes . I thrown it away next day.This was my real experience , now after reading all comments I 'm thinking that maybe I was wrong taking this high dose.May be 200 mg I should try lower dose because 1000 mg is for `` professionals '' . BUT again I 'm not trying to advertise other products - some people can have really extreme experience with this product .
 Way too `` watery '' - not a thick/dense gel . Like sitting on a roller-coaster seat . Plus it makes embarrassing noises like a `` whoopie-cushion '' .
 It is very cold and moves too much . It never warmed up . A waste of money . No return address . Could n't use .
 Just as Cynthia Fuben complained in her review , this neck massager produces no heat . The subtle vibration is pleasant but will not relax the tensed neck muscles without heat . Nice ad but poor performance . I suggest you look for a product that actually provides the elements that are advertised on the box . There are products in the marketplace that actually do what they claim , so I am going to return this product and find one that actually produces heat AND has a real vibrating mechanism in it . BEWARE THE WORD `` GENTLE VIBRATION '' !!! David Hall
 This does n't even deserve 1 star . This supposed `` relaxation '' gadget was a complete waste of time and money . It had NO HEAT as advertised and the vibration just left my ears itching . -LRB- ... -RRB- Instead of relaxing , it has increased my stress level 150 % !! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I received the massager when expected.The neck massager is not made for people with large neck sizes -LRB- 18 -RRB- as the massage is very weak.The different sounds were distorted and to loud.I had a friend try it on who has a smaller neck size and she seemed to like the massage and also said the sounds were distorted and to loud .
 This did not bring any tension relief but may have actually increased it . Buy something else . I would have returned it if I had n't missed the return window .
 Did n't like it so sent it back . I do n't know what else to say . It arrived on time . Nothing else to review .
 I inherited this item and have used it more than 20 times . I was shocked to see how expensive it is even with the huge discount offered here . The headphone is unidirectional which means it only works when you 're facing the base . Turn a little to the side , and you get a lot of static or it cuts out . Lift a drink to your mouth or scratch your nose , and it cuts out when your hand or arm crosses in front of it . Unlike many of the other headphones available , it does n't work around corners or through walls.The ear buds are uncomfortable with no adjustments . The receiver part hangs below your chin , and even though the unit does n't feel very heavy at first , it feels rather cumbersome after you 've been using it for an hour or two . Also , it 's mono ! Do they even make mono TV sets anymore ? That means you can only plug it into either the right or left channel on your TV , and it 's practically useless for listening to music.There are headphones less than half the price of this one that are stereo , more comfortable to wear , and work around corners and through walls . I 'd go with one of those if you do n't want to be confined to your chair facing the TV all night .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 OK , love love Laura Mercier foundation , however , this blend is off . I actually looked at LM site to compare bottles since I believed it was not authentic , different made in locations ??? Not saying but check your formula before you order. , The oil free blush ivory I received is sooo much sheerer than my department store purchase . Best to try it on . I 'll stick to department stores for my foundation & spend the extra 5-10 bucks .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I was kind of disappointed with the Black & Decker Power Mop , it is to bottom heavey to flip the scrubbing brush easily . You have to use two hands to flip the brush down and two hands to push the brush away.I have already told friends `` do n't bother to spend $ 49 for this mop , it is n't worth the money.Get a women to design this product . I ca n't believe a women would have found this easy to use .
 When a `` power mop '' is advertised as if it has so much `` POWER '' and then it comes with batteries , it 's not good . Very dissapointed by the product when I put the batteries in , put a little pressure on the scrubber , and it started to die right out . Sorry , that 's defineately not going to work on grout and tile in the kitchen . I believe it would be a better product if it had power from an outlet . Thank you .
 When I saw the commercial for this I thought this was exactly what I wanted . It 's like a swiffer wetjet , but with a scrubber to clean my grout that the swiffer ca n't , and I can use my own cleaning product ! I rushed to buy it . After one week the sprayer stopped spraying anything . I returned it for a new one and it did the same thing so I got a refund and went back to my swiffer . I was very disappointed in this product . I expected much more from Black & Decker , hopefully they will fix the defects in this product as it is an ingenius idea .
 I was all to excited to receive this item . Assembly was pretty simple and did n't take long . However , on my first attempt to use the scrubber I found it difficult to get it to lock into place -LRB- I believe it may have been a defect heck possibly even user error -RRB- . It was somewhat heavy which made it difficult to maneuver around . My other issue with this product it that unlike it 's Swiffer counterpart you have to manually squeeze a lever each and every time you want solution to come out of the mop . This part is not battery operated , similar to a water gun , and since I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome this could be more of an aggravator having to squeeze this trigger to wet my entire floor , and with two toddler boys that would be a LOT of squeezing . I think this was an excellent concept and hope they tweak this item a little more making it a tad lighter and improve the liquid cleaner delivery system . Unless and until they do -LRB- improve it -RRB- I 'll be sticking with my former floor cleaning system . Sorry B&D .
 Surprisingly bad design by Black and Decker . well , actually , the scrubber is cool . But the liquid shoots out with all the power of a dollar store squirt gun . then it eventually clogs up and the spray barely comes out at all . there were no Black and Decker pads for this on the market -LRB- that I could find in 12/2006 -RRB- and I have n't liked attaching what are essentially wet wipes to the bottom of it . So we went back to our swiffer and wrote this off as a mistake .
 I couldnt wait to get this for christmas -LRB- becasue it was sold out at every store in my area -RRB- The item went together faily easy but could not get it to spray out the cleaning solution . I had to TAKE PARTS OUT of where there liquid goes in just to get it to half way work
 I bought this mop when it first came out a few months ago . In retrospect I should have waited and read the reviews first . At first it worked fine but after only a few uses the spray bottle stopped spraying . I called Black and Decker customer service , but they were no help at all . They told me that there were problems with the mop and that I should take it to a local shop to have it fixed . Well , I do n't have a lot of spare time , so I thought that I 'd just use it without the attached sprayer . I used my own spray bottle . However , just after using the mop a few more times the whole thing completely broke apart . The brush broke off and the mop would n't fold back into it 's normal position . At that point I was so fed up with the mop and Black and Decker customer service that I just tossed it in the trash . The company itself has acknowledged that there are problems with this mop . It 's a shoddy piece of junk and should be taken off the market .
 Product was broken on arrival . Seller chadandnani would not take back . Had to call the factory for a replacement.Would never buy from this seller again . I do n't think they care as long as they got rid of thier defective product .
 The concept is great , but the execution is poor . I loved the idea of the rotating brush for vinyl floors , and that did work well . The mop is very heavy , but I discovered I did n't have to press down on it , kind of like using a heavier iron . The big problem is the sprayer-it was so hard to use I had to use both hands , and I have pretty strong hands . The idea of carrying an extra spray bottle with you defeats the purpose of the thing . I gave up and threw it away .
 I am very very disappointed with this product . I was so excited to get it because I thought it would clean my tile that I have such a problem getting clean . NOPE !! I ca n't even get the mop pads to stay on ! They keep ripping off . The sprayer does n't spray very well and the scrub brush works when it wants too . Save your money !!
 I was unable to try the power mop because it would n't run . I bought brand new batteries to exchange for the furnished ones and it made no difference -- the thing still would not run . The mop part was just a Swiffer which I really do n't care for at all . I packed it up per your internet instructions and sent it back -LCB- a few days after Christmas -RRB- . Frankly I have been surprised that you have not credited my charge card.In answer to your original question , I did n't like the product at all and would never recommend it.Hattie Landman
 I thought choosing a &#34; Black & Decker &#34; product I would be good , ... . well , Not at all . The product does not fit together to look like picture , even after taking it apart and trying 2 more times . the liquid canister does not secure into place ... the trigger is stuck in , ... and the most important feature , the scrubber , does not scrubb ! ... I still have to put major pressure to clean coffee spots/drips and still I would rather just get on my hands and knee because it is a lot quicker!Totally Disappointed !
 I just brought this product and it was a waste of money . It did not steam well and linked water all over my wood floors ... I am returning this item asap .
 I do n't understand how a respectable company like Black & Decker is willing to sell this product ; it 's unwieldly , the sprayer does n't work with any conviction -LRB- it drizzles -RRB- and the scrubber has no power behind it . It was so bad , we thought perhaps we 'd put it together wrong , so dis-and reassembled the whole thing . It was still junk . I threw it in the garbage after one use.Save yourself the money and stick with the swiffer wet jet and bending over to scrub the tough spots - it takes a LOT less time and work .
 The scrubber works well getting scuff marks off of my wood floors , although does n't do much on the grout on my tile floor.Squirter does n't always work , and only the pads that came with the product seem to work and I am not sure where to find them.I think just a swiffer would do .
 had trouble finding out how to put it together -- then the motor started and would not stop -- had trouble getting the bottom in the right angle to stop it and then the slightest movement and it would go on again.I would return it but it is too heavy to move -- heavy to move to make it change to mop part from brush part and making the motor stop was a formidable task.I will let he battery run out and try it a few more times and try to use it just as a heavy mop . that should not take too long .
 I really hate I bought this item . From what it looked like on television it would be a great product . NOT ! I already have the Clorox Mop but thought that this would be better than the Clorox Mop . Big mistake . The commercial is misleading and the solution does not even squirt out like the Clorox Mop does . You have to keep pushing the nob to get the solution out . I will continue to use my Clorox Mop , glad I did not throw it away . Feel like throwing this one away and the money that I wasted on buying it plus the shipping and handling costs !
 I was very disspointed in this product . It is much heavier than I thought . The scrubber head moves as described but does n't remove dirt from crevices with any efficiency . A sponge and elbow grease would do the job faster . The bottle that contains the liquid gets jammed so the liquid is unable to squirt on to the floor . The lever that switches the mop head to scrubber is awkward and retracts at times . There is n't a good thing to say about it .
 I bought this power mop for my daughter for Christmas , and it broke the first time she used it .
 This power mop is the worst product from Black and Decker that I ever had . It is clumsy , heavy , and awkward to use . In addition the spray mechanism stops spraying after a few uses . Amazon replaced the unit with a new one and it failed in the same way after a few uses . My wife went back to her Clorox swifter . My wife does like the power brush on the B&D mop , but that feature does not make up for of the other inadequacies and design defects .
 I was all excited that I could put any solution i want in it and that it had a scrubber , but when i got it . It was so hard to put together . Then the cleaner i put in started to leak . Then the handle part kept on coming apart . Then it did n't look right . The mop pads are a joke , they do n't just come off when you turn the knob which i ca n't even do that . It does not take any mop pads because the swiffer wet jet mop pads are my fave and I had to put velro on the bottom so that they would work on it . And most of all the thing is so heavy . You have to have some upper body streanth just to move it . The scrubber head is no were near how big it look on Tv . It was a very big dissapointment not to mention it was my Xmas present to my self . Black and Decker should stick to power tools and leave the mops up to swiffer . I love my Swiffer wet Jet . Best Mop I have ever used . Wish they would make it so i could use any cleaning solution that i wanted though .
 None of the mop pads I 've bought stay on the mop , even the one that came with it , making it useless !
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I appreciate that this is pure and unlike many diet supplements I feel it would do no harm , no chems or stimulants.But I did n't notice that it helped hunger much either .
 This extract did not decrease my appetite . If anything it increased my appetite . Do n't wasteyour money .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I am also following the low carb diet and have tried several different bars . With one exception , they are all horrible . I 'm not a picky eater & would tolerate lesser quality in the name of losing weight . But these -LRB- very expensive -RRB- bars are n't worth it.The only brand/flavor I like is Atkins Apple Crisp bars . They have a rice krispy texture and a half way decent apple flavor.They are very hard to locate in the local stores .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I was desperate to find something that would take out oil/petroleum stains . I found Carbona Stain Devil # 5 here on Amazon . I did n't have much to lose , so I ordered it . After using , there was no change in the shirt stain . -LRB- Perhaps I did n't use it right ? I do n't know . -RRB- Luckily , I did try a combination of Spray & Wash and High-Concentrated All . This combination happened to work , before my g/f found out what I did to the new shirt she got me .
 I am so very disappointed by this product . As the mother of small children , I often have food crumbs , water , and other small items littering my dining room -LRB- wood -RRB- floor , kitchen -LRB- wood -RRB- floor , and lving room carpet . When I saw this item , I became very excited to have a small , powerful , and quiet device that I could use every day in all three rooms ... no more pulling out the loud vacuum cleaner for the living room and then getting out the broom or dust sweeper for the dining room and kitchen ! However , I have found this cleaner does not perform as promised , and the description on Amazon is simply not true . The sweeper does a satisfactory job on carpet , although I have to bend over and pick up threads anytime they are on the carpet . It does not work AT ALL on the wood floor ; it merely pushes everything around . I 've tried and tried , and and it just does n't pick up on the wood floor . The most I can do with it is use it to push items over to my broom . For about $ 50 less , I could have bought a new broom and dustpan . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 While it does pick up some stuff off bare floors , it also leaves much behind , as proven by a light sweeping over the same area . Being made of plastic that easily gets a static charge , a lot of the fines particles and dust clings to the inside of the thing . Should have been made of a metal stamping , but I suppose that would have cost a dollar more .
 This thing is more of a time waster than anything , you might as well stick to your trusty ol vaccuum that gets everthing . This thing only pushes debree around , and sometimes you may think its picked something up , but then you see its in a different spot . You would save yourself alot of time and get a better quality job if you just get your vacuum out . If your looking for a good vacuum I have tried several and the best vacuum I 've found is the The `` Big Vac '' which you can order off of -LSB- ... -RSB- website its not the prettiest vacuum , but I have used those prettier vacuums like Dyson and they make it harder and more time consuming to change between tools , this vacuum is made much more simply and its the easiest vacuum to use that I ' v ever tried , its not heavy so its easier on you and very lightweight and easy to push , it has great suction , the way the canister is made its very stable so you wo n't have to worry about it toppling over like some canister vacs , and the customer service is excellent and you earn points on your purchases that you can use on future purchases , they sell all kinds of great cleaning products , and the beater bar is the perfect size it can fit under alot of furniture and can swivel around table legs , which saves you alot of time , most beater bars on vacuums are so high you ca n't vacuum under furniture or maneuver very well because they are so wide . I 've had mine for 6years and its never broke down . Best vacuum I 've ever had . I also clean other peoples houses and used their vacuums , I also would not recommend Rainbow vacuums or that other really expensive one that door to door salespeople sell you , I believe it starts with a B , I 've tried both and they are not easy to use at all , and how much they are charging people for those is Highway bank robbery .
 Beware , the star rating on this item has been inflated by several fake reviews . If you look carefully , you 'll notice that about 20 % of the reviews -LRB- most of the 5-star ratings -RRB- were all posted on August 19 , and use almost identical language.Ignore them , they 're unrealistic .
 Not impressed at all ... The vibrator is about 2 inches long and rest right on your pubic bone ... not very comfy and I looked like I was packing like commando . The remote control device also is in the thong above the vibe . . again alot of bulk in the thong . Then when I turned it on it was SO loud ... everyone in any room would know what you were up to ... The worse part is it was unreturnable . So now im out $ 50 some bucks and not even gon na be able to enjoy it
 Purchased for a fun trip with hubby to Vegas . But the panties are way too loud ... even in a casino . I do n't know who would wear these in public without someone hearing it . Very disappointed . I have had a pair of these 10 years ago and I did not remember what company they were from , but they were great and quiet . Very sad that these have to stay at home and are not returnable .
 Purchased this product for my wife . The vibrator is just a little too louder for most places we go . It spends more time sitting on bottom of toy box . I suggest spending this type of money on something you can get daily use out of with the misses . Such as a hitachi magic wand .
 I ca n't believe Amazon would even consider selling a piece of junk like this ! It worked fine for one minute then it broke ! Please do yourself a favor and do n't purchase this product unless you like to WASTE your money . The remote is sub-quality , the panties are cheap and the battery pack makes them very uncomfortable to wear . I ca n't believe the reviews that rate this product with more than one star ! These people must work for California Exotics because there is no other reason for them to rate it so high . Junk is junk and this product is junk and just happens to be the only garbage product we have purchased form Amazon.com . Amazon , do yourself and your customers a favor and STOP selling this defective product , NOW !!
 This product worked for only a few hours over the period of less than a week and completely quit . I have contacted the company twice by email for assistance and have received no response . A product originally priced at $ 100 and on sale for $ 52 should be more reliable and last longer than 6 days . Also the company has a responsibility to its customers to be responsive to communications from its customers . Based on my experience , my advice would be for Amazon to discontinue advertising a product manufactured by a company that has no intentions to satisfy or even cares about the satisfaction of their customers . If they had only taken the time to respond to my emails which were sent within 10 days of the delivery date , my opinion would be significantly different .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I bought after reading the positive reviews on other sites . I bought it on amazon because of the price . It was cheaper . I read the directions and used the product accordingly.Unfortunately , I can not say that I felt or saw the difference in my body energy , or waste . I am an herb user and take the time to notice any differences in my body when using new products.So I can not recommend this product to others . I am only giving it 2 stars because it did not hurt me .
 terrible advertising , nowhere does it state that the legs are wider than the chair seat , it does n't fit in our tub because the legs come out to wide . a big mistake
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 The seat arrived in a timely manner . It also arrived without a back like the image shows . I live in a mobie home and it would not sit flat in the tub . Even when I shortened the legs they hit the radus of the tub . I could n't use it at all .
 This seat does not come with a back , even though the picture has a back AND no where on the product listing does it say that there is no back for this chair . Thank you for making me return the chair to purchase a new one due to misinformation and misleading advertising .
 I have been using these for 4 months and I have yet to see a positive result . The closest I 've come to a positive result was when 2 lines appeared ! I tested multiple times that day and my line never got darker than the control line but apparently the presence of 2 lines was the sign that I was ovulating because we got pregnant.So the test results were negative all week , but I definitely ovulated ! I 've rated 2 stars for the very minute off chance I missed the hormone surge , but like I said I tested all day , all week.Also , no instructions came with them so I had to look them up online and ask around .
 I do n't recommend this product . About 1/3 of them did n't work -LRB- no test results -RRB- . It 's hard to tell when you use one of those faulty ovulation tests on the ovulation date .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 These batteries died quickly even though I bought a name brand . I 've had some off brands last longe than these .
 Sure , they 're only batteries . But they 're MY batteries . Packing was completely destroyed . I would not be able to put these with gifts this season .
 I bought these because it looked like I was getting a good deal . When they got here , I noticed they are a couple years old . Disappointing because I bought these for the shelf life .
 The package came with a few leaking batteries -LRB- pictures uploaded -RRB- , and what first comes to my mind is that they have been in that package for a long time . I did n't get a chance to test the remaining batteries . The appearance is ok , but I 'm not so sure about their quality once many batteries were covered by a white powder and some viscous liquid -LRB- I presumed is the battery acid leak -RRB- . Lesson learned , next time I 'll consider getting fresh batteries at a local store , where you can check expiration date , package and batteries conditions , etc before you buy it .
 I Ordered Energizer Max batteries - as pictured . I received the Energizer Industrial Batteries that had an Energizer Max sticker stuck on the outside of the box . And the box was cut open - with Industrial Batteries inside . I 'm not sure what happened here , but they were returned .
 Stocking up on batteries and searching for the best bargain ? I suggest you skip this one . I was also looking for a great deal on batteries that I planned on storing for emergency use , this was the best price I could find on 9 volts . When I received the package I checked the date of production ... 2009 . It is now November 2012 so these batteries are at least 3 years old maybe more . From what I have read the life span of 9 volts is about 5 years so these batteries now need to be used up pronto AND I still need to buy more for my emergency stash . Not exactly the bargain I was looking for.If you are using these immediately I have nothing negative to say . In November 2012 this was the best deal I could find on Amazon .
 Just got the 16 pack . Totally ripped open . Batteries spilling all over the box . They are dated to expire on 03-2018 . We 'll see . I 've tested some . They work . But the package looks so old and beaten up that I 'm wondering about the life of these batteries no matter what the expiration date is . Plus , the package contains a little plastic car from the TransFormers movie . A little dated ??????? I 'll post another review if this turns out to be a flop .
 Batteries came in a plastic bag and when I went to place them in the air pump I purchased them for they had very little `` juice '' to them . the company said they tested the voltage and these batteries were NEW but the clearly were not !
 After I ordered these I found that a previous order had batteries that were essentially `` dead '' . Too late to stop this one , althought they were fine . But why buy batteries I have to check individually every time . Not worth the trouble .
 New 9V batteries are supposed to be good for 5 years or close to it , according to Energizer . The batteries sent to me were old , it says right there on the battery they expire in 3 years . I do n't use 9V as often as the other sizes so I might have them for a while therefore I need maximum shelf life . Mostly they will be used in smoke detectors which take a long time to use up a battery . It 's not a good deal if you end up throwing them out before having a chance to use them .
 Unfortunately , 0 stars was not an option . I purchased two 8 Packs of Energizer D Batteries to use in an O2 Cool Camping Fan -LRB- which BTW I recommend wholeheartedly -RRB- . The 1st 8 Pack worked Fine . The 2nd 8 Pack , with six years left for freshness , were dead ... I repeat ... * D * E * A * D * . I placed them in the appliance for which I bought them ... not once ... not twice ... but three times ... each time checking to see that I had installed them properly . Next I installed them in a flourescent lantern ... nothing ... I will not buy Energizer batteries again . I would furthermore fire the Rabbit that keeps on going and will make sure he remains gone from my life .
 One thing I absolutely will not tolerate in a battery is one that leaks . I 've lost a lot of expensive electronics from leaking batteries , remote controls , clocks , blood-pressure testers , radios , etc. . These are items that do n't use a lot of electricity , so the battery never actually stops working . I lost the remote control to an almost new High-Def TV due to a leaky battery and had to replace it at substantial cost.I remember when Alkaline Batteries were first introduced . Finally , I said , a battery that does n't leak . I 've used Energizers exclusively for over 20 years without a single one leaking , until about 5 years ago . Then something changed . Suddenly batteries that still measured good and had years left before the expiration date were leaking . At first I thought it was a fluke . But soon it began to be a regular occurrence . I had to resort to checking all my batteries every 6 months to try to catch the leaky ones , before they caused any damage . This is inexcusable.Could this be some bizarre new marketing campaign ? I noticed Everyready claims their new Lithium batteries `` Do not leak '' . Why would anyone claim batteries do n't leak - if none of them leak ? Could they know they have a problem - and do n't care - to motivate us to buy the more-expensive `` premium '' batteries ? Take this all with a grain of salt . What do I know ? I 'm just some dumb consumer that only wants to buy batteries that do n't leak . Now where did I put that bottle of whiskey ?
 I have been buying items off amazon for years . It pissed me off when I spent $ 10 on these and I got a pack full of batteries with battery acid all over them . I 'm very disappointed in amazon because of this . If you want batteries , do n't get them on this website . You have better luck going to ebay and buying off someone with 1 % positive feedback .
 The batteries seemed to be old or stale . They did n't last very long at all . I used them in my trail camera , which normally is pretty easy on batteries but these were down to 2 bars after a week . I get better results from dollar store brands . Disappointed .
 Do not buy this package of eight D batteries . I do n't know how it happened , but half of the batteries were useless , having been badly damaged . If you do order this item , be sure to open the package as soon as you receive it , and check every individual battery to make sure each of them is functional . I waited too long and was past the date for requesting a refund . Lesson learned . Benefit from my experience !
 I put them in my radio and the signal was weak . I took battery out and put it in my battery tester and they read ` Replace ' . The date on the battery reads
 The package shipped and arrived within a couple days . The battery package was exactly what you would find in any department store . Expiration date in 2017 . Everything looked fine except for one thing
 Disappointing . These batteries must be seconds as they do n't even last a day in my digital camera -LRB- sporadic usage , not constant -RRB- . I 'll stick with rechargeable ones , thanks .
 I thought this was a great deal for Energizer AA Batteries , buy a 16 pack of AA for $ 12.32 -LRB- $ .77 each -RRB- until I found Rayovac 48 pack for $ 25.30 -LRB- $ .53 each -RRB- . They also come in reclose able package so after you open the pack they do not role around in your drawer . My boyfriend uses Rayovac UltraPro at work , bought them at a contractor supply store.One of my students did a battery test and found all of them work the same . Comes down to price . Sign up for `` subscribe and save '' and get 15 % off too . Because these are $ 25.40 you get Free Freight at Amazon without having to shop for more to hit the minimum.Here is the product link.Rayovac ALAA-48 UltraPRO Alkaline AA Batteries , 48-Pack
 Company sent me a d-cell 4-pack of a no-name brand of batteries . The PLUS side is that they refunded my my money , -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- and allowed me to keep the batetries for their mistake .
 I was assuming I 'd be getting a single pack of 24-count batteries . Instead I got 6 packs of 4-count batteries , one of which was ripped open and the batteries were moving around freely in the packaging box .
 For the first time since I was a kid I have had batteries corrode and ruin my equipment . This time it happened to my very expensive Mag-lite 3 Cell and 2 Cell L.E.D. flashlights . These Energizer batteries have `` Energized '' me to never buy anything made by this company ever again . My batteries were part of an 8 pack and the 3 unused batteries in the 8 pack were also corroded.This reminds me of what `` Burgess '' batteries would do to anything you put them in . That company has long since gone out of business.UPDATE : ------- I emailed them about what happened to my flashlights and the rest of the 8 pack of unused batteries . 10 days later via U.S. Mail they did offer to repair or replace them and even included a prepaid label to send my flashlights to them for evaluation . I was able to clean them up enough to get them working again before I received the prepaid shipping label . I sent them another emial that I was able to get them working again and asked for tips on removing the rest of the corrosion . A week later they mailed me a coupon to cover the cost of the 8 pack of batteries , up to $ 15 and a letter from their technicians with tips on cleaning them up further . I am pleased with their response to my problem . Maybe a little scared to use their batteries again but now I know how they honor their guarantee . I will give them another shot . I will give the service department 5 stars and will up the overall rating to 3 stars .
 Be sure to check the expiration date on your batteries when they arrive . I got some supposed to have a 5 year expire date and they only had 3 . AMAZON tried to make it `` right '' and send me some with 4 year expiration dates while allowing me to keep the ones with 3 year expire dates : : : : - CAVEAT EMPTOR
 These batteries are stamped with an October 2012 expiration date so I was not thrilled upon reciept of them . We are using them , so I ca n't really say how long they will last , but I just think its wrong for these sellers to knowlingly sell expired batteries .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I purchased this pair of compression stockings and another pair from another dealer for my 84-year-old mother . My mother tried on the other pair and they did not fit her . I tried to return this unopened box of stockings and MedLife Health would not allow me to return them.Jobst makes a good product but this dealer is totally unreasonable !!!! When I tried to get them to reconsider because I wanted to be sure they understood that the box had NEVER BEEN OPENED they would not even respond to me .
 I was hoping for better compression . To me , the 8-15 mmHg of compression felt like regular knee high stockings , but more expensive . They were not more comfortable or felt better , just thicker . I was dissapointed , especially for the price . If you are looking for more compressin than a regular knee highs , may want to go above the 15 mmHg .
 We got one pair erlier that was fine . Bute then we ordered again one pair and that was already loose in the upper portion and was useless for us .
 I was disappointed this product did not stay up . Had to return and ever since I bought the product , I am somehow on this company 's auto mail list , which is very annoying !
 Could n't even get them over my feet and went with the size for my shoe size . Total waste of money . Plan on sending them back
 I prefer old design over new . I found the new design to be too shear as evidenced by two runs destroying two stockings shortly after putting them on . Also , the stockings are harder for me to put on.Is it still possible to buy stockings with older design ?
 I am only 5 foot tall but these are too short -LRB- medium and large -RRB- . There is so much spandex that they pinch my toes together actually causing pain . Tried getting large -LRB- I weight 125 lbs -RRB- but still too short , pinch toes and fall down .
 THis product is better than most others but not great . I think its overpriced . For the price I 'd think you should get some extra covers or something . It heats up well and feels really nice . Like another reviewer stated ... it does have this distinct stink to it but I can put up with it . UPDATE - I started to use it continuously and then I noticed a burning smell . With continual use , it busted twice and I stitched it up once . After the second time the cover itself started to turn brown and eventually burned also . I will not buy this again . Very disappointed it did n't last .
 I think the ingredients in procycle are good , but they are too potent for me . Gave me a headache almost instantly after taking one pill . If you have high metabolism or tend to be sensitive , these may be too potent for you . If not , maybe they will work for you .
 I had a bucky neck pillow I wanted to substitute because I had nuked it one too many times -LRB- but I loved it and used it for a year before the burn holes made it unusable -- and I could n't get free shipping on it -RRB- and this seemed like a great one to try . I was so excited to put it to use and I read the reviews about smell and thought how bad could it be ? It 's really strong and to me makes me nauseous . I had bought 2 to give one as gift but will have to return ! I can not get past the smell !! I ca n't even describe it . It also is heavier than what I expected . Sorry I really was rooting for this !
 I bought this item in June . It had burst apart at the seams by December . The brand I owned before this one lasted for over 10 years . This one did n't last SIX months . Total waste of money .
 Do not buy this product . I was replacing one from a different manufacture that my wife had for several years . I bought this for her for Christmas . After 6 weeks , it caught fire in the microwave .
 It retained heat well enough , but had a disturbingly strong smell when heated that I did not experience with other similar products .
 Stick with the berries and whey this tasted like vomit . I even added fruit it did n't help . I love the company but this is pretty yucky .
 This is the WORST tasting protein drink I have ever tasted , and I have tried many that were awful tasting.I luckily bought only one envelope of it . The ingredients look superb , but somehow the makers of it must think that as long as it is healthful , palatability is out of the equation . It 's too bad Shakeology is outrageously expensive , because their chocolate flavor one is amazing in taste and chock-full of great ingredients .
 I bought this thinking it was the real `` Cool Waters '' I had no idea it would be a knock off !! Well I threw away the packaging not knowing it would be a fake . In order to send the product back I need the original packaging . Guess I 'm stuck with it . I would never use the product it smelled sooooo bad . A chemical scent . Very disapointed !!!!
 the perfume came seemed open and used , I buy it for a gift and I could not give as seemed used , but never come back to buy something simililar
 I am in receipt of this product and am extremely disappointed because it hardly has a scent to it - to me its almost as if they had placed into the bottle water with just a small touch of the perfume . I am going to return this product for a full refund as its a waste of money and I 'd rather spend my money on the real thing from the store . In addition , the actual product came in its box ; however , did not have the plastic shell to it which tells me that the product was opened and tampered with . Poor do n't buy this .
 You could build this for $ 50.00 . Just buy PVC at a hardware store , and bags at Wal-Mart . Sounds like a rip off .
 I have the pollen allergy ; wanted to share my experiences so that it will help others . Wanted to try the natural/alternative medicines before trying the `` over the counter '' anti-histamines . I thought of going to allergy doctors , but dropped the idea after hearing people 's experiences . Tried this `` outdoor allery '' and also the `` tree pollen allergy '' , as both are homeopathic . Zero relief ; no cure at all.Tried the apple cider vineger -LRB- ACV -RRB- , which seemed to have helped many people in permanently curing allergy problems ; but that also did not help me . Loratadine based medicines -LRB- claritin , alavert etc -RRB- did not help me either . Cetrizine based medicines worked out very well , but only as long as I take a tablet everyday ; so , these chemicals seem to be more of a suppression than a permanent cure -LRB- these medicines suppress the histamine production in the body -RRB- . Trying out the Triphala powder -LRB- ayurvedic -RRB- at the moment ; not of much help so far , but need to wait and see for few more days . And waiting for the Neem powder to arrive in mail , as Neem juice seem to cure many fundamental health problems . Based on my research on the net so far , millions of people suffer with allergies ; a medicine helping one person may not help other , so you have to give it a try with different medicines , including alternative medicines and see which one helps you . Hope this was useful .
 This was my second attempt to find a reacher to help me fasten my velcro straps on my shoes . The item does a fair job , BUT the connection between the to parts is a very weak plastic and does not have enough length to adequately support the joint . If you lift anything the connection is under strain and bends . In order to use the tool , I securely wrapped it with duct tape for support and do not lift anything heavier than my shoe . It does do a fair job of pulling the straps over to fasten , however the lower jaw frequently slips off to the side the upper and jams .
 The picture shown is the newest NO Xpand , whereas the item I was shipped was in fact a much older NO Xpand product with a completely different design and an expiration date in a few months . The product I was given was not the one I expected and tasted absolutely disgusting , as opposed to the new product , which I 've tried before , and it did n't taste that bad .
 This is NOT lotion . it 's edible MSM liquid ... not at all the same :-LRB- too much trouble to send it back so we tried it ... NASTY does n't begin to cover this !
 In general , I 've done very well with sulfur products in fighting my long-standing cystic acne . However , I found this MSM cream grainy , unpleasant and it had no affect either on dryness or my acne . Also , It 's not suitable to wear under make-up . I understand it 's worked for some people , but it did n't work for me .
 I bought this because I was doing the HCG diet . I did not like the smell of it . I later found that I could use Burt 's Bees products and those are really nice .
 Everything great thing that has been said about these liners is probably true -- except for the LARGE part . I received my case of liners the day before I had to make 60 large cupcakes and was I ever surprised when I saw that they are only little more than an inch tall ! So , here I am scrambling to find something else to use at the last minute and wo n't be able to do so without driving 75 miles each way . Then , what to do with 1,440 cupcake liners I do n't want ? Ca n't return them .
 WARNING - UNRETURNABLE , STANDARD SIZE , NOT `` LARGE '' ... In no way , shape , or form , are these LARGE baking cups . I read the 2.5 inch and dutifully measured the bottom circumference of my large muffin pans ... , which were exactly 2.5 inches across the bottom . Imagine my surprise when these arrived and they were your standard size , been making them since I was a kid , cupcake liner . Then , what fun ! I find out that I ca n't return them to get the right size . I now have a lifetime supply of cupcake liners that I will never use , and I have to make 1200 LARGE brownie muffins in less than two days .
 I have a small wrist and this just falls off . I could n't find any store that would take the links out without me spending more than I paid for the bracelet . My bad for assuming it would fit .
 I read the reviews before I purchased -LRB- and a lot on-line -RRB- and knew that this would n't work for some people . I was one of those people . I tried it for six months and the only thing that seemed to change was my appetite and weight gain . Still got migraines all the time . Now I 'm off the Feverfew and working with something else , my appetite is back to normal and I 'm losing the weight .
 I do n't know what this product 's propellant is but it left my ! edible ! work smelling as strong as butane or acetone . Honestly , a HazMat situation .
 I purchased one size bigger than my dress size Due to the other reviews . It fit fine . Although the product did not fit well under clothes as stated in the description , It was very very bulky . Also , after 2 weeks of use it ripped .
 I am size 10-12 , after seeing reviews of various supports , I ordered the larger one for 16-20 dress size thinking it will fit as I get bigger - no way . Maybe a 6-8 could fit the largest size .
 The two center rollers on this device are spaced too far apart to effectively massage the muscles closest to the spine . About twenty years ago , I purchased a `` ma roller '' at a shop in Seattle that was the most excellent self-massage device I have ever come across . Unfortunately , I misplaced it . It was of near identical design except that the center rollers were more narrow and more closely spaced . I will sell my new `` Spine Aligner '' at a discount to anyone who is interested and continue my search for the `` ma roller '' of my dreams .
 Maybe it 's me , but I ca n't seem to get this aligner to `` work '' . When I lay on it was suggested , it actually is so hard that it hurts . Maybe someone else will have better luck .
 I ordered this and right out of the box , this is clearly much too high -LRB- about 2 inches -RRB- to use in the prescribed manner . If you lie on the floor and place it between you and the floor you are quite likely to be injured , if not from the device directly from the muscle strain to hold a part of your back so high off the floor , while the rest of your back has no support.The instructions clearly state that this should not be rolled on the back -LRB- which is one way I expected to use it -RRB- and that lying on top of it is the only acceptable use . I will be returning this item .
 The first thing I noticed when I tried out the Maxi Backsie was that it pressed hard against my spine , which I consider very bad , esp . for the lower spine . I would n't want to whittle it down , either , because there would not be enough wood to withstand much weight and it 's made of two pieces . I 'm quite thin ; maybe a fat man would n't mind the pressure .
 I assumed The back massager . . -LRB- my mistake by assuming -RRB- that it would have some type of instructions that came with it to show you how to use it safely and effectively . However , it came in a plastic bag with nothing but the back massager ... I saw more info on line from other companies , when I first was looking for something for my back that I could do without injuring myself more . What I saw on other sights I just assumed that Amazon would send the product with instructions . I actually was going to send it back because I have no idea on how to use it . But , we have had some unexpected illness in my family and I have been busy taking care of that , and did n't realize that a month had gone by . It is still in the plastic bag and never been used.I have never been disappointed in the past , but this purchase was a waste of my money since I have no idea how to use the product safely without causing further injury to my back.I would NOT recommend this product unless it came with instructions in the future . . Oh and if you decide to do that , please send me a copy of those instructions as well ... They would come in handy ...
 The item I received did not match the picture shown on the site at the time I ordered -LRB- and the time of this review -RRB- . The item pictured has rubber rings on the ends of the roller and smooth , angled slopes from edge to inner track . The item I received had no rubber rings and a ridged flat slope from edge to inner track . Consequently , the roller I received slipped easily and after several uses the ridged portion began to cut my back . Home Naturals Inc. 's customer service rep was polite , but not terribly helpful . Amazon 's customer service rep was fantastic though and resolved things to my satisfaction . I subsequently ordered theBody Back Company Back Rollersold through Amazon directly -LRB- which has the exact same item pictured for a couple of bucks more - unsurprisingly Amazon actually sent the item pictured instead of a poor substitute ;--RRB- which I 've found to work very nicely .
 I bought this product and I must say that when I spray my bed at night it may keep the bedbugs away but not for long . This is a totally waste of money . You are going to have to spend money on an exterminator . I did n't want to do it either but you are better off trust me .
 Kleen Free Naturally Bed Bug Spray . I understood this item to be some kind of ` house friendly ' bug killer . After spraying half a bottle I noticed `` Not sold as a Pesticide '' . Well , surprise , live and learn , ... I will give away the remainder , to some of the ladies that are laughing at me , as they tell me , I told you not to buy on the internet . One Gallon of good detergent cost $ 12.00 . Sergio , Bintook .
 I am really excited by and committed to using organic products . However , this product did not work as an insect eliminator as it claimed .
 For 1 thing I got no instructions on how to dilute this product so I went online to another site that sells enzyme cleaners and did what they said to do . I also called the Keen Free company and they were no help at all.Everything I clean needs to me rinsed off because it leaves a terible residue on everything . I had used a product called ` Bio Enviro '' before this and it lasted me a whole year ! It was a concentrate also but I did n't have the rinsing and streak problem I hadf with the Kleen Free . Also the ingredients in the Enviro are betterl . It has Neem and coconut oil in it . Both are very good bug repellent and killers.I just wish I could remember where I got the Keen Free so I coud return it and go back to the ogther stuff
 I was interested in this product because we have bed bugs to get rid of and the product is made from natural ingredients , no chemicals . I could tell right away that it had vinegar in it . I think vinegar acts as a repellant to bed bugs but does not kill them . I sprayed the carpet and our bedding and floor boards . I regret to say we still have bed bugs so we must move on to other methods .
 this item does not kill bugs - it is only good for cleaning . it says right on the container that it is not a pesticide . i made a big mistake using this and greatly delayed my recovery from my bug problem . i thought i was spraying and killing them and it is only a cleaner .
 I like to leave the best reviews I can on Amazon and this is probably only my second 1 star review . This stuff did nothing for me at all . Nothing . Used it twice and then trashed it . Smells like vinegar
 I pour the liquid on the bed bugs and then 2 mins later they r walking and running . It 's like giving them an energy drink or something . I sprayed so many times but did n't kill single bed bug.my best suggetion put everything outside in sun let it sit for 3 to 4 hrs and use bed bug sand for the floor .
 i have just ordered this product , mostly because of the touching statement of this australian . `` please respect the dosage , please respect the list order , ectttt `` I would love to follow the instructions , BUT THERE ARE NONE!how do i know how to mesure water/galon / size room/lbs washer ... ? please someone answer with the dosage that worked for you ?? thanks in advance
 After months battling but could not clean out the scabies , I purchased it and used it in tub , spray . Also applied the concentrated solution to the skin where is infected . It does not seem help . At the same time , we had adopted many other medicines for killing the mites but could not clean it out after weeks.It is quite expensive . Also , let it dry on infected skin is very uncomfortable .
 I bought this product under the assumpliton that I would receive 3 bottles . The picture is missleading .
 It arrived half bottle empty with small tiny hole in the bottle . What a waste of money ... I want my money back !!!!!!!!
 I tried this for general cleaning and found it does n't really do much of anything . I was trying to get rid of fleas my indoor cats had somehow gotten , but this did n't even clean any surface dirt . Waste of money .
 If you have biting mites , as I had , as a result of all the feral cats in my area ... this stuff is great when applied directly to the scalp , or anywhere else on the skin ... . but if you want to get RID of dust mites , biting mites , or bedbugs , then use diatomaceous earth , and pronto ... they work ! ...
 I ordered a gallon of this stuff - what a waste . It smells VERY strongly of vinegar - I mean really bad . The price is outrageous - you can buy much better smelling `` enzymes '' at the pet store for 1/3 the price - and they are just as effective . I used Pet Force - it actually smells nice and was $ 24 per gallon . They are used for removing pet odors but work as well , smell much better and are cheaper . This product is a rip-off ...
 I read all the great reviews about how this product dissolved broke in half the bed bugs . I caught a bed bug that was tiny with a red bulbous butt and placed it in a mason jar . The awful booger was def alive . Squirted the kleen free on it NOTHING drowned it in keen free died from drowning . I now have a preserved bed bug . Very disappointed in keen free . If I could fig out how to give it NO stars I 'd given it no stars ! I do n't know what my bbs are made of but alcohol does n't phase them Windex does n't do n e thing & kleen free is a joke to them do n't waste your money
 Just does n't do what it promises and has a vinegar smell -LRB- which I would n't care about at all if product worked -RRB- . Does n't even work well as a cleaner .
 I bought this for $ 50 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- from Amazon to help with bed bug problems . The description in Amazon is VERY misleading . The label on the bottle says nothing about killing pests !!! It even says it is `` not a pesticide '' . It is a cleaning product . What a rip-off ... this is false advertising . After spraying , I saw a bed bug pass through it like it was nothing . BUYERS BE WARNED !!!
 I definitely would not recommend this for anyone . Its stinks and does not work . When I bought it , I thought it would work on killing bugs in my home , but it did n't work . Just gave a really bad smell around the house and a headache . It is just a waste of money .
 It appears to be nothing more than dish soap and vinegar . It does clean well , but does not do what the heading states . Also did not come with any directions .
 This works only if it is sprayed in direct contact . Really , who has time to wait for bugs to show up and spray this to them?Tried to spray it on the mattresses and the whole room smelled like vinegar . Used it once .
 I really liked the design and size of the unit , but it was just not accurate . I have been monitoring my blood pressure for years and it has never been low . This unit gave me low readings most of the time . I liked the readings , but I know they were not true .
 I have my BP a little on the higher side.This meter keeps showing me as normal.I have verified this with the doctors office and i was shocked to see the difference.I would suggest just dont depend on this meter as a source .
 This monitor is off by at least 30 . My BP is shown constantly normal using the monitor , but every visit to doctor office , or even the free BP monitors at drug stores telling total different stories . Some folks said it might be the proper way to use , e.g. relax hand , sit still with back supported , support front arm with heart level ... etc etc. . I believe I attempted the best possible position to use the monitor according to its manual , but the readings are still way off from reality . I do NOT recommend anyone to use it .
 I bought this based on the review of a doctor who tested it out in his OR . I got it and it seemed great at first , and then my readings seemed more erratic . I read and followed the instructions but got way different results from my doctor at the last visit . I believe this unit may be like cheap tire pressure guages . They are calibrated and work well at first , but then start to fail .
 With an equipment like a BP monitor , it is either GOOD or BAD . This one is BAD ! I know that I have been border line with my blood pressure for the last 3 years . When I tested the equipment , it kept showing my readings as being SUPER normal while it was not the case -LSB- verified at the doctor 's office -RSB- . This is dangerous considering how easy it is for one to keep thinking that they are maintaining normal readings .
 I purchased this item in December 05 . After many consecutive readings I found this unit to render several readings that were inaccurate . Both systolic and diastolic readings were off by as many 30/40 . For one whom has hypertension I would suggest that they not depend on this item to accurately read their blood pressure .
 The first package I received was great . Unfortunately , this last was not ; the chocolate flakes all over the place as if it is old and/or melted and not kept in good conditions . I am certain that this could be fixed by Amazon , I just have not had the chance to make them aware of the problem yet . . And I 'd rather not have had to .
 It 's absolutely ridiculous that they would sell this crap to people trying to get in shape.If you look at the nutrition facts , you see that for every 20g of protein you also get 20g of sugar!Don ' t take my word for it , do your research and find out why too much sugar is bad.There are MANY other brands out there that have a protein to sugar ratio of about 2:1 or even up to 3.5:1 It is worth mentioning that the company is so deceitful that they actually HIDE the sugar content in nutrition facts -LRB- on the amazon product page -RRB- avoid this at all costs as this is not even that cheap to be a good deal .
 I purchase and eat these Clif bars all the time . But ordering online may not be the best idea since they arrived damaged by heat during shipping . Its obvious the chocolate had melted in transit and flakes off as you eat them .
 I 'm very disappointed in this vendor 's quality of products . I ordered the Clif Builder Bars -LRB- which , by the way , ca n't be returned ! -RRB- and received them having obviously melted in the warehouse . I always use a knife to cut them into bit size pieces so they are easy to eat at my desk . The pieces fell apart in chunks . To me , this means they not only melted but OLD.I do like the Clif Builder Mint Bars and will order from other vendors .
 I ca n't believe they call these cookies and cream . They do n't taste like either cookies , nor cream ! They taste vaguely like super dry granola though not as good . I ended up giving these away .
 I agree with most posters that these seem like good protein bars and taste good . But in the ingredients list , the first ingredient is soy protein isolate . That automatically bombs for me . My reading and limited research believe soy to be an inferior and cheap substitute protein . Whey protein isolate is a higher grade of protein and has more understanding in the long term effects of eating a lot of it.I 'm not comfortable with eating soy since all cheap protein bars seem to contain it .
 This item arrived and it was not past it 's due date ... but it sure tasted like it was ! It did not taste like vanilla or almond . It was more like a chalky , powdered whey flavor with a layer of goo on top . The worst bar I have ever had . I 've tried and enjoyed many bars , even the less palate-friendly high-protein ones . Thumbs down to the vanilla almond !
 Conventional peanut butter is one of the most toxic foods on our planet -LRB- see `` diet for a poisoned planet '' & other studies -RRB- . Clif bars generally good and like their chocolate builder bar . Was very surprised to see Clif using conventional peanuts when the rest is reasonably good . If you like regular peanut butter -LRB- e.g. skippy , jiff -RRB- , then this rating is not applicable . Those sensitive to the toxic stuff ...
 That 's why I like to eat these . It 's also why Subscribe and Save is gone for the Chocolate and instead Harbor Country Bike & Hobby is charging $ 27.11 + $ 7.20 shipping for a single box . They 'd better come with a golden ticket or these people can die -LRB- i.e. chapter 7 -RRB- . Hey Jerks
 These bars are delicious because they have the saturated fat and sugar content of a candy bar . Sure they have 20g of protein , but they also have 20g of sugar . These bars have 270 Calories , with 8g fat -LRB- 5g saturated -RRB- and 30g carbohydrates -LRB- 20g sugar -RRB- . Compare that to a Snickers with 271 Calories , 13g fat -LRB- 5 saturated -RRB- and 34g carbohydrates -LRB- 28g sugar -RRB- . Also , instead of whey protein -LRB- derived from milk -RRB- most of the protein in this bar comes from soy , which has some undesirable toxins , like dehydroalanines , nitrosamines , and furan . There are alternative 20g -LRB- whey -RRB- protein bars that have with a lot less carbs , sugar , and fat .
 I was positively addicted to the Mint Chocolate Builder 's Bar and have consumed over a thousand bars over the past two years . The consistency and flavor of these bars was far better than any other protein/energy bar out there , particularly the `` crunchies '' that resembled , as others have described , the consistency of thin mint cookies.The packaging changed recently , and I 've noticed a change to the bars . The `` crunch '' is no longer there , and the consistency is much more sawdustlike . Anybody else agree ? Still better than most other protein bars , but a far cry from what they used to be . I 'm bummed by the changed and need to find a new protein bar . Suggestions , anyone ? I 'm serious ...
 The bars themselves are actually pretty bland . They taste fine but they seem to have much more coating on the top compared to the other traditional Builders bars . There is nothing `` crunchy '' about them , so I question the name choice from Clif.The 2 stars refer to the service provided by BikeSomeWhere . I ordered , a week or so later I got an email saying they did n't have them in stock and no estimate - oh and by the way , sometimes mail delivery companies take a long time . Ok ... Another week passed and I sent an email inquiring . No response . After a month from the order date , I sent 3 emails - one from the order address , one from the website and one through Amazon stating I would take this matter through Amazon if I did n't get a response . Did I get a response ? No . I got an automated email the next day saying the shipment had been shipped . So all in , they showed up 5 weeks after the original order with poor customer service emails and a sour taste in my mouth . The sour taste was from BikeSomeWhere . The peanut butter taste was from Clif .
 I had been purchasing Clif bars for awhile thru Amazon with no problem . I ended up throwing away my last order ... I had ordered in August 2009 , but did n't need to open box until end of Sept -LRB- past the return date -RRB- . All 3 boxes in the order EXPIRED in 2008 ! I opened a few individual bars - they were dried up and made a mess ! My error in not checking order immediately .
 so i tried these bars based on the reviews of the first couple of pages and i have to say it was a huge mistake . the taste itself is n't terrible , i would n't say it was good but it certainly was n't the worst tasting thing i 've ever eaten . the texture however was awful . everyone commented on how the crunchy but chewy texture was great but i have to warn you against it . it 's much more chewy than anything else and it sticks in your mouth worse than peanut butter , worse than that it set off my gag reflex and i had to work hard to get through the entire bar . my brother , who eats almost anything , could n't even get past the first bite . the punishment did n't even stop there , once i ate the entire thing my stomach was immediately upset and i was glad i ate it after my workout or i 'm not sure i would have made it into the gym that day . though this bar seems to have a good amount of protein , the odd texture , soy protein over whey , and the amount of fat in it is enough to keep me supplementing protein shakes instead of forcing myself to down something that does n't agree with me .
 Does n't say on the product page , but the peanut butter bars are dipped in Chocolate . FYI for those who ca n't have Chocolate like myself . Gave 'em away .
 I received my first order of this product on February 28 , 2012 . The entire order of 10 boxes had expired on February 10 , 2012 . I ate one bar before I noticed the expiration date and it was extremely dry and tasteless . I will be returning the order . I do not want to receive any more of these unless the expiration date is several months in the future .
 It tastes great and fills you up , but it 's loaded with sugar . Two out of top three ingredients are syrups . A candy Snicker bar -LRB- junk food -RRB- has 13g sugar , this one has 20g sugar.For muscle recovery , I 've switched from this tothinkThin Protein Bar , Chunky Peanut Butter , Gluten Free , 10 - 2.1-Ounce Bars . ThinkThin uses sugar alcohol instead of conventional sugar . Google sugar alcohol , if you 're not familiar with it . And ThinkThin use whey protein as a part of its protein blend . Whey protein is the best protein for muscle recovery.The best protein bars for muscle recovery are homemade , it 's super easy to make -LRB- a bit messy -RRB- . There are a tone of recipes on the net .
 Although these bars have been a favorite of my husband and I , the two boxes that were shipped to us were so crumbly , we could n't open the package without a napkin underneath . And , the taste just was n't as fresh as buying them off the shelf . We love the fact that these bars do n't have the bad ingredients a number of other bars have , and we love that the bars fill the appetite void , but the freshness and crumbling state will probably cause us to rethink buying them through Amazon , even though it is cheaper than buying them off the shelf .
 For years , I 've always wanted to find something that would fill me up in between meals . I 've tried apples , bananas , peanut butter , bread , pasta etc. . . The Clif Builder bars are the only things that work ! I recently got back from a trip abroad to Asia , I brought 40 of these bars with me so that I could have one each day if I needed . They saved me over there!Anyway , these bars are great if you 're backpacking or in the workplace -LRB- I have a box underneath my desk -RRB- and will keep you awake and satiate your hunger during the 3 o'clock slump.HOWEVER , do not buy these on Amazon . I ordered a box of 12 and while they looked find from the outside , on the inside , much of the chocolate covering was broken up into little pieces . As you unwrap the bar , these little pieces fall out and may stain your clothes if you are not careful . Also , the bars did not taste as fresh as they should be -- I think they have been sitting in a steamy Amazon.com warehouse for quite some time.BUY these instead at Trader Joe 's , which should stock them . They are about $ 1.50 there so the price difference is pretty minute .
 I keep a staple of Builder Bars in my desk drawer , but will not keep the Crunch Peanut Butter ones in the future ... just way too sweet that they hurt my teeth . Good taste , but I do n't know why they made them so sweet . The Chocolate Peanut Butter bars do n't seem to be nearly as sweet . CPB , Chocolate and Chocolate Mint -LRB- just like the Girl Scout Cookies -RRB- are my three staples .
 This is a candy bar . Like another reviewer stated -- you do not need 20 grams of sugar to go along with your protein nor do you need 25 % of the RDA of saturated fat ! Not only are there other protein bars out there , but shakes are very easy to make at home -LRB- or take the ingredients with you on the road -RRB- and potentially much healthier . You can also get 18g of protein from eating a small container of nonfat yogurt ... with zero fat or sugar .
 I really like these bars . I eat one everyday with a piece of fruit . My wife ordered them online with Amazon because of the price . While it was cost effective and convenient to have them delivered right to our door the bars were a bit heat damaged . We will not order this type of product on Amazon again .
 I love C-builder bars , but the ones I received last week the outer chocolate covering got heated up during transit , so the covering stuck to wrapper and became piddle - rains small bits of chocolate .
 I could n't take the mint it has ... may be good product , but I would buy after tasting it . Too late to realize that they do n't have return policy on this .
 its was a bit cheaper in the store than online , and i didnt have to wait 2 days to get it .
 Actually , I have eaten dog food from Petco and it tasted a little better . Have a drink on hand too because you can not eat these things without drinking like a pitcher of water . It 's like the cinnamon challenge up in here !! You tube that .
 When I ordered the item I did n't realize that it was only battery operated . This was the main reason that I returned the item , although I felt that the cuff was not as comfortable as I would have liked .
 I ordered this item almost two months ago and it is still not shipped . But , on the product page it tells that shipping is within 24 hours . Looks more like 24 weeks ... Anyway , here is the info about the monitor : - it is very simple to use and can fit larger arms - with one button push , it measures blood pressure and heart rate - display is big and easy to read - two people can use this monitor and save measurings separatelyMy slight concern is that it gives readings that are little bit higher than in the doctor 's office . -LRB- please ignore one star rating , it was due to shipping problems , it deserves 3 or 4 stars -RRB-
 The bars look like mudpies , are very dry , and all three `` flavors '' taste the same , meaning that they do n't have much flavor at all . I much prefer certain flavors of Balance bars . The only good thing about these Clif bars is that I do n't get hungry for several hours after eating one .
 Clif bars are gross . They 're fake food . I prefer REAL food and real snacks . I still have my box of these things sitting in my pantry if anyone wants them . They totally disappointed me , though ...
 It tastes ok at first , a bit too hard to chew , though , and then it has a strange , over-rich aftertaste . Then it sat in my stomach like a rock . It is filling though .
 I liked these when they first came out , cuz there was nothing else ouyt there ! . I wish Clif would come out with soemthing exciting ... the Buildersbar didnt do the trick . Tastes like gravel .
 Instead of a Clif peanut butter bar , why not just grab a Reese peanut butter cup ? They 're just about the same in terms of nutritional value.Think I 'm crazy ? Listen up . Check out these stats . Reese on the left , Clif Chocolate Chip Peanut Crunch on the right.Calories
 These are a healthier candy bar , and not a good choice for getting protein . They 're loaded with sugars and saturated fats - there 's more carbohydrates than proteins in these things . If you 're eating a protein bar in order to get protein , in the context of a healthier diet , there 's plenty of other bars with equal -LRB- or greater -RRB- amounts of protein , but with substantially less sugars and fat , that I still think taste fine . As for the taste of these bars - I find them to be something like a medicinal candy bar , and cloyingly sweet . I would n't call them bad , but I do n't really enjoy the taste either.I could n't recommend these to people , except for those who absolutely have to eat candy bars from time to time , and want to try something a bit healthier . It might also be good a good snack for a long hike .
 I ordered both the chocolate and cookies n creme bars based upon reviews I read here . Unfortunately once I got these bars they taste absolutely horrible . Some people complained about the expiration date , which is not my problem -- these bars do n't expire for another 7 months.I 've tried eating them , but I just want to vomit . I can barely force myself to take a bite , let alone eat the entire bar . I 'll just look for a better tasting bar or get my protein in shakes/meals .
 These were a melted and re-solidified mess . The chocolate coating gets melted in warehouse then re-hardens when they get to your home . When you open the bar the chocolate is now melted and re-hardend to the wrapper and flakes off all over you clothes -LRB- if you 're sitting -RRB- or all over your desk or floor .
 i have to say these are a waste of time and money tried them for 3 month as prescribed and they did not help at all , i would not recommend them just a waste of money : -LRB-
 I had been so pleased with REJUVENATE floor REFRESHER but after one year of use , the floors were looking dull and leaving a film . I decided I had better do a deep cleaning so I purchased REJUVENATE floor CLEANER . Wow ... what a mistake ! My floors area DULL , show footprints and look like poop . I am hoping that going over them with the original REFRESHER will bring them back to the floors and product I used to love . The results from the CLEANER were not as the label described at all and that 's what IRKS this ole granny ! -LRB- If the REFRESHER shines them up again I 'll let you know -RRB- Advertisers , why not tell it like it is to begin with ? let the customer know just what to expect ... like
 I need something that will hold my pills and not pop open when I travel . This pill organizer pops open . I have pill organizers , but they come open when I travel . I needed one that is secure . This product does not fill that need .
 I loved this trimmer - easy to use and clean . However after only 3 months of use -LRB- 1x every 2 weeks -RRB- it just died . I stored without the battery and it just quit working one day . I thought the Epilady brand would last .
 the seller goodman 's sent me an epilady that had a sticky handle and it did n't even work with a brand new battery . i sent it back to them , hopefully they will send me one that works ... but beware !
 This thing did not survive the unpacking , inserted the battery put the housing back and bent a plastic doohicky in the inside . Not worth it .
 This had both good and bad reviews , so i figured i would give it a try . Mistake . Worst shaver ever . I had to take off the plastic piece and just use the `` blades '' to make the hair short enough , and it worked for about 2 minutes , and then suddenly all it did was PULL the hair and HURT !!! Do n't waste your money .
 This trimmer did not work at all , even on the shortest hair setting . This is a `` Do Not Buy ''
 the Epilady Lady B Bikini Trimmer is not working.Since i was travelling -LRB- long trip -RRB- , i couldnt resent the product and claim my moneyi purchased for 20 $ plus and my money was wasted . . the cover was already opened and i think they purposely sent me a waste product which is not working.pls never buy this . this is the first item i received in USA which is not working . i usually buy everything online and none failed like this
 Although this shaver works , it breaks very quickly . Trust me , I am on my third one and have decided to switch brands . I bought the first one and it worked for six months , so I bought a second one thinking that the first one was a fluke . The second one broke , so I ordered a third and final one . Why did I order three ? I do n't really know , folks , but now you have a tried and true reviewer on your hands . This product will work for about three to six months and then some part of it WILL break . What a piece of junk !!!
 This item worked terribly . I tried it once and gave up . It has no power , even with fresh batteries . Better to spend more money and get a better product .
 Do not be fooled . The ad here is obviously WRONG . From the product description
 I would recommend ordering a different type of cold pack . The covers are thin cheap-o 's and they are not filled as much as they should be with gel .
 when frozen these are so inflexible !! I 'm still searching for a cold pack like an older one i had that i got from my chiropractor . It was very flexible when it was frozen but this is not . So i guess it would be OK for a spot when a long straight ice pack is needed but not for a knee or neck
 after a day in a 0F freezer , these remain flexible but only able to hold cold for 10 minutes . that may be useful for an athlete cooling a sore ankle or wrist after muscle fatigue , but it 's useless to anyone using these to reduce swelling . the thin cotton coat did n't really matter since these wo n't stay cold long enough to cold burn you anyway . I have swelling from hip surgery , so I use one slipped down into my pant pocket after a long walk - a pretty useless application , but it 's better than nothing .
 I bought this for my mom thinking it would be as good as the one she already had which was fine to heat up in the microwave for several times but this one popped in the microwave only after a few times .
 There have been a number of studies on the efficacy of echinacea at treating colds and all of them have indicated that it does not work . I hate the idea of people spending money on a product that has been proven not to work . Here is one of the studies . You can look up more studies for yourself if you want on pubmed -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Ann Intern Med . 2010 Dec 21 ; 153 -LRB- 12 -RRB- :769 -77 . Echinacea for treating the common cold
 I wish I 'd read the actual studies on Echinacea before trying it . I could have saved myself a couple hundred bucks over two or three years . There are a lot of claims about Echinacea preventing colds and ideas about how it does this , but the simple fact is it does not work . ALL the studies that were placebo controlled have shown it does n't work.Save your money or get something with some evidence of efficacy . Zinc for example can reduce cold duration a little if started at symptom onset . Chicken Soup can reduce symptoms . Echinacea ? It does squat .
 First of all I did n't like that the capsules are made out of gelatin so the product is not vegetarian . There 's also no need to order online since you can buy the product in almost any supermarket . Of course it 's hard to proof it helps to prevent colds but maybe it 's helping psychologically . At least I got sick even though taking the capsules starting in fall through winter . I guess it 's just one of the things we actually really do n't need .
 There is no real evidence that echinacea does anything beyond placebo . And no , that 's not a good reason to use it . The placebo effect alters your perception of symptoms but it does not actually improve your situation.Let 's say a cold takes a week to run its course . If you take this product immediately , then it will eliminate the cold in seven days ! If you wait five days to take the echinacea , it reduces the time of effect to just two days !! -LRB- See what I did there ? -RRB- Go ahead and use the product , or just keep your money and wait out whatever ails you .
 Saw on the news how this product works . Maybe being sick a day was too late , or maybe dorsnt work on the virus I had . Did n't help at all .
 Plain junk.I got 10 picture shots out of one charge.Recharged and same effects.Would not buy this again.The charger is NOT comparable with other CRV3 batteries .
 I have purchased 2 of these chargers . The first one I bought worked perfectly for almost a year before I noticed it was n't holding a charge longer than 5 minutes of camera ` on ' time . I was so impressed with it 's $ 25 quality that I decided to purchase another . They are the exact same battery , but the 2nd one that I purchased was a different color -LRB- it is green/black , not blue/black as pictured and what the 1st one I purchased looked like -RRB- . Not sure if the color really matters , but in my case it did because this one lasted about 3 charges before it completely quit . The first battery I bought works better now than this new one does . I am very disappointed because I have always been very fond of Energizer . Do n't gamble you will get a good one ... purchase another brand .
 I think I received an old product . It has a musty smell . I have tried to wear put it it on , but the smell bothers me .
 This is way overpriced in my opinion . It did n't really last too long , and it did n't help . I stopped using it . At $ 28 , you 'd think it would work better . A big waste of money .
 First of all you have to be a window licker on the short bus to buy this product or just filthy rich . I tried this at a friend 's house and then compared the ingredients to Neutrogena 's post shave balm and many of the ingredients were the same . Do n't waste your money on this overpriced product when there are cheaper products available that do just as good a job . Neutragena post shave lotion feels just as good if not better and you can find it for under 10 bucks !!
 Ive been trying to find an after shave that works for me and this does n't . It does sooth razor burn but it does n't remove razor bumps or the redness.Id recommend to try others that are cheaper before you try this .
 This bar was not tasty , but to me totally addictive . I just ate like 3 or 4 bars at once . I do n't think that is the best idea , and I did not feel good after eating it . I am also questioning its raw-ness , and think I 'll rather eat fresh weggies or dried fruit if I need some small , stored energy food .
 Having very sensitive skin I was very excited to see that this product works well with skin prone to irritation . My shave started out well , but by the next morning I had practically the same amount of razor burn and ingrown hairs that always plague me the next day . Overall , I am very disappointed with this product as it did n't work much better than your typical generic shaving cream .
 I used this for about a month . During this time , my face gradually broke out worse than when I was 15 years old and working at a fast food restaurant . I did n't think it could be this product because it has acne medication -LRB- salicylic acid -RRB- . But , I quit using it , and sure enough it gradually became better and two weeks later , not a zit in sight .
 I thought the scent was very weak . Maybe strong enough in a very small office or room but not for a living room .
 Today after 2 years of ownership , we threw our violight in the trash . Ours was given to us as a gift and we did use it , but it definitely has more drawbacks than it should . First , as noted in other reviews , there is no real evidence that this thing prevents disease any better than air drying your toothbrush . Second , if you need to replace the light bulb , you 'll find it to be very expensive , around $ 15 at least . Third , even though you use the disinfecting light on a daily basis , the inside of this thing still gets cruddy and in my opinion it is difficult to clean . Fourth , the AC cord has a transformer on it that takes up lots of space on your outlet . With razors , curling irons , hair dryers , and other gadgets competing for your bathroom outlet , you 'll find it irritating that this thing takes up one of your receptacles . In my opinion , storing your toothbrush `` the old fashioned way , '' in a cup or in a toothbrush holder , with the bristles up , is still the best way to go . After owning one for two years , I would recommend that you spend your hard-earned money on something else .
 This product was a great idea and the technology seemed standard as I have seen many more like-products on the market . I bought it for my wife so she would stop going through rubbing alchohol to cleanse our toothbrushes.The product was easy to set up , but the rubber button that starts the ` decontamination ' cycle seemed doomed from the moment my wife attempted to use daily . The button was difficult to push as it took force to get it to click on ; and you couldnt just push it with our using two hands to hold it in place -LRB- the entire unit is so light that you cant just push the button with one hand without pushing it over or all around the sink area -RRB- . The worst part was
 I purchased my VIOLight the beginning of December and it is already not working properly . It will turn on but does not turn off on its own -LRB- which it is supposed to do -RRB- . As a result of it not turning off the power supply cord gets very hot -LRB- fire hazard -RRB- and I have to unplug the unit to turn it off.VIOlight Countertop 4 Brush UV Toothbrush Sanitizer
 Impossible to get clean and it collects dirty water in the bottom cup . I had had mine for a year and it stops working for no reason often . I also bought a VIOlight childrens toothbrush santizer which also stops working all the time . I would like a wall mounted unit so the toothbrush water does n't collect and it takes up less counter space . Over all , if you like things to be clean and work reliably , do not buy this one .
 My wife found this product at a liquidation store for less than $ 10 around 3yrs ago . She got one for me and one for our adult daughter . Both are still working however one developed a balky switch after a couple of years so that it takes several pushes of the button to activate the device . The two star rating was based on the overall quality at the Amazon price . This is a perfectly acceptable device at $ 10 but at $ 50 I would be very disappointed in the build quality . I will leave the debate over efficacy to others .
 Item was not in working condition when it arrived . Returned for a refund .
 I 've had this for a year now , and have fully developed my opinions on it . It 's a waste of money . Violight 's website quotes a Wall St. Journal article supposedly praising the product , but fails to give the whole picture
 Wow , what a waste . Not only are the other negative reviews correct , the poor design on this product had me immersing my toothbrush head into a pool of collected water at the bottom of this `` sanitizer '' . This seems to be a well put together product because of its sleek and cool looking design . However , as the saying goes , `` appearances can be decieving '' . Aside from this , the disinfective qualities of this product are probably just as effective as letting a toothbrush naturally air dry .
 Used this product for a few months and just assumed it was working . Then one night my husband took a close look at his toothbrush and there was mold on the end of it . When we examined the inside of the Sanitizer closely we found that there was a variety of gunk , mold etc inside . If these things can grow right next to the bulb how much do you think it is doing for your toothbrush ?
 Item worked great for a couple of weeks , then quit working altogether . Very poor product .
 Bought this product here in Amazon a few months ago thinking that it can sanitize toothbrushes . Though there is no proven effect , I got enamored by the idea of UV light keeping the toothbrush heads clean . It was a pretty thing to be seen in the bathroom especially when the bluelight is on but it 's not really as sturdy as compared to a regular toothbrush holder . The holding cups are difficult to clean and since it pools fluid from wet heads , I do n't see how UV light can keep the heads sanitized . And since it is stored in the bathroom , it gets moist most of the time from the steam of the hot water . It was already broken after 3 months of use . It was really a waste of $ 45 .
 This product is priced by the market and is not not priced by the technology it uses -LRB- research and development -RRB- or actual components which make it up . Materials and labor cost approx . $ 5.00 so what constitutes a $ 50.00 price tag ? Is it the value of aesthetics -LRB- packaging -RRB- or the value of piece of mind -LRB- bacteria BE GONE -RRB- that sells this product when many other products or practices do the same thing ? Perhaps it is the cost of shipping junky little consumables around and around the globe that constitutes $ 50.00 . Either way the mark up on this product is grossly high and other lower cost products should be sought after if this is your preferred method of sterilization -LRB- that being an old but effective method of UV light -RRB- . So if you have expendable income then why not donate it the CEO of a NOT so local manufacturer abroad ? You will have a clean mouth and they will have your money .
 Do n't buy this crap . I do n't think it sanitizes the toothbrush . There is NO FDA registered and or UL approved . The unit itself does NOT LAST LONG too . I do n't understand why this crap still sell in here ???
 This review is specific to this seller , AsSeenonTVGuys . I 've purchased from a number of Amazon merchants without a problem . That was n't the case with AsSeenonTVGuys . The product was poorly packed and stopped working after a few weeks . I emailed them about an exchange and they directed me to the Violight customer since it 's under warranty . There 's nothing explicitly wrong with this -- I 'm sure it 's all spelled out in their policies . But is is a far cry from other Amazon marketplace experiences I 've had . If you plan to buy from them , make sure you 've read their fine print and are comfortable with it * before * you purchase .
 Received item promptly but it did n't work and had to be returned . I am still waiting for refund .
 Who would actually think such a gizmo is even useful if it DID do what it claims ? -LRB- 1 -RRB- Anything that gets on your toothbrush head was ALREADY in your mouth . Unless you think your houseguests are cleaning their shoe soles with your toothbrush while you are n't looking . -LRB- 2 -RRB- You are sitting a wet toothbrush head upside down in this gizmo . Which means it is sitting in a puddle of water that is likely to mold/mildew . So you can put mold/mildew INTO your mouth -LRB- that was NOT in your mouth before -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The puddle of water is likely to -LRB- a -RRB- rust out the innards of this gizmo and -LRB- b -RRB- short-circuit the gizmo 's electronics . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The American Dental Association says these gizmos have no proven beneficial health benefits :[ ... -RSB- Given all that , it seems your money would be better spent betting `` Hard 8 '' at the Craps table in Vegas .
 UV toothbrush sanitizer only works on surfaces exposed to the light . If you cut the toothbrush head in half , you 'll see the light does not kill anything hiding inside the mechanical head . The toothbrush must be submersed in a Listerene type product .
 I ordered this product with the impression that an inverted toothbrush holder -LRB- bristles stored upside down -RRB- would be o.k. since the ultraviolet lights would keep the bristles and the machine sanitary . Granted the instructions state that you need to periodically clean the tray . Little did I know that due to design flaws , mildew builds up in the tiny crevices in the lid ! How is this possible if the device was truly sanitizing my toothbrush ?! There is no detectable mildew on the toothbrush , but the black muck certainly is visible in the crevices . I think I will check out an upright santitizer - one that will prop the bristles vertically upward , vice downward -LRB- like this device -RRB- .
 I think this item is overpriced to begin with , though was ok for awhile . When the bulb suddenly quit working , I went looking for a replacement . No one locally carries these , so I ordered one through Amazon for way too much for a light bulb , and the worst part ... IT DID N'T EVEN WORK , though it was supposedly the `` right one '' and looked like the one that came out of the unit so I do n't know if the unit itself just died -LRB- I think we had about 2 years when it did -RRB- or their replacement bulbs are worthless , but either way , I 'm looking for something new !
 Bought this item in January and around June I had to start jiggling the power cord to make it work and now it is September and it has stopped working completely .
 We bought this product in January , and it stopped working after a few months . I called the company , and was told I would have to buy another unit . When I asked her why I would buy another after the first one stopped working , she said she could offer me a discount on the new unit . I have no idea why anyone would want to repurchase a product that only lasts a few months . The unit also had to be taken apart every few days and cleaned because of gunk that would settle and build up in the tray where the brushes sit .
 It seemed like a good idea . wish i 'd saved my money . Within 2 weeks , the holder had black mold or mildew in it . We live in Dallas - it 's certainly not from ambient humidity . it comes apart and the little cup comes out for cleaning , but you ca n't clean this out . not even a bottlebrush gets into the crevices .
 I purchased this product 6 months ago . Since then , it has quit working . I think the light is burned out , since there does n't appear to be anything wrong with the cord . I ca n't find a place to by a replacement bulb , but ... it should n't have burned out that fast in the first place . Based on my experience I give this product a big fat `` Goose Egg : !!!
 I bought this more than a year ago and I had it replaced once . I tried to get it replaced again , and the customer strongly suggests that you buy a new bulb . I 've bought a new bulb twice so far , and they still want you to buy a new bulb even after I 've sent them an email to have my unit replaced.However , I ran into another roadblock , because on their website , they advertise a 2 year warranty . When I tried to claim it , customer service told me that the customer was supposed to buy it at the time of purchase . Sounds like false advertising to me.I 've exchanged several emails with them , but to no avail .1 star for lasting < 12 months , and it looks nice on the counter top .1 star for first time replacement . They sent in a replacement unit right away.After that , they do n't care about you , nor do they care to help you.I would rather buy something to keep my toothbrushes up , and boil them once in awhile .
 I just wanted to comment on this company 's customer service unit . They are horrible . They wasted a lot of my time , which could easily have been avoided by asking me one simple question during the first of several phone calls.In addition , one representative basically was lying to me until I read the text directly from the VIOLIGHT website .
 The item worked perfectly for about 2 weeks . I have purchased 3 of these in the past -LRB- one was a gift -RRB- and I really like them . This one is defective .
 I 've had this for a year now , and have fully developed my opinions on it . It 's a waste of money . Violight 's website quotes a Wall St. Journal article supposedly praising the product , but fails to give the whole picture
 The translucent cap on top began to crack almost immediately , even though it did not take any sort of abuse . In short order it was shattered and crumbling in to many pieces . The violight is also difficult to keep clean , so the crumbling combined with the build-up of toothpaste scum makes it look like a piece of junk . Without the top to hold the brushes , the violight is nearly useless .
 The VIOlight VIO100 is a great idea , but poorly implemented.As many other reviewers have stated the VIOlight VIO100 concept has merit . It provides the ability to sanitize toothbrushes after use . In our household this is a must . Toothbrushes are equally likely to be found on the bathroom countertop , or the ceramic tile floor . The idea of santizing the toothbrush is therefore very appealing.However , the implementation needs help . This is the 4th VIOlight VIO100 that I have purchased and all have failed in a similiar manner . After about 4-6 months -LRB- on average -RRB- the on/off switch fails -LRB- I had one last almost a year -RRB- . I have had 3 fail in the off position -LRB- so that the unit will not turn on -RRB- and one fail in the on position -LRB- the unit never turns off -RRB- . The unit gets used once a day so it is not an issue of overuse -LRB- that 's at most 180 button presses -RRB- . Is it too much to expect that this item lasts a year -LRB- 360 button presses -RRB- ? I guess so ... Call me a slow learner but I think I have to finally give up on the VIOlight VIO100 .
 I injured my shoulder and tried a few products different from the one I normally use , Balsamika , because it is too sticky.All products I tried were also sticky and not as good as Balsamika . Then I saw the salon pas gel . I used it years agobut ca n't find it here in the UK so I ordered it from Amazon UK and paid for a UPS delivery.I remember that Salonpas worked well when I used it in the past , many years ago and thought that it was worth to spendextra money on delivery.This time I had a very different experience . The gel is not sticky and it is easy to wash out but it burns too much.My shoulder has now red stripes and a couple of blisters ... I do n't know if they changed the formula or what.I also ordered Salonpas patches . I had no problems with them but the gel burned my skin . I checked Hisamitsu 's sitebut they do n't have the gel listed amongst their other products . I would like to know why ... Think twice before ordering this gel but if you do order ittry the gel in a very small area before applying it on a bigger area.I have contacted Salon pas , made by HIsamitsu Pharmaceutical Co , and am waiting for an explanation .
 As Weiman says they are # 1 I thought I must be doing something wrong ! Read directions again ... the product does not live up to its hype !!! My cooktop was not badly soiled but the product would not get rid of the rings around the burners which is the only place that needed cleaning . I am dissapointed .
 This works for mild static , but is n't as effective as dryer sheets . Some loads still come out with static . I may switch to Method dryer sheets .
 Yes , I noticed a difference ... a difference in how a product can magically make my clothes more static-y than ever . I had read other reviews before purchasing and many people had terrific results with this item , but I followed instructions and have been using it for over 2 months now and it just does not eliminate static from my clothes . I had high hopes for the idea behind this product but it is nowhere near as effective as they claim , or even as others claim . Extremely disappointed .
 Order the sample kit before using any rosacea product , . I bought this , and should n't have without a test case . It was not good for my skin . I have heard some people have success with it , but since everyone with rosacea is different , there is no way to know . So you can sink a large amount of cash into this and then have to throw it away . If you must try Kamins , I 'd say get the sampler first and be very careful . We rosacea people never stop hoping !
 worst service ever , i order this thing and never got it , i was charge and i havent got my money back
 I 've been trying to find a deodorant without aluminum in it & while at the health food store I found this one by Nutribiotic . Long lasting deodorant it says . What crap . I tried it the first time yesterday , putting only a regular amount of deodorant . I was stinking by the end of the day , despite having showered before I put it on . Today I put on about three times the amount I did yesterday . Half the day has gone & I 've already had to reapply . I work in a busy office , so b.o. is not an option & I wo n't always have time to reapply . So disappointed .
 I wanted to like this , but I could still smell myself through the lavender . If you 're the type of girl that likes Toms etc this may be for you , but if you have moderate to heavy smell-age it 's probably not worth it .
 This had some good natural ingredients but unfortunately it did not work for me . It has a gel consistency and goes on smooth , I did not experience burning or stinging . I mostly do computer work , a few times a day I walk the dog or go to the mail box so I do n't do things that make me sweat . But this did not work for me , even with that little activity I smelled . I will not buy this again . I 'm going to continue to use it until I run out but will have to put it on a couple of times a day in order to contain odors .
 Received my order on 11/5/2011 , but its expiration date - as marked at the bottom of the box -- is 09/11 . Two months past the product expiration date !!!!
 Be aware that the other reviewers have only reviewed ZIA products and therefore may not be impartial.Sad .
 This product was not at all as I expected . I f it were convenient I would return it for a refund . Please advise those considering purchase to not do it.RPFrank
 I bought Cerama Bryte and their Stainless Steel Cleaner with all the gadgets and bought in bulk 6 bottles of each . I paid for the whole shipment over $ 97 with shipping.The Cerama Bryte does not work at all on taking the spots or the overflow of the water when your boiling potatoes and it boils on to the cooktop . This was a real waste of good money . The stainless steel cleaner is just ok . I was willing to spend the money for a real good cleaner to keep my very expensive new Italian made stainless steel range with the sealed ceramic cooktop that cost me over $ 2250 US.After I found that the Cerama Bryte did not give me good results I started searching the internet for other ways to clean the ceramic stovetop without scratching or damaging it . Here is my recommendation : By a can of Bar Keepers Friend -LRB- non-abrasive cleaning powder for about $ 1.19 a can -RRB- and the Mr. Clean Magic erasers . Wet your ceramic cooktop with a little water and put a couple of teaspoons of the Bar Keepers Friend powder . Put a little bit of water on your Mr. Clean magic eraser and then lightly rub all the powder and water with the eraser . After a couple of minutes wipe off the paste with a sponge and get it so it is nearly clean . Finish off with Windex Streak-Free and a paper towel and you have a beautiful clean ceramic cooktop just like it was new.So I have my cleaning cabinet full of this cerama bryte cleaner , treated wipes , stainless steel cleaner and treated wipes as well and I am going to give it to anyone who wants to pick it up . If not gone in the next month it is all going out with the trash for pickup.Worst cleaning product I have ever used is Cerama Bryte !
 I wanted to find a high scale foundation I could use on my oily skin that had light coverage . This product did n't live up to my expectations . It went on very creamy and made my skin more oily than it orginally was . I have very oily skin in the summer and dry in the winter .
 Not sure why the high praise for this product . After reading all the glorious reviews I purchased it , opened it , put it out and gagged . Smelled rotten and looked like 3 dollar coverup from the drug store . Needless to say it instantly met the trash can head on . I recommend trying it in a shop , do not buy online - you ca n't return it and it 's a lot to pay for a major miss .
 I buy a lot of Chef Jay 's products and must admit that this is the worse one I have ever had . Bad thing is I bought two boxes of them and will probably throw them all out . I could n't even eat one .
 I bought 5 different protein bars from Amazon at one time to test them . This was the worst tasting . I bought it for my husband and he calls this the `` OSB '' one . I think it had good stuff in it and definitely had a lot of protein , but we did n't care for the taste .
 i know glutamine how good role in improving my body , , but when i took a this product . . and open the cover ... i really disappointed , , , because the seal already has opened ... also the company they write on it `` do not use if either temper-evident seal is broken or missing '' , , , i want to return this product , , but i really bother to return this product , , , , i know the seller might not know about that but . . it made me really piss me off ...
 I did n't like them and had to return , because they had to be mounted directly to the wall . Which is not adding anything to decorating : -RRB-
 Disabuse yourself of any notion that these taste anything like a `` real '' macadamian cookie . While the overall nutritional value is good , they taste a lot like packing or insulating materials . Were I starving they 'd probably taste great but then again so would my shoes .
 I really like these high protein snacks . The cookies are tasty but the quality varies quite a bit . I 've received 8 boxes now and I can safely say that no two boxes have been exactly the same . Most recently , I received a box that contained cookies with only 18g of protein per pack , and they were definitely harder than previous shipmints . Currently I get two boxes a month , basically one pack of cookies a day , but I will be going down to 1 and begin my hunt for something new and better .
 After searching over and over and trying 4 styles this one works the best . It takes a few tries to get all the hair off my legs . I have had two of these and the button is hard to push . The irritation has been horrible . It warns you that it takes getting used to but 3 weeks of redness and irritation was unbearable . I began scratching after a half a day of shaving . I never experienced this before . Does n't hold a long charge though im not sure what the standard s but 10 minutes is the most I get .
 This is the worst razor I have ever owned and I would not recommend it to any woman . It tore my skin and left me with a rash for days . After using it twice I threw it away .
 I purchased this razor based on the great reviews that other customers gave it and the fact that I 'm tired of constantly having to change razor blades in my manual all of the time . So I gave this one a shot . I was really excited to give this a try that as soon as it was charged , I got right out of bed and turned it on . It was n't really loud like I expected , and it was great to get such a close shave so quickly . However , this close shave only lasted for about an hour or two and I could feel stubble on my legs . I thought that maybe my legs just needed to get used to shaving with something new , so I kept at it for a week with the same results : close shave for only a little while . I guess my legs are just different . This would be great for those of you whose hair does n't grow back quickly , and if it does , do n't mind shaving every waking minute .
 The plugs do not help at all . You hear the noise as if there are no plugs . Although they pretty comfortable albeit useless .
 Very bad I ca n't put them in my ear and if I do they fall out and if they do n't fall out I hear everything like I woul without them
 Only reason I gave these two stars is because I got them so cheap and they last for a time . Overall , I find that these ear plugs simply do not last nearly as long as virtually any other ear plug I 've used . I might use them for a week and they 're shot . The comfort level is good but they quickly get deformed . If I had my choice , I used to use these 3m ear plugs and a set of those would last nearly two months . But I have a hard time finding those anymore . * sigh
 I had a bad experience with an FX789W . It was at least OK at first , but soon the battery began to fail . The trimmer is great , but I had to throw it out because I can only get 2 very weak minutes out of a fully charged battery . And the battery can not be replaced.The bottom line
 -LSB- ASIN : B001UHN0K4 FORFEX by Babyliss PRO FX789W Professional Cord/Cordless Trimmer -RSB- -RSB- I had this Forfex FX789w and now i destroy it.It 's very weak trimmer , the battery need to charge 24 hours for you to use it and the battery work only 20min and then it died.This is Very bad trimmer.Do not buy it ... !
 It is difficult to try an item out in 48 hours especially when it takes 24 hours to charge it up . Unfortunately , the motor is too weak to handle everyday beard trimming and will perform erratically with the slight movement of your hand.Piece of crap and very disappointing . Beauty Products can not even respond to emails .
 I did n't like them and had to return , because they had to be mounted directly to the wall . Which is not adding anything to decorating : -RRB-
 this stopped working shortly after purchase . new battery did n't help - it works only while you push in hard on the rotating on/off switch . just poor quality control .
 When I ordered these , the Amazon.com website indicated that with each order you received TWO holders . At $ 7.75 that seemed reasonable for two of them . I just received them and there is only ONE . I checked with the Amazon website and the product information now says `` 1 per card '' , the price has also dropped to $ 4.99 . No way are these things worth $ 5 each but absolutely not $ 7.75 each . And how improper to change the product description .
 These were terrible . We mounted them on a closet door that is used -LRB- I.e. it swings open and shut many times a day -RRB- . The broom fell off instantly . Also , the screws that come with the holder are so bad they broke off when installing requiring me to drill out and use others . Really , how much could they have saved by including those screws ? 4 cents . Yeash .
 Look , the strop was satisfactory , and the sharpening stone -LRB- really by Ichabod Conk Co. - they 've their own website -RRB- was satisfactory . Service was fast.The particular thing above has frustrated me so much I write about it . After attempting to strop and hone the thing - and believe me , I spent an hour watching videos to-day , just to make sure I was doing the right stuff - the blade was still DULL . Try shaving with a kitchen knife , get it ?
 I bought this stethoscope for myself & my several co-workers -LRB- RN -RRB- last year.Quality of sound is not good to listen chest or lung sound . It might be OK to use to check blood pressure .
 Bought it for my 8-yr old daughter to use as a toy ... she likes listening to heartbeats , etc. . . anyway , the pressure on the pair I rec 'd was just too much for her ears . I tried them too , and could n't use them as intended . And , could n't hear much in the short time they could stay in . Keep looking .
 I bought 3 of these based on the glowing reviews . Here 's what I received . One of the 3 does n't work at all . Ca n't hear a thing through it . The other 2 work well . So quality control is terrible . Worse though , the material used for the connector tubing , the part that is colored , it has a terrible odor that has not gone away with time . Not only does it smell bad , but whatever causes the odor comes off on your fingers from handling the material and your fingers smell of the odor long after using the stethoscope . This makes these intolerable to use .
 I am a new nursing assistant student and needed a stethoscope for the skills lab and clinicals that are fast approaching . The uniform website that I bought my student uniform from and the school bookstore both recommended this stethoscope for students . I wished I had not bought it because I can not hear anything through it . I need a scope to listen to blood pressure sounds with , and this does n't cut it . Might as well give this to your kid or use it for a Halloween costume . I am now trying to search for a Littmann or Welch-Allyn scope , which I should have bought in the first place .
 Advertisement said I was ordering a Prestige Medical stethoscope . Got the product in the mail today ... It is NOT a prestige medical , but some other off brand . I am very disgusted due to the fact that I am leaving for a clinical affiliation soon and evidently do not have a good stethoscope .
 Ca n't hear well . Got one from my school 's stethoscope ceremony ... all it 's good for is display .
 the product was watery and did not have a seal on it . i could not even use the product a waste
 It 's a great looking scale and easy to read , but not exactly a study in precision . Everytime my wife stepped on the scale her weight was different . At first she came in 10 pounds under what she expected . Then it was ten pounds over . It never gave the same reading twice . It seems to give me a consistent measurement , but I have to stand on one foot in the center of the scale . The large dial cuts down on room for larger feet .
 If I could have given negative stars , I would . I put it on and was underwhelmed by how much it sucked . I could maybe pretend it stretched my foot but my imagination just is not that good : -LRB- I would not in a million years recommend this product .
 I do n't know whether this works at all because I ca n't stand the smell for long enough to apply to to my face again . It smells exactly like rotten fish . -LRB- I 've checked with other opinions on this one . -RRB- This is the second samle I 've received that smells like this , so I doubt it 's a fluke . I 'm really suprised that they expect women to pay $ 175 to daily apply a putrid-smelling liquid to their face and neck .
 About 10 years ago I tried a product with the same name . I assumed it would be similar but it was n't . Did n't feel any different as far as energy level and did n't help with weight loss . Sorry would n't recommend .
 The control solution sent was the wrong test product for the Accu-chek Advantage meter that I use . It was for another Roche product . I kept getting wrong readings with this product and finally called Roche and found out that I was sent the wrong testing solution.I ordered testing solution from Roche that corrected the problem .
 I bought these six months ago and thought they were the bees knees . My big pros were that it was off the ground and therefore not taking up a lot of space and also away from our dog who loves to push over hampers . I also liked that it fit behind doors and I bought four of them to use in our master bedroom , kids ' room , bathroom , and one near our kitchen for towels , etc. . After using them for a while , I find them to be totally unusable . They do not stay open . The design is flawed and with some effort I can make them open , but any light bump and the hanger slides out of the little loop made for it and then the opening is folded down and barely open . Or it hangs lopsided . For one , I hate that because it just looks sloppy . When -LRB- if -RRB- you can get it to stay open , it 's too wide to work hanging on the back of any door you need to actually walk through , which was my original thought and would have made the fact that they are sloppy looking moot . More annoyingly though , the fact that it is open -LRB- or should be -RRB- makes it all too enticing to toss laundry into it , and when it 's hanging down -LRB- as they are 99 % of the time -RRB- it 's impossible to get clothes into it using the toss method and thus I am constantly picking up clothes from the floor just around the hamper . Perhaps this is an issue with my family more than the hamper , but I doubt I 'm alone on this . Also , they are just too small . A full hamper does not equal a full load of laundry , so again , I have overflowing hampers constantly . Lastly , since they do n't stand up on the their own , when I bring them to the laundry room there is no easy way to empty them other than dumping contents . It is annoying to dig into them for laundry , and I know they have a zipper on the back , but I do n't find that useful at all . On the upside , they are washable . I 'm currently looking for the elusive `` perfect '' hamper ... this was n't it .
 Methylchloroisothiazolinone and methylisothiazolinone are preservatives found in most commercial moist wipes , even those which proclaim that they are `` natural '' or `` hypoallergenic '' -- even baby wipes ! The problem is that a LOT of people are allergic to or have sensitivities to these chemicals -LRB- or develop them after long use -RRB- . This results in a painful , itchy rash in the worse possible place , and in some cases on your hand as well . Not thinking it could possibly be the wipe , people use MORE of them to alleviate the irritation , resulting in MORE rash and more irritation . When it is a baby 's bum , it is even more tragic.A lot of folks are not allergic or sensitive and do not develop these sensitivities . More power to you . But if you find yourself with a rash , even after using them for YEARS , STOP USING THEM . There are brands out there that do not contain these preservatives . I am not here to advertise for them , just to warn you to READ THE LABEL and think logically if you develop a rash or irritation .
 After using the wipes for awhile both my sons developed an itch . At the time we did n't put 2 and 2 together . My youngest sons itch was so bad I took him to the doctor and she said it looked like ringworm and told me to get foot fungus cream . I did mention to her that I thought it might be the wipes but , she did n't think it was the cause . Well , after using the fungal cream for two weeks -LRB- the doctor said it could take up to a month for the ringworm to go away -RRB- the itching got worse and the rash spread . I took him back to the doctor and she took a culture swab and we found out he has a staph infection caused by the itching ! So no more wipes and nobody itches anymore . It could just be that my boys were sensitive to the ingredients in the wipes but , I did notify Kleenex about what happened with us and am waiting to hear back from them . If your child is prone to skin allergies I would HIGHLY recommend NOT using these wipes .
 Wow . . these Cottonelle Fresh Folded Moist Wipes Tub 42 , are about the size of a Kleenex , and they 're pretty rough on your backside . The small size alone makes them not at all useful for anything but a babies bum , but the texture 's too rough to use on your baby . The name Cottonelle implies soft ; these wipes are anything but.Please rate this review if you found it helpful .
 I was using playtex but decided to try this since it is cheaper , what a big mistake . I used these mostly after a bowel movement for that extra clean feel . I started having some irritation but thought nothing of it and it got worse . I started having these very painful tears/fissures in that area that will heal after 2 or 3 days but will always come back . It will never completely heal . It never occur to me that these wipes were the cause . I continue to use these wipes and continue to have the problem for almost 2 years . I was so scared at one point that it might be STD or something even worse but test results were all negative . I started doing research online and a lot of women have this problem and most of the doctors say it might be something they are allergic to . I tried changing detergent , softener , and etc. . When nothing worked , I stop using these wipes and the fissure went away . I ca n't believe these wipes can cause such horrible problem but after stopping , the fissure never came back . If I can , I would n't even give it 1 star .
 Title Says it all.Can ' t believe people actually use these . I tried the once and tossed them in the trash .
 I 've been using these wipes for a long time , thinking they were a great solution , and did n't make a connection between them and the severe itchy rash that I developed after a while in the areas wiped ... I was suffering from the rash for many months and had no clue that these wipes are causing it ! Nothing would help to alleviate the symptoms , since I continued using the wipes , unaware that they are the culprit . It was so frustrating until I read this report which blames the chemicals/preservatives used in these wipes for creating rashes and irritation ! `` The authors of the new report , from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , singled out one chemical -- called methylchloroisothiazolinone or MCI -- as a cause of particular concern . '' `` We voice our concern about MCI -LRB- and the related compound MI -RRB- being used as a preservative in cosmetics , industrial products , and moist toilet paper . '' `` wet wipes are a common cause of allergy . The allergens are almost always preservatives . `` Are n't you sick of all the harmful chemicals the cosmetic industry is dumping on us ??? Did you read the looooong list of chemicals that are in these wipes ? And it says on their label
 I wanted to try an alternative to Hint that was a little cheaper . I tried this water and it had a weird taste . It is hard for me to describe , but I shall try . It taste ... `` chemically . '' In the description , it stated it had minerals in them and it tasted like they put too much ... minerals or something . It was very hard for me to finish and I 'm angry that I spent the money . I 'm going back to drinking Hint .
 I really wanted to like this water . In fact , my first sip was pretty good until the aftertaste hit me . I do n't know if it 's the potassium sorbate that tastes so terrible , or what , but the aftertaste reeked of chemicals . It may just be in my head , but the water even made me feel strange after I drank it ... sort of a `` foggy '' feeling . I ca n't recommend this product to anyone .
 i like the feel and design for this light but it was really leaky and smoked half pack a day i had to refill it daily before i stopped using it
 does it 's job but this is not what i remember about zippo lighters . i thought these were sturdier but mine feels way too flimsy , the little hinge that holds the cap is loose . i do n't think dealing with a return is worth my time given the price of the lighter .
 I could be a good lighter ? I never got it at all . Do n't know what it looks like . I payed $ 12.00 for nothing
 now is Dec 11 &#65281; I still do have my zippo &#65281; &#65281; it suppose be here in December 4 &#65281; that was 7 days ago &#65281; OMG &#65281; I 'm disappointed . I do n't know when I can have it &#65292; but I 'm living tomorrow &#65281; &#65281;
 My order was recieved in reasonable time . The item appeared to be new , genuine , and with it 's original factory-sealed bubble-pack package intact . I was eventually able to charge the battery per owner 's manual instructions , and the battery then appeared to be working fine.But , the new as-received battery initially did not take a charge , and I suspected that the contacts might have built up some invisible tarnish due to long on-the-shelf aging . So I lightly polished the contacts on each end of the battery with a few strokes on the sole of a leather-soled shoe . This seemed to resolve the initial problem , and the battery then seemed to charge and work in my Sony MiniDisk recorder.But , I then discoverd that the record time was much shorter than my original Sony battery , and a fully charged battery seems to run down on it 's own in less than a month . So , these are apparently stale batteries being sold as new .
 this product stinks i only use this battery 3 times a week for 45 minutes i need to recharge after the 2nd time.i will never purchase this item again .
 This item I brought came to my house open , no seal @ all , just wasted it a couple of bucks , this is nonsense .
 I was deceived by the advertisement . Thought it was Turpentine to apply on soreness , so after I received it I threw it in the trash can . Was n't worth returning .
 I have tried so many different poison oak medications and ointments . I have had very little luck other than doctor prescribed steroids . Unfortunately the Natrabio did nothing for me .
 I purchased these for my kids to color/read in bed . The bins on the side are a great feature . They hold books , pens , actually can hold quite a bit of stuff . It is not as strong as it looks and bows when items are too heavy . You can not choose colors and I received two red ones , which makes it difficult to differentiate users . Nothing a Sharpie can cure . When I was making the bed one day , the sheets were covering the unit , my son stepped on it . It cracked , bowed and basically was a goner . He did not like the red anyways .
 My hubby bought this for me for much cheaper than this listed as a temporary lap table for use in bed and the couch . Although the spaces on the sides are nice the table top is indented and if your laptop is the wider kind it will not `` fit '' and slide . If you use this in bed careful if you move around -LRB- changing position ect -RRB- cause it gets off balance and falls backward . -LRB- note the legs are narrowed -RRB- . Based off this one I am looking for one that is wider , has a wider leg stance . This would be GREAT for kids !!!
 For me it was a short bout of itchy eyes and an extremely runny nose -LRB- I have also taken them on more than one occasion , with the same results every time -RRB- when I first started to take them I would just blame the weather , but after taking too many in too many different occasions I figured it was probably just a slight allergic reaction.It could have worked if whatever was in it that gave me the sniffles and itchy eyes so bad was not in it.If you have never tried it before I would suggest starting with a small package first.I am not sure how bad this reaction could get , or if other people are more sensitive.I would actually advise anyone to speak to there healthcare provider about this one , especially if you haveever had an allergic reaction to antibiotics , pollen , or pet dander .
 I ordered this product because I was curious as to its efficacy . On further investigation , it turns out that kava kava and more specifically Happy Camper have been linked to liver failure and , in some instances , death . Personally I am not interested in something that may either make me a little happier for a day , or kill me for the rest of my life . I have nothing against this company or this type of product - just do a little research before you try it . BE CAREFUL .
 I did not notice almost any difference after taking this pill . Since this is my first time taking it , I will wait and see if things change . But for now , no change in my mood ... = |
 I am a SUPER healthy eater , so maybe that 's why . Perhaps this will work for people that eat a lot of junk . For me though ; BIG waste of money ! I give it 2 stars bc it must be good for something ...
 I have been taking this product and it seemed to help a little but not as much as taking 5HTP . Then I noticed it said something about causing a rare liver condition . So I researched it more as you should and one woman died after she needed a liver transplant from the effects of kava -LRB- main ingredient in this product -RRB- and several other people needed liver transplants after taking this product .
 I was not happy with product . It caused me to have stomach pains and feel weird . The first couple of times I took it I felt relaxed but faded away . I am also scared of the kava kava especially with stomach pains . Next purchase will be more of true calm by Now foods .
 I 'm not sure if it 's just me because I searched everywhere on the internet and everyone seems to be happy with this product but me . I rarely try not to give too many things only one star but these capsules did nothing for me .
 I was really hoping this would help me relax but it did n't help me do anything other than get annoyed . Oh well .
 I was so excited to try out this supplement after trying out an even more commercialized version of Kava Root while in Hawaii . I was actually very disappointed when I took this the first time only to realize that it had very little or no effect . Compared to my previous Kava Root experience , this was so minimal that it could have easily been a placebo effect that I was feeling . With the drinkable stuff I had , I knew I had the real root when my mouth became numb . About thirty minutes later , I legitimately felt as if I had smoked a small amount of marijuana . Other people 's reviews tend to say quite the opposite of my experience , so I do n't want to say that Kava root has no effect , because it does . It is like a legal drug , and it 's effects are great . Try this product out and I hope it works better for you than it has with myself .
 Methylchloroisothiazolinone and methylisothiazolinone are preservatives found in most commercial moist wipes , even those which proclaim that they are `` natural '' or `` hypoallergenic '' -- even baby wipes ! The problem is that a LOT of people are allergic to or have sensitivities to these chemicals -LRB- or develop them after long use -RRB- . This results in a painful , itchy rash in the worse possible place , and in some cases on your hand as well . Not thinking it could possibly be the wipe , people use MORE of them to alleviate the irritation , resulting in MORE rash and more irritation . When it is a baby 's bum , it is even more tragic.A lot of folks are not allergic or sensitive and do not develop these sensitivities . More power to you . But if you find yourself with a rash , even after using them for YEARS , STOP USING THEM . There are brands out there that do not contain these preservatives . I am not here to advertise for them , just to warn you to READ THE LABEL and think logically if you develop a rash or irritation .
 I used these wipes exclusively for about 2 years - ever since they were first released on the market . I liked the idea , and they seemed to do the job well . I actually got to the point of carrying them with me so I could use them vs. toilet paper when I was n't at home.After several months of use however I got to the point where I felt raw & dry - with cracked , bleeding skin & pain when wiping . I just figured it was all the more reason to use the wipes - they would keep me clean so I could heal up better.This spring I purchased a bidet toilet seat at home -LRB- Coco 9500 -RRB- , and I began to use that toilet seat in conjunction with these wipes . I began to feel better , but still struggled a bit with dry/painful skin.Finally , this summer I quit using the wipes , cold turkey , to see what happened . The first week or so was n't great , but fairly rapidly - certainly within two weeks , my skin healed up , any bleeding stopped , and I felt a lot more comfortable . My guess is some chemical - maybe the alcohol , in these wipes causes them to dry out your skin , which can make things worse , not better . They are probably good for occasional use , but if you plan on using them over a sustained period of time you are probably better looking at a bidet toilet seat or something along those lines - it 'll be less hard on your skin.And if you are using them now since you feel raw , dry , cracked , bleeding , etc. - it might be worth trying to give them up for several weeks to see if your problems go away . Instead of the solution for your problems , these might be contributing to those problems .
 The price was very high . I thought that I was getting a pack of multiple refills , not just one pack . Also , they clog your toilet . That was really expensive !
 These wipes are particularly harsh and full of industrial-strength cleaning products that may be appropriate for cleaning your floor or toilet , but certainly not your body . This caused instant irritation for everyone in our house . I recommend 7th generation or other natural chemical-free products .
 I am dissapointed in the product , and in myself for not researching better . I do not believe in putting petroleum in any form on my body . I read the golden glowing reports , I found the best price , recieved it quickly and was gob smacked when I read the ingrediant list . If you are reading this review , be aware that if you use petroleum jelly , you can get it at a better cost , and if you are looking for quality ingrediants , keep on looking.Good Luck
 Do n't be fooled by the apparent value . There are four capsules to make up a single 1 g dose . Seemed that a good value until I got the bottle . Significantly more expensive than other HMB products .
 I have tried HMD before -LRB- a long time ago -RRB- and thought I would try one more time . But I just dont see that it does anything . The studies are out there but I dont see it . I wont buy it again .
 These are just some microfiber booties . They do not even work as well to treat rough feet as plain old socks do .
 I 've tried several brands of shaving soap , including Taylor of Old Bond Street , the generic pharmacy brand , Proraso and Colonel Konk . They all perform better than Porter 's - even the inexpensive generic from the corner store.Regardless of how hot or lukewarm the water is , or how much you use , or how hard or soft the water is , or how much time you spend lathering , this soap just does not lather . It remains weak and thin in any case . It 's also too small to fit in a normal shaving dish or mug - it will only fit the Porter 's mug . Save your money and your skin , use Taylor of Old Bond Street .
 After reading a great review of this product , I purchased it . But contrary to the reviews I read , this soap does not lather up well and did not cause my razor to glide any better then using hand soap . Cheap shaving cream does a better job than this soap . The one positive thing I found about this soap is that the witch hazel really did cause my skin to feel tight and refreshed , but that is offset by the fact that it does not provide a good shave .
 It lathers up ok but its far too harsh . It 'd be just like using a keg of hand soap for your shave . That makes it way , way too expensive .
 Just got this mug , and it looks great and feels great , except when I go to use it . I 've got a relatively large handled brush , so I could squeeze it and 3 fingers in there , but once in , forget moving around . So lather was a no-go with this product . I do n't know by how much my brush handle is bigger , but I ca n't see this being used practically by anyone . Try out a larger coffee mug and you 'll get the idea on how much room this thing has . Also , as another reviewer pointed out , not many soaps fit in this thing . Do yourself a favor and look for an actual shaving bowl , your wrist and fingers will thank you for it .
 I would not recommend this product as it peels off within one day after application . When you try to remove the rest of the polish , you need a hammer and chisel to get it off . I had to get out the sponge with the green scrubber , and I still have streaks of color on my nails .
 This product is loaded with soy ! I do n't know if that is what made my face break out with huge red blotches and nearly closed my eyes from puffyness , but it lasted for well over a week and I took Benadryl on my doctors instructions . I am not allergic to bee stings but I wo n't be trying bee propalis again .
 It did not perform as I had read about . I had heard it could do a lot for my tiredness but I still seem to be tire all the time . Maybe it 's not this product . Perhaps it 's just me !
 Well , the product is good in flavor and fairly good at mixing into milk and water . The downfall of this product is the customer service behind it.I contacted the company regarding a problem I had with the product and rather than handle my issue in a professional manner , it became an immediate argument . The accusatory manner , unprofessional demeanor and over all juvenile response to my valid concerns as a customer put a very bad taste in my mouth . There are so many products on the market that are as good if not much better without paying the price of extremely poor service .
 They are misleading people as to what this does . If will increase your blood pressure but not sure that is why people buy it . just read the ingredients and go to a health food store and buy for much less . Beware of out-dated product too .
 i tryed the product and i had no real results . i did not notice anything differnet . would not buy it again.rick smith
 I 've taken other male hormonal support formulas with much better results . Notably , Gaia 's Male Libido formula and others . This one ranks the lowest . I 've taken for two weeks now and had very little positive effect . The pills have a nasty taste as well and are quite large and difficult to swallow . The blue coloring and marketing hype are clearly trying to get you to think this is herbal viagra and it 's emphatically not .
 It not what its hyped up to be , it helps with blood flow but not with growth . over all i would n't recommend this to anyone .
 This product did nothing at all for me . If you want to find out which product I used that gave immediate results , see my review of Entenze 180ct . supply . Now that is a product that worked great for me ,
 I was very surprised when I first tried these , because I was expecting delicious chocolate but instead they are somewhat flavorless . Obviously the vitamins are great and needed when you 're pregnant-but the taste is bland . Luna bars are much , much tastier .
 Memory lost runs in both sides of our families and we wanted to start taking this to help with our minor forgetfullness . It did nothing whats so ever . After watching the Doctor OZ show about memory lost DR. OZ recommended just taking 100mg ginkgo biloba twice a day everyday . Also our local CVS pharmacist said
 I was not too impressed . It is to help Celiac digest food , so as to not get sick . I had a SMALL amount of food that I would not normally eat as a celiac , and I got very sick . Can I use them up ?? Yes , but they are a little expensive for a digestive aide . I do not recommend them for Celiac .
 This was my second attempt to find a reacher to help me fasten my velcro straps on my shoes . The item does a fair job , BUT the connection between the to parts is a very weak plastic and does not have enough length to adequately support the joint . If you lift anything the connection is under strain and bends . In order to use the tool , I securely wrapped it with duct tape for support and do not lift anything heavier than my shoe . It does do a fair job of pulling the straps over to fasten , however the lower jaw frequently slips off to the side the upper and jams .
 We were n't really impressed with this product . We used it without a condom and it did n't stay put . Also , since ordering this product I continue to receive junk mail to the email address I used . I do n't appreciate that at all .
 I liked these little zippos years ago so i bought one again . Disappointment . Get the full size one instead . I have 3 of these small ones purchased from 3 seperate stores and they all suck . Full sized zippos work great in my experiance , carried them for years but for some reason the small ones do n't work well .
 At 599.00 a can I think Ill pass . Not sure whats in it but I will go with activia and have some car repair.money left over .
 I have Chronic fatigue syndrome/ME since many decades with severe episodes of body pain / aches.I decided to take Serrapeptase -LRB- 3 times a day 2 x 80,000 IU -RRB- , because it was said to help with inflammation causing the body pains.Well - unfortunately each time I take a dose , my body pains / soreness become a lot stronger for several hours.I have tried it only for 2 days being 6 dosages - with the increased body pains after each dosage . So I had to stop taking it again.I have googled for this type of side effect with Serrapeptase -LRB- independent of which brand -RRB- and was astonished how many people posted this same side effect.Why is it always sold has having ` virtually no side effects ??? Makes me mad!So really do watch any possible side effects ...
 This product caused me stomach problems and had to send it back . Some people like it , but not for me .
 I used this and the high potency formulations in attempts to improve various forms of scar tissue - I have some injury scars as well as acne scars and none of them showed any change over 10 + months of use . A shame , as it seems to work so well for some .
 Do not take more 2-3 capusules a day , If you take more than recommended amounts like most there are cases where it did more harm to you , like it did to me . It undid all Hyberbaric oxygen therapy for 30 days for 2 hrs a day . The book The Miracle Enzyme is Serrapeptase by Robert Redfern where he says does no harm is not true that there no side effects .
 This product may work for some but for me created gas and discomfort . I figured I 'd post so that the next person buys with caution or forewarning . Not returning it as it was only $ 11 but I wo n't be using it myself .
 I tried this for foot neuromas . I did n't notice any improvement , but I only took it for about a week . My blood pressure increased from around 117/77 to around 140/95 , with no other apparent reason , so I discontinued it .
 I ran out of serrapeptase and ordered this with a 2-day shipping for 10 bucks . I received it a week later -LRB- ordered on 07/06 and promised to be delivered by 07/08 but received it on 07/13 -RRB- . Be careful of 2-day shipping with this fella , you might end up wasting 10 dollars.As for the product itself , I have n't experienced any miracle yet , but I have been using it just for a little over a month . I have been recommended this product by many and I am positive that this product will help me with my condition.Regards , Tallahassee Guy
 I bought this specifically to give to my two older cats . I purchased through Vitacost , and the ad stated that not only was the capsule enteric coated but that the serrapeptase granules were also enteric coated which meant I could put this in cat 's food , and it would be digested correctly . This is not stated on the bottle so I opened a capsule and put on my tongue to test . The `` granules '' totally dissolved in my mouth !! So not good at all for pets plus this was false advertising . I 'm also reading now that it should not be taken with food , so I 'm at a loss as to how to give the Serrapet -LRB- specifically for pets -RRB- pills to them !
 These gloves decimate in 30 seconds with lacquer thinner . If you use any compariable chemicals , these gloves are not for you . We needed small or medium gloves and these were advertised as similar to what we needed . However , they are probley only resistance to household chemicals . I called the company prior to ordering and they told me these are just the gloves we need . Caution if you use any chemicals similar to lacquer thinner
 These gloves decimate in 30 seconds with lacquer thinner . If you use any compariable chemicals , these gloves are not for you . We needed small or medium gloves and these were advertised as similar to what we needed . However , they are probley only resistance to household chemicals . I called the company prior to ordering and they told me these are just the gloves we need . Caution if you use any chemicals similar to lacquer thinner
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 These are n't too bad . Great peanut taste but tasted stale . Wonder if it was because when I received them the `` Best Buy '' date to eat them was February 07 and I purchased and received them in September 07 .
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 I was disappointed by the quality of this production year of Thera-band Black . I do my `` rehab '' exercises every day and the band broke within three weeks - and then again within five days . This deterioration of quality make the product really not worth the money .
 Used to be an excellent choice for exercise band Now it comes much thinner and does not provide the resistance that it used to . Do n't buy .
 This item broke twice within two weeks from pretty light use . A shame , because I think it was hoping I could use it for a few months to help fix a hip running injury
 This is wasted money . It smells horrible if you 're allergic to perfume . It 's not `` Lightly scented '' but heavily scented and not `` tear free '' . Bad product . Find something completely scent free for your baby .
 I recently bought this body wash/shampoo for my 1 year old . The label claims that it is tear-free , but every time even a little bit of this gets in his eyes , he screams in pain until I rinse his eyes out . I should mention that this has never happened with any other shampoo we have used on him , and now that I have switched back to his old shampoo , we do not have that problem anymore . Also , this is lightly scented , but to me it smells like the shampoo we used to use on our dog -- not really a great smell for a baby . The good thing about this product is that it was on a list of shampoos/body washes that are recommended as safe -LRB- chemical-wise -RRB- for babies and children .
 This product gave me an aftertaste for quite a while . Other brands did n't have the same effect , but when I tried this one , it did . I had to throw it away because of the `` repeat '' of fishy taste .
 If you are looking to use this thermometer for fertility charting , please consider this information
 I 've been quite disappointed with this thermometer . :-LRB- I can take my teperature 4 times in a row and get a different result each time . The difference is slight albeit important due to the whole reason for taking a daily temp . Although the backlight feature is handy , it takes a while to clear the last temp and get a new one .
 This thermometer drives me & my husband crazy ! It beeps constantly while it 's taking the temperature , concluding with a series of rapid beeps . I miss my old thermometer that beeped only once at the end.I usually wake up for the first time in the morning a couple of hours before our alarm goes off , and I take my temperature then . With our previous thermometer it was no big deal to do it that way , but this noisy thermometer wakes us both up and we have trouble falling back asleep afterwards.Definitely avoid this thermometer if constant beeping noises bother you first thing in the morning !
 I ordered this thermometer because it had a four star rating . I wish now I would have taken the time to read through the reviews . Within two months , the thermometer stopped working . I replaced the battery , with no luck . I 've been using a regular -LRB- not basal -RRB- thermometer as a backup , and it 's giving me a completely different temperature , which makes me doubt the accuracy of this thermometer . I only hope I can get my money back
 This only measure temps to 1/10 of a degree & not 2/10 for recording BBT for monitoring your cycle . Would not recommend for those trying to use for BBT charting .
 Battery died very quickly for me - within a few months . Not sure if this is the norm for basal thermometers , but I went out and bought a Walgreens brand thermometer instead of a new battery , and almost a year later that one 's still going strong .
 The one I received has model number 403001 , which is the same as a &#34; BD Digital Thermometer &#34; I bought recently . However it came with a instruction manual of Basal Thermometer . There is no difference in the two thermometers appearance and feature , which I would not have found if I had not purchased a &#34; regular &#34; BD digital thermometer . The seller was BD MEDICAL SUPPLIES .
 I read some bad reviews but chose to ignore them because this thermometer had all the features I wanted with a really great price . The problem ? It 's entirely inaccurate ! It is reading inconsistently from .5 -1.5 degrees off . I used two separate thermometers and both read 98.7 . This one gave me a reading from 99.3-99 .9 . My husband 's results were even worse!What good is a thermometer that is n't accurate?That being said , I did like the beeps that tell you it 's working , the back light , and the memory recall . If it were accurate I would like this thermometer.I love Amazon and have had great experiences however , in this case , I would basically lose money to return this defective item because for some strange reason I 'm responsible for the return shipping costs . I could see that if I just did n't like the product but we 're talking about one that is completely useless at this point.Don ' t waste your money here ! Go to your local drug store and buy one that you can return . Hopefully you 'll have better luck !
 This thermometer is a few degrees off and useless . It never says the temp is over 97 degrees and my baby had a temp of 100.4 and it said her temp was only 97.6 . Waste of money .
 I did not like this product because it did not read to the 100th place like a bbt should read
 Horrible product . It has given me 92 and 93 degree readings . I called the place and they told me I was taking my temperature wrong . I would not recommend this product .
 My thermometer would n't come on once I received it . I took the battery out and could only get it to come on if the battery was placed just right . Once I got it to come on , it would n't work properly . It gave the finishing beep as soon as I turned it on . The F does n't flash to indicate that its ready . It did n't beep as it took my temperture , and never beeped to indicate it was finished . If it gives a memory reading -LRB- rare -RRB- , it is incorrect -LRB- 106.4 ? -RRB- . Quite disappointing to receive a dud and have to deal with returning it and getting a new one.If I get a replacement I hope it works better than this one.I did get a replacement , and it works perfectly . If yours seems to malfunction , definitely send it back for a new one!As for my new , fully functioning thermometer , it is easy to use , does n't beep too loudly , and is accurate and reliable . No complaints this time .
 I had barely started using this & it 's already dead - after one month of use . Not worth the money .
 As long as it was working , I liked this product fine but it stopped working within two weeks . Further , when I requested for a replacement , the company representative told me to return ship the product for them to ship me a new one . Hassle ! Hassle ! I instead bought a new one from local Ralphs .
 I dislike that it beeps upon turning it on , and beeps every few seconds while it is taking the temp , and then beeps multiple times to indicate it is done . All this beeping is annoying to me -LRB- such an annoying noise that early in the morning ! -RRB- and to my husband who mistakes it for his alarm clock -- it wakes him up and is thus disturbing his sleep . A quieter product would be more welcome to both of us !
 Thermometer worked TWICE on two successive days . From that point the display only registered gibberish . Foolishly , I was very angry and frustrated and since the trash was being picked up that morning , I tossed the thermometer in with the garbage , so I have no recourse -LRB- but it felt good to put it where it really belonged -RRB- . Given reviews of many other digital oral thermometers , I 'm downright suspicious of these mass-produced , cheaply-made items -LRB- not limited to thermometers , of course - we 're overrun with similar junk in this country -RRB- . I 'm going to try a couple of local drugstores to see if I can find a basic , traditional non-digital oral thermometer .
 I would make sure if you order this product that you do not order it through eSource Wellness . My thermometer was simply put in a thin oversized envelope with no padding or protection . When I opened the envelope , the box of the thermometer was destroyed , the plastic protective case was shattered and the thermometer itself was just loose in the envelope . The company 's website was not working so via Amazon , I emailed them on two different occasions about my order . This was two weeks ago and I have yet to hear back from them.The thermometer itself is functioning but I 'm suspicious about it 's accuracy . Regardless of the time of day , the reading is always 98.2 or 98.3 . I ordered this thermometer because the one I bought from Walmart -LRB- different brand -RRB- fluctuated so much even after consecutive readings .
 This thermometer does not seem to measure temperature correctly . It never reads above 98.2 for me whether I take my temp at waking or after a high intensity workout . We thought my temperature might just be on the low end of normal , so my husband also tested it during mid morning hours after he was awake and active . It only read 98 degress for him . I do n't trust that it 's working and I 'll be returning the unit .
 I was using this thermometer to track my cycle temperature . I had to use it everyday at 5:45 am . However , the screen was messed up and I had to tilt it in all different lights to read the temp . Needless to say - that was n't easy to do at 5:45 in the morning . I threw it away .
 The seller delivered a different item.the seller gave us a fever thermometer and when we contacted them they told us they will send us a label to return the item back.its been two months and we are yet to receive it.from the reviews i now see that this has happened many times.if the item is not in stock then why send us some other product ??? so now we are not able to return the item back and we are stuck with this item which we dont want.waste of money.if you are ordering this product to use immediately then please buy from some other seller because a lot of mixups are happening.so save your money and buy from some other seller .
 The first themometer I received would not put out a digital display . The company agreed to exchange it , but neither themometer that I have recieved is the one in the picure and just says digital fever themometer and is not a basal themometer . Just go to the drug store , it will be much faster and you will get what you want .
 I ordered this basal thermometer in late October and received a fever thermometer from them instead . I contacted them immediately & they said they would send out the correct one with a return label . I waited a week & nothing . I contacted them again & they said they were out of the basal thermometers so they just sent me a return label for the fever one . I returned it to them & received a full credit . Obviously this was a huge waste of my time & hopes , so why do they still have it listed for sale ? Do they just send out the fever one hoping the customer wo n't notice ??? Do n't buy from them .
 My thermometer came with either a burnt out battery or does n't work at all - I 'll find out today when I try to replace the battery . It 's a pain -LRB- ... -RRB- either way though .
 This thermometer should be simple , but it is not . The last tempeture remains on screen for a long time and you have to constantly keep pressing the on/off botton to erase it , then it is not inmediately ready to use . Do not buy , waist of your money !!
 This is NOT a basal thermometer . It only reads to the tenth of a degree ... my normal thermometer does that . Temping for fertility is only useful if you can get to the hundredth of a degree so that you can accurately gauge your shifts . Waste of money .
 Although yes , it does what it is supposed to do and takes your temperature , its continuous beeping every few seconds for over a minute is entirely unnecessary . It wakes my husband up and although he does not get angry and knows it is not my fault he does get annoyed at the product -LRB- I would find it annoying if the positions were reversed -RRB- . I am going to look for another product that does not beep the entire time it is taking my temperature .
 When I received this item in December the box was torn and the thermometer was coming out of the box -LRB- the shipping envelope was intact so this most definitely did not occur in shipping -RRB- . It looked like it had been used and returned . I contacted Mr. Medical , who was very responsive and apologetic . They told me they would send me a new thermometer and a label to return the old one . 1.5 months later it still has not arrived . I have looked for a new thermometer in stores and have not been able to find basal thermometers . I really wanted to start charting though , so last night I cleaned the thermometer well with alcohol -LRB- all the while thinking that the box was probably torn in packaging process and they certainly would n't have sent a used thermometer -RRB- and woke up at 5:15 this morning to take my temperature . 93.4 degrees . All I can think is someone did return it -LRB- because it does n't work -- 93.4 is not exactly a healthy person 's temperature -RRB- and then they sent it to me . I 'll be using a regular thermometer until I can get a new one but I am appalled that this company would sell a used thermometer .
 Stopped working after a few months of use . I will not buy it again . It is also very loud and would wake my husband .
 I got a total of 3 yes only THREE tempatures out of this themometer before it stopped working and now I am not even sure those temps were correct!My husband and I are trying to concive so we started charting , this morning I woke up to take my 4th temp and sure enough this thermometer wasnt working I could only get it to recall the memory and not take a new temp , eventually it took a ` temp ' but I am pretty sure my BBT was not 92.3 so I took the battery out and replaced it then tried again and all that did was clear the memory temp so I could only get blank lines . After 15 minutes of trying I gave up , after all I am sure the whole point of my waking BBT was out the window at that point anyway!If you are looking to use this for TTC or as BC I suggest either paying for a good one or going to the store and buying it that way you do n't have to mess with filing a claim or shipping if it does n't work !
 Product is not accurate . Had to return it . It kept saying the temperature was 90.4 . I highly doubt that 's anywhere near accurate .
 There is really no reason to use this Travel Size version of the Glide Floss , when the Full Size version is just as space efficient , but is more convinient and less expensive to use .
 These are very small , only 3-1/2 X 8 inches , and do not stay cold . Before buying , I checked several sites for the size , but nothing was listed anywhere -LRB- that should have been my clue -RRB- . I need these for headaches and the back of my neck . Because they are so small , they do not stay cold , maybe 5 minutes on either side . I have n't used them warm , but I imagine the same would be true . I ordered 2 , and by the time they added tax and shipping it was $ 38 for basically 2 worthless little beanbags . I bought one years ago that was twice as wide as these and was filled with cloves and spices . It was the best product I 've ever used . Stayed cold for approx . 45 to 50 minutes . Have never been able to replace it with anything remotely close . But -- I 'll keep trying !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- did NOT deliver this item . They did a BAIT-AND-SWITCH and sent another item that is NOT time release . This is probably the best that store can do . They also make it VERY VERY HARD to return anything . Clearly they want to punish people who want to return items they did not order .
 Before when they sold the time released versions , they were worth it . They worked well for the value.The last set they sent me were not the time released ones . I contacted them , they said it was an error . I asked them if they could send me the time released ones , and they said they do n't sell them anymore.They still have the sale posted on Amazon.Do not buy from drugstore.com .
 I really liked the idea of an herbal supplement that would help enhance my mood . But after taking the easy to swallow capsules I really did n't notice any significant difference in my overall mood -- only that I felt a little bit more relaxed a little while after taking the pills .
 Just FYI to everyone
 The only difference between this product and some others I 've used is that the Nature 's Resource did n't upset my stomach . It was also nice having to take it just once a day ... easier to get a full dose . I 'd recommend it to others .
 I 've noticed no changes in my '' `` emotional well-being '' '' since I started taking Nature 's Resource Time Release St. John 's Wort Capsules . I would n't recommend this product . I did , however , like the time-released aspect of this product . It 's much easier to remember to take it once per day than several times throughout the day .
 This stuff gives me headaches -- I 've found that the Kira or Perika brands are much better for this . I recently tested it again after running out of Perika , thinking &#34; maybe it was just a matter of adjusting to different dosages or something the first time , &#34; but nope , the headaches returned as soon as I started taking this one , and stopped as soon as I got out my remaining Kira tablets -LRB- usually in my travel toiletries -RRB- and started taking them instead . It may be just fine for you and it 's certainly cheaper than those other brands , but there 's something in them that my system does n't tolerate well .
 Yes , no cables . Also , contents described on cover/inventory do not match what is provided.For the record im currently stranded with a dead battery , so you bet im salty .
 As other reviewers have said , the description and pictures are misleading ! Unfortunately for me , these reviews did n't go up until after I put in my order ! I am very upset . This is the first time I 've ever bought something from Amazon and been so misled . And for those that may not have read the other reviews , there is no hand chargeable flashlight or waterproof matches . Matches were replaced by ONE candle due to alleged shipping restrictions . How am I supposed light any of the candles WITHOUT matches ?! Also , it is now a 65-piece kit . I do n't know how it compares to the 63-piece kit , but I doubt the 2 extra pieces are anything more significant than bandages . One final thing is that there is a August 2010 expiration date listed on the front of the bag . I have n't checked to see which item expires , but it probably refers to a minor first aid item .
 I got one of the other AAA kit 's and figured that the severe weather one would be a good addition considering I live in Chicago and every so often we have severe weather . I read the reviews and people raved about the little shovel ... ummm why ? Either I did n't get the same one they did or I got a defective one because I could n't use it . Three people could n't use it . I actually threw it out it was that much of a waste -LRB- the shovel not the kit -RRB- . Any of the other AAA car kits are just as good and have everything if not more that this one does .
 I live in Alaska and this is n't what I expected . The flashlight - no , the emergency candles are just tealights - come on I expected EMERGENCY candles , the first aid kit is a couple of wipes , a small role of tape and some bandaids - ok for a paper cut , the shovel is nice but not much good for anything more than planting a rose bush - we have feet of snow it will take hours to dig out with this . Need I go on . Not worth the money I spent for sure . I would not waste my time with this one .
 Kit consists mostly ofbandaids in a zipper pouch . Other items seem to be mostly made of cheap plastic , except shovel .
 I 've never had a problem with wearing earplugs before using this product . It does a great job sealing off sound but when I pull them out of my ear , I have very bad pain inside my ear like the suction is pulling out my ear drum . No matter how slow or how careful I am pulling them out , i 'm still in pain . Like I said , use ear plugs to sleep all of the time , I suspect it is the extra cushion on the outside of the plug that is a culprit . Very bad product .
 I usually use a mooncup which I am very happy with but having bought the softcups as a fertility aid I decided to give these a go for a period I was due while travelling as I stupidly thought it would be easier to use them than sterilise the mooncup.Almost as soon as I used them I knew it was a mistake . I was in a constant state of minor leakage . No matter what I did I was always leaking small amounts . I read the instructions to see what I was doing wrong and learned that small leaks are normal with this product ! In what world are constant small leaks ok ? Certainly not in the world of the owner of two scenthounds anyway . Thanks for the embarrassing Christmas Instead !
 I was so excited when I found these in CVS , I thought hey I can finally give up tampons and pads . . How wrong I was ? I 'm a heavy flow for at least 3 days and this was so inconvient , I had to change these at least every 3 hours like a tampon and so for me these did n't work . The only good thing I liked was that I could use them on my last 2 days or so , so that was kinda good . . I in my opinion they 're okay but I 'm thinking of trying the divacup instead . .
 I can remember using Instead when it first came out but have trouble finding it in stores now . The only perk it has over what I use now instead of tampons is that it is intercourse-friendly . I use a DivaCup -- also sold as Moon Cups or Keepers . It -- unlike Instead -- is REUSEABLE ! It is a cup you insert that 's made from silicon -LRB- so it is non-irritating -RRB- , and it lasts about TEN YEARS . I got it a year ago because it is so environmentally friendly -LRB- disposables create so much waste -RRB- and love it because I forget it 's even there . Also , I do n't have to worry about being ` stocked up ' for my period . Keepers are made from natural rubber if you want to go even more eco-friendly , but I was afraid of an allergic reaction so I went with silicon . The ONLY drawback is that you ca n't wear it during sex.Like the Instead Softcup , it does n't absorb my body 's natural lubricators , so my pH is nice and healthy , and the DivaCup holds a full ounce of blood -- much more than a tampon.If you like Instead , I think you would prefer a Diva Cup . And because it is better for the environment and cheaper -LRB- $ 30 or so for a ten-year supply of tampons anyone ? -RRB- I just wanted to spread the word !!! No one asked me to do this and I 'm not getting paid a penny ! I just love the product .
 I was really looking forward to this product after reading all the rave reviews about how life transforming it is especially for those with heavy periods . Everyone was saying how it does n't leak and you can leave it in for hours . Well I 'm here to tell you that was n't my experience . It started leaking after about 2-3 hours . And it is an absolute mess to remove . They are probably better than tampons but quite frankly that 's not saying much . It is very easy to insert and fit in place , but it 's definitely not as reliable as I would have hoped .
 I would n't recommend this product to anyone ! Instead was easy to insert but when it came time to take it out it , I had a very difficult time and it was very messy . The thought of emptying the fluid in the toilet was pretty disgusting ! I definitely prefer tampons over Instead . Tampons are much easier and less messy !
 If you have an IUD , do n't waste your money . The product description fails to mention that these are n't usable with an IUD .
 Instead cups were terrible for me ! Aside from being difficult to insert into the proper position , and messy to remove and dispose of , the stupid things leaked at completely random times . It might be okay for an hour , and then would shift and spill , terrible leakage . Sometimes it would be okay for 3-4 hours and then leak all over making a horrible mess . Truly not worth the cost , not worth any cost ! I would not use this product again if I was paid to , honestly . I have since purchased a Diva Cup and could n't be more thrilled . If you are looking for a menstrual cup that preforms , does n't leak and lowers the risk of TSS you must check out Diva . But please leave Instead on the shelf !
 I recently tried Instead after seeing a positive review for it in fashion magazine . I read the back of the box and saw the informational video on their website prior to use so I would know exactly how to insert and remove the softcup . However , I could never actually get the cup in the proper place!Instead is supposed to be inserted completely into the vagina with the end of the cup 's rim touching the back of the vagina and resting just under the cervix . The front of the cup 's rim is supposed to be pushed up gently behind the pubic bone so that it stay in place . However , I have small hands and short fingers and could only just BARELY push the rim and position it behind the pubic bone . Or so I thought . Perhaps my anatomy does n't hold the cup in place as securely as it 's supposed to -LRB- according to the video -RRB- , but throughout the day the cup would continually dislodge and would not catch everything it was supposed to . Instead only caught maybe 50 % of the blood , and I would spot the rest.I think this may be a really great product for someone else , but I think I 'll stick with regular tampons .
 I did n't like this product at all . When I tried to insert it , I could still feel it . It was very uncomfortable and I would not recommend this product to anyone I know . It was too difficult to tell whether or not it was inserted properly , and I always felt like it was going to come out .
 I used the cups several times for short amounts of time . The fit was semi-correct and as far as comfort , I could n't tell I was wearing it at all . Even though I wore the cup for only a short period of time there was some slight leaking . I recommend it if you 're looking to be '' `` intimate '' '' during a time you usually may not want to . I do n't recommend it for long term feminine protection .
 I tried insteads about two years ago . I like it . I 've now gained a lot of weight since then and putting the insteads in were a lot more than I remembered . It leaked though I would tuck it behind the cervix . Sometimes with my IBS and with a full bladder it would slip out of place . I just dried the Diva Cup on a whim . No leaks at all ! On top of that , you do n't need to buy the cup . You just wash it and reuse it . `` Ewww ! '' I know some of you are thinking . You are thinking , `` Why not just throw the away and stick with insteads ? That 's so unsanitary . I could get an infection . '' I thought all of that too ! I am a RN and I have n't had an infection from my cups . I clean it with the diva wash and boil my menstrual cup after every period . I tried the mooncup by keeper this month and I must say that I like it the best . It is easy to put in once you get the hang of it -LRB- try utube for instructions -RRB- . The menstrual cups stay in place . I do n't have a leak on my undergarments and I no longer have to worry about buying sheets to match my `` leaks . '' My period is very heavy . I would go though a super tampon and two pads in 2 hours . Now with the mooncup , I do n't have any leaks . No more emergency trips for changing because I feel wetness where I should n't . Taking the cup out is n't messy either . I just watched some utube videos on how to take it out and let me say , it 's way less messy than taking a tampon out . It 's even cleaner than the insteads . I would dread that time of month because I would always get something under my nails , but now I do n't .
 I was so hopeful about these . I wanted an alternative to tampons that was healthy and environmentally-friendly -LRB- and cheaper ! -RRB- So I was excited to try them . But it was n't at all what I was expecting . I do n't want to get into vivid details . But basically , I was not warned that this would be such a MESSY ordeal . Not to mention it 's not at all convenient . I do not want to leave it in for too long , because if I do , I know it 's not absorbing any fluid , so I worry about leakage , or the horrible mess that it will make all over my hands when I try to take it out . GROSS ! Also , the thing itself is absolutely huge . I imagine most people would look at it and be terrified to try to put it in their bodies . I believe there was a reason tampons became so much more popular than these methods . Sorry , but I 've got to switch back .
 The AAA traveler road assistance kit is a waste -- of space , money , and materials . Luckily I bought this for $ 8 in a clearance bin at my local sporting goods store . If I had bought it for $ 33 I would have been outraged . The emergency supplies are the worst quality imaginable , the flashlight is pathetically weak , even the bag it comes in is n't very good quality . The only reason this kit deserves even one star is because you ca n't buy this kind of `` storage '' bag and a pair of jumper cables for less than the $ 8 I paid . Save your money , and piece the kit together yourself .
 Way below expectation . `` 63 '' piece ad is a deceiving trick . Bad . They count a single band aid as a piece to make the whole package a 63-piece item . It is like an illusion . I felt cheated .
 45 piece first aid kit , so is there 40 bandaids and that counts as a piece , you got ta be kidding me . I may just cancel my AAA membership after this pos .
 Was a nice gift but would have been nice to have had a tire pump
 the rubber is very hard and not comfortable to sit on ... the nozzle where you blow air is very rigid and if you move around on the cushion you feel it ... I have another vinyl cushion which I like very much .
 This cushion was quite dissapointing , initially comfortable , it began to completely lose air after two days of use , four hours each time , because of a defective valve design . The one I got appeared much more sturdy than it actually was , decided to try it based on all the good reviews but it only held air for 8 hours before completely deflating thru the valve , tiny person sitting in tiny chair , so it seems more an issue of design than weight or stress on the cushion . Your experience may vary but i 'll be looking for a different type of cushion . money wasted .
 When I opened this the valve looked like it had been gnawed on by an old rat and then someone held it in place with scotch tape .
 ca n't be used . i have tried everywhere to find something to connect to the valve to blow this up . what a waste of money .
 I was having hip pain that radiated down my leg and thought this might help , but it did n't . I do n't know if it was too hard or what , but it just was n't comfortable .
 This is an example of `` you get what you paid for '' product . It is more like a rubber tire with a very offensive rubber odor . Left it outside to air out for a week and smell does not come out . Think twice before buying this product . Select one with better quality .
 I bought them so that I can use it for my long international travel in planes - the seats i am sure all of you know does not have much cushion . It works ok but the smell of rubber is so strong that i had to make s cloth cover still did not help , so i used to carry it inside a plastic bag and take it off when using . The other day i found a clear $ 5 same plastic cushion , no smell , cheaper , looks better from HEB pharmacy area . Now I am a happy camper and have carex ring cushion for anyone who needs them .
 The product could have been fine except for the fact that it arrived with a slow leak . So it 's basically useless .
 strong rubber odor . I would have loved this product if it was n't for its smell . I really tried . I even washed it with soap and everything . . but the smell wo n't go away . I ca n't stand surrounded by stench of car tire smell . Does it really make that much difference in manufacturing cost to have it made with just a slightly above the quality than the ones they used ? If it was n't for the smell , I 'd be buying them in bulk and place it everywhere I sit and also pass it along to friends as a gift !
 THEY GAVE A USED PRODUCT AND THERE 'S A HOLE IN IT !! I CA N'T EVEN PUMP AND THERE 'S DIRT EVERYWHERE IN THE PRODUCT !! I CA N'T BELIEVE THIS !!
 This would have been a good product , except it did n't come with a valve to hold the air in . Am hoping Carex will send me a replacement , or even just a valve would be nice , whatever is supposed to hold the air in , hehe , otherwise it looks like a sturdy product * shrugs *
 When I try to get it blown up by the time I get the valve stem in most of the air has escaped . Very disappointed in product .
 I found this cushion to be too small , and too firm . I did not find it comfortable to sit on and returned it back to Amazon as it was of no use to me . Those that prefer a lot of support might like this cushion .
 It does not keep air well , and it is not as simple as blowing up an inner tube , and I do n't know how having a bicycle pump or something like that would make it better . I have to re-inflate about twice a day , and I am not a large person .
 This is potentially a good solution for some , not me . After a couple of hours of use it became uncomfortable . There is a thick inner ring that becomes uncomfortable . It may be right for a smaller , lighter person . I am over 200 lbs .
 This product is flawed in the fact that there is an inability to retain air in the cushion during inflation . Somewhere along the line , somebody forgot to include a valve that restricts outward flow during inflation !
 The inflexibility of an air pillow vs a foam pillow actually created severe neck pain for me at my work station . This pillow is essentially unusable for me
 The cushion is only 15 inches across , and the opening is small . It 's child-sized ! The rubber smells just awful ! I never would have ordered it had I known it was so small . It 's torture to sit on it , even only partly inflated so that it 's not too firm .
 I just got this pillow to help my hemorrhoid pain . First , it does n't blow up all the way , and when you think you 've got it blown up , the air sucks back into your mouth . It does n't smell like the other reviewers said . Just smells like normal slight rubber smell if you hold it to your nose . It is not comfortable at all though . Do n't bother buying ... waste of money . Now I have to look for another one and since they are not returnable , I 'm crap out of luck . This is the second pillow I 've tried . The first was the contoured -LRB- hard -RRB- molded foam that felt like I was sitting on a hard chair and was really , really uncomfortable . So now I am looking for a plain , foam -LRB- maybe something memory -RRB- again . What a wast of money .
 I bought this thing thinking it would be comfortable to sit on as I sit 8 hours a day at work and would help prevent hemorrhoid issues and just be overall better for my back and `` rear-end ! '' However , it 's a small inner tube type design and the rubber is very hard and uncomfortable . It gives very little when you sit on it and because it 's so small I was n't even able to sit all the way back in my chair . Definitely not good and it can not be returned . I would recommend not wasting your money on this . There have to be more comfortable options out there !
 This ring appears to be durable and the shipping was fast . However , it has a very leaky valve which makes it worthless to me .
 This ring cushion is quite uncomfortable.It is too small and can not support my bottom , and IM ONLY 5 ' 4 '' , not a big guy whatsoeverThink twice before you buy . .
 A much better solution is a flanned backed tablecloth -LRB- about $ 2 -RRB- or a shower curtain liner . This mattress pad lasted less than a month - it ripped very easily . Waste of money .
 I bought three of these ; one for bedside , one at my home computer workstation , one for the car . The edges are not well finished ; The lid is a showpieced only . If this gets knocked over it WILL leak . I 'm looking for a better one and throwing these out .
 The lid does not stay closed as it will pop easily open if you can ever get it to close . DO NOT BUY !
 I just bought your male Urinal yesterday and while I used it last night I found that when empting it this morning it has hairline fracture 's in it witch is not good ... JTP ' 10
 If you take this with you on a long walk because you do n't want to pee in the woods , then what do you do with it when you 're done ? You 'd either take it home and dump it in your own toilet , or you 'd dump it behind a tree . Either way , its weird .
 I 've been using this product for over 5 years and even fed it to my kids as a sweetener/protein boost for their morning oatmeal . We all loved it until they changed the formula . The sweet , cakey , non protein like taste was changed to a smelly , grainy , bland mix . My kids wo n't eat it , and I ca n't even stand the smell . It tastes horrible . If you 're used to the old formula , you will not be happy with this product .
 I have been buying the Cookies & Cream flavor of this protein powder for the last year or so and was so thrilled that I finally found a protein powder that I enjoyed drinking , even mixed with just plain water -LRB- as I do it most of the time -RRB- . The C&C was the best flavor ever . Anyway , I tried the Vanilla Cake Batter flavor just to see , and found it to have an overwhelming `` coconut '' aroma and flavor that I do n't care for . I 'm very sad that Essential Naturals has apparently discontinued Cookies & Cream , it 's a very sad day ...
 I have been eating this Iron-Tek protein for over a year now and loved it , however recently they have changed the formula to a `` new and improved taste '' ... it 's horrible . It is not as sweet , and it tastes `` protein-y '' which is why I used to like about this brand because it did n't . If you are a long-time lover of this brand , the `` new and improved taste '' is not what you used to eat .
 Item arrived OK . The bag in which the solution goes is a very flimsy material . On its very first use the neck of the bag separated from the bag . I can still put water in it but given the weight of the bag when full , I would have thought that the manufacturer would have use a heavier weight plastic . However , since it was only about 12 dollars I guess you get what you pay for . I can only give this a two rating .
 garbage . worthless . total waste of $ , time and effort . avoid this seller . scoudrel , cheater , liar . this item is not strong enough to do its job . it 's designed to hold water which is very difficult when the sides collapse . a total waste , worthless . hope the seller is ashamed of being a dirty rotten no good scoundrel , cheater and liar .
 Motrin is Ibuprofein and works well to relieve pain and swelling . I have no problems with the drug 's efficacy.This particular box contains 50 packets of 2 pills of Motrin for a total of 400 mg , which is the standard dosage.Unfortunately , the packet could not be any more difficult to open . The packet is inexplicably designed to be opened with a scissor and has no tear-through point as one would normally expect . Moreover , the packet is made of a tough and resilient plastic-material that is very hard to tear through . After trying in vein to open the tiny packet with my hands , I resorted to using my teeth which caused my gums some minor trauma . If you have no scissor or knife handy , then be ready to use your teeth to open the packet , and opening the tough packet with your teeth will test the strength of your gums.Why would anyone design a drug packet without a tear-through and allow the packet to be opened only with a tool?I do not recommend this product for travels . I certainly do not recommend this product for those without a scissor or a knife.Convenient this packet certainly is not .
 I have been using a Norelco `` 9160XL SmartTouch-XL '' since December 2005 . It gave a wonderful & adjustable shave . One of the three plastic drive connection to one of the heads recently broke off . Fixable , but impossible to have repaired . So I purchased -LRB- and returned -RRB- a new Model 8140 . Shave results -LRB- I use a powder stick base -RRB- are noticably inferior as is the feel of the razor . Construction is noticably `` cheaper '' . No head shaving adjustments available . I have been using Norelco electric shavers for over 40 years . This model is a great dissapointment . It appears that they are determined to push me into trying a model 1050X ! Time for a Braun ?
 I bought this razor at Target because it looked like the latest model . The instructions say to give it 3 weeks to expect the best shave because your skin has to get used to it . after 2 weeks I wouldnt even look at it . The shave is poor , after shaving I had a 5 ` oclock shadow ! The blade was iritating as well . Nowhere near a close shave . I ca n't wait to send it back .
 I have owned 6 Norelco shavers over the years . I bought this one on a business trip when my previous 5810xl would not hold a charge . This shaver is super quiet . Why ? Because it runs so slow ! It takes twice as long to shave as any other Norelco triple head shaver of the past.The shave is not as good either . It does n't shave as close as the old ` lift and cut ' blades.The HQ9 heads have an extra row of teeth , but do little to make up for how slow they spin.I appreciate the relatively good battery life , but that hardly makes up for the 8150xl 's main flaw - that it ca n't shave ! The other aggravating feature is the body of the shaver . Its too rounded . It has no flat sides and has a tendency to roll off my shelf in my bathroom cabinet . It forces one to use the stand - so you better have vertical storage space . The body is also bigger than it needs to be . Norelco ! I 'm not holding the shaver all day . It does n't have to match my hand perfectly . I want a shaver that shaves well , has a flat side , and packs into a dop kit without taking up the whole space ! This one does n't ! Hire back the old engineers !
 The shaver is great , the HQ-8 and HQ-9 heads are worth every penny . The problem is Norelco 's switch to Li-Ion batteries for their top end shavers . These batteries have two problems . First , they only last 2-3 years from the date of manufacturer and Norelco shavers do not work with a cord after the battery fails . Second , when they drop to around 50 % charge level , the speed of the motor drops and the quality of the shave really goes down.I love Norelco shavers ; I have used them for 40 years . It is a shame that battery technology still has problems .
 risk of suffocation on infants & babies , the bell 's small ball was in our child 's mouth!almost got suffocated!DO NO BUY IT !
 It worked OK at the beginning . The build was not great but it seemed to be able to last for a while . Then something totally unexpected happened - the chain hanging the center piece broke , so the bell does n't work any more . This happened within 2 hours after I opened the box -LRB- I did n't abuse it and did anything unusual to it -RRB- .
 The very 1st thing I noticed about this product was how nasty it tasted ! I 've tried stevia by numerous manufacturers -LRB- PLUS , I read the excellent reviews ! -RRB- and this is hands-down the worst!When I finally read the actual ingredients -LRB- I had assumed it was stevia -RRB- and discovered that the very 1st ingredient was n't stevia . . but RICE MALTODENTRIN , I was shocked AND angry ! I have a liver disorder and can not pump crap like maltodextrin into my liver ! Hence , the use of stevia , an all natural product . BEWARE IF YOU HAVE DIABETES and think this is a safe sugar substitute . It 's NOT ! Below is a quote from a website -LRB- the link follows -RRB- ... and there are plenty of others with warnings for maltodextrin for those who are looking for an safe sugar substitute.PLUS ... I do n't care what anyone says . If you think this is the best stevia product ever -LRB- and many actually do ! -RRB- then you have n't tried the right stevia manufacturer . NOW is n't one of them.I ordered this shoe in the correct size but they were huge . i am returning them & hoping that the smaller size will work . they match the dress perfect & are adorable ... `` It 's the combination that may cause spikes in insulin because maltodextrin is a carbohydrate with a high glycemic index , similar to table sugar and should be used in moderation if you have diabetes or hypoglycemia . You must consider the carbohydrate content of products sweetened with added maltodextrin to maintain healthy blood sugar levels . `` Read more :[ ... -RSB-
 I usually love NOW products use them for supplements all the time . I was disappointed with the stevia packets . The after taste was terrible -- tasted bitter instead of sweet . I 've been using stevia packets for years and never had a brand that tasted so horrible . I looked at the label and found that it had rice maltodextrin in it . So , I 'm assuming that 's the cause for the after taste . Read your labels before bying . Maltodextrin is n't the healthiest thing to put in your body either and chances are if you 're using a stevia product , you 're trying to stay away from white sugar and artificial sweeteners . So , buyer beware .
 I 've loved using NuStevia for 5 years.I tried using this stevia instead . It 's wo n't dissolve in HOT coffe.It takes 9 packets of this brand instead of 2 packets of other brands.Customer service refuses to pay for me to ship this back to them.Do not waste your money on this diluted , non-disolving stevia . It 's cheaper to buy a more concentrated brand that will disolve in coffee .
 I 'm usually impressed with this brand 's stevia products , but not with these individually packed ones . These do n't taste sweet in the slightest ; tastes more like paper ! Also , the ones I got were packed in a white wrapper , not blue like the picture shows .
 It does n't melt in liquid , I have to use more to get the sweetness I like , DO NOT like Rice Maltodextrin in my Stevia and last but not least , each packet has 1 carb ! I am returning my order to Amazon . I have been using Stevia for approximately 3 years and have tried different brands .
 and then got a refund saying the company does not carry this item any longer ... what a disappointment ... take this listing off ...
 This is the product of a very creative advertising agency and the desire of people like me -LRB- and you -RRB- to get help on their own without a doctors RX . It was a total waste of money , time and at $ 24/month , pretty expensive . It did not work at all , it was the longest month of my life and I really wanted these to work . Instead of wasting your time and money on these RobinEgg-sized pills , just go to your doctor and tell him to give you a RX for diclofenac 75 's . You can get a prescription for a 3 months supply @ 2x/day -LRB- 180 pills -RRB- at Wal-Mart for about $ 15 and NOT waste time being in pain trying out this garbage . My knuckles are now almost back to normal now by going back to the diclofenac 75 's and NOT using this product plus I can use the stairs again without the dog running for cover .
 Do n't recall buying it ? Perhaps my memory is faulty , but I must have used it up and forgotten about it
 I have severe osteoarthritis and degenerative disc disease and was looking for a product that would offer daily relief from my pain - and this one is not it . The pills are huge , with the manufacture not offering all ingredients found in their formula or proper dosage requirements -LRB- this should have been an indicator when I purchased the product -RRB- . I found an independent research group that did a study -LRB- and article -RRB- on this product , and they found that those that want to ` prevent ' joint damage , and not that desire pain relief , should take this product . I 've just ordered ` Flexcin ' , as it is intended for those that currently suffer from the pain of arthritis , has wonderful clinical reviews and is moderately priced . I plan to review this product after a month of use .
 I never had much luck with glucosamine/chondriton . Then I read that the one blocks absorbtion of the other . Ha , great ... Anyway , so I am taking this stuff now . Ca n't hurt , right?I have been taking it for about 2 weeks now and , so far , I have not beentempted in the slightest to give up my Celebrex for some slight pain relief.I have osteoarthritis in all fingers and both thumbs . It is a literal pain at work and affects most everything I try to do . I am a runner and not overweight and I do n't eat sweets . It 's just genetic , my grandmother had arthritis of both hands also.I will continue to take the Trigosamine for a few months and give it a chance.But as far as the `` fast acting '' premise on the bottle ... uh , nope . Not for me.Update
 I bought Trigosomine after reading an article in the newspaper . I have a daughter with Spina Bifida that has a lot of pain . Also a Mother with arthritis . From what I can see it does not work like the miracle drug that was advertised .
 The manufacturers boast of their clinical study that showed this to be effective . In checking this study out , I found that there was no study published , except for an ` abstract ' published -LRB- FASEB J 2004 -RRB- and they only tested hyuluronan after 1 single dose , and not with glucosamine and chondroitin . The study was on rats and dogs , not humans . Makes one wonder about the real science behind all this product hype . I fear their advertising is very misleading .
 Did n't get the results advertised . Just did n't work for me . I was hoping for more mobility after a month - it did n't happen
 Trigosamine Jointcare Supplement , Maximum Strength Caplets , 90-Count BottleSent to my mother in November - never received . I find it impossible to determine how to write Amazon Customer Service for assistance .
 Not sure how long you have to take is product to see some results . I 've been taking it for a month now and see no improvement in my knee . It may be working to some extent but not enough to help relief the pain . I will not waste my money on any further bottles .
 Unfortunately I had to give this 1 star for 3 weeks of use with one sign of feeling . Intense pain in my injured area . Doc says this is because it is working . I will adjust review in a few weeks if warranted .
 iT IS TOO EARLY TO TELL IF THE IDENTIFIED SUPPLEMENT WILL HELP DIMINISH JOINT PAIN AND/OR ARTHRITIS IN FINGERS .
 I ordered this product through Amazon mainly because I was told it is a good product and Amazon is my major source for online ordering . Anyway , I ordered it and it came within a few days which is Amazon 's M.O. Anyway , the product is ok nothing like I thought it would be . I do have cartalige issues and take gloucosamine for my joints so , I know about various products on the market . This one is good but there are better ones out there . You have to take 3 or these at a time but the good thing is that they are capsules not big horse pills . I have not ordered them since I ran out . Good product overall . YMMV.NEOSOUL06 .
 The product ingredients for this product are fairly common and several have been known to help . This particular combination is not that effective and pricey for what you get.However the REAL reason not to order from this company is their HORRIBLE customer service . They would not refund the money , the rep was very difficult to deal with and if you have an issue there is no way they will let you speak to a supervisor to try to resolve it.There is NO reason to support a company like this . I am very versed in products of this kind . Give your money to companies with more integrity who care about their customers.If you have n't tried them , I recommend The ARthri Zen cream or pills . Better products and a company that understands what customer service is .
 The first time I needed to use an item from this kit it let me down . I had a slow leak in a tire , and discovered it while hundreds of miles from home . This kit has an air compressor -- no problem right ? Well the part that clamps on to the valve stem broke off in my hand before I even had the compressor out of my trunk . I 've since replaced many of the components of this kit with separately purchased items . I 'd have been better off just using the description of the kit as a packing list to build my own .
 What a piece of JUNK!I got this last year , and checked everything out when it arrived , averting thing seemed okay , and I assumed that it would be in working order . Boy was I wrong.Last week we had a terrible rain storm and I got a flat tire , so I tried to use the air pump to fill up my tire so I could get to a service station . What a waste of money . As soon as I plug it into my cigarette lighter not only did it not work , but it burned my cigarette lighter out!So in summationa -RRB- I was stranded alone at night on the side of the road in a torrential down pourb -RRB- Could not get to a service station to get my tire fixedc -RRB- Had to call for road side assistanced -RRB- It broke my care -RRB- It would cost me even more money to return it than the cost of the item ; not to mention the cost of the road side assistance , and to repair my cigarette lighter , and the cost of a new air pump to replace the `` new '' air pump that I purchased.In my book this deserves 0 stars ... minus one for each of the above.I purchased this thinking that it would provide me with some security and saftey on the road , and it seems to have done the completed opposite of what I purchased this for .
 I would recommend caution before relying on the booster cable included with this kit . An 8 gauge/10 foot cable is adequate for a small car , but it is apt to be too thin and too short for a larger car or truck . A large engine is apt to draw more current than the -LRB- relatively -RRB- thin 8 gauge wire in this kit 's cable can safely handle . For this reason , the ` standard ' gauge for jumper cables is 6 . -LRB- A smaller gauge number translates to thicker wire . Thicker wire can transmit more energy . -RRB- My wife recently tried to jump start our pickup using an 8 gauge booster cable . The attempt melted the cable . -LRB- Before you condemn me for not following my own advice , she decided not to use the pickup truck 's cables because they were stored underneath a load of luggage . Instead , she borrowed cables from her sister , who was providing the `` donor car '' . -RRB- Also , unless there is plenty of room in front of or along side of the vehicle that needs to be jumped , 10 ' of cable length may be insufficient to connect the battery of the donor car and the battery of the disabled car . For example , my car has it 's batter on the driver 's side of the engine compartment and my pickup has its battery on the passenger side . If both vehicles were facing the same direction and parked next to each other with the car on the driver 's side of the pickup , the two batteries would be more than 10 ' apart . The easy solution , of course , would be to park the vehicles facing each other or to park the car on the other side of the pickup . Then , a 10 ' cable would reach . The problem with this easy solution , of course , is that an obstacle -LRB- such as a telephone pole , another car , or a fence -RRB- may prevent the donor car from being parked where you 'd otherwise want it to be.For these reasons , unless you have a small car with a battery that 's unusually easy to reach from all directions , I 'd recommend carrying booster cables that are at least 6 gauge and 16 ' in length .
 Vitality was the 3rd stage of a 3 month program for me . Almost immediately I noticed I was off-balance , dizzy , nauseated , flushy feeling on my skin , extremely tired , headache and heart palpitations . Thinking my symptoms were not related I continued and ended up in ER with chest pains . My blood pressure was 132 over 80 , normally 120 over 80 . I felt like I was going to have a heart attack . When I researched the side effects of each of the herbs in Vitality I found 3 different ingredients that had contributed to my symptoms . As soon as I stopped taking the pills my symptoms went away .
 Too many herbs can contribute to neurological health issues . Having never had any previous health issues and wanting to lose about 40 lbs , I took this detox for 11/2 months . During the 2nd montn is when I begin to suffer issues like pins & needles & tingling in feet and legs . Followed by numbness in my thighs & dizziness & lose of leg control suddenly . I had an MRI where they found lesions on my brain and spinal column , had a spinal tab & results ending in a multiple sclerosis diagnosis . After a through health history and doctor reveiw of this product ingrediants contribited to my neurological issues ... . I will be suing Elemis
 I need cane tips but how can I order them if you do n't care enough to tell us the size ? Is it 1 '' or 3/4 '' or 5/8 '' ? Many of the other cane tips are the same . So I 'd be a fool to order them .
 I ordered these because I had been reading how ingesting Kava root could produce stress relieving results . The directions say to take one capsule . If you take one capsule , you will probably not notice a damn thing . If you take four to eight of them , you feel something , but I would not call it a `` stress relieving feeling . '' It is more of an irritating feeling if anything ; it produces a kind of light-headed/headache-y feeling . In my experience with this product , I would say that it does not produce the intended results . But the same can be said for many herbs . Hell , sometimes even a strong cup of coffee wo n't wake you up in the morning . Point being , results are going to vary from individual to individual , but if you are really interested in this stuff , I would do a Google search for the website for the company that is based in Hawaii that also makes this stuff . They claim to produce Kava with a much higher percentage of Kavalactones .
 I think some of the non-Kava ingredients act as a stimulant so it does not aid in sleep as I was hoping . NOW has always been a solid brand so I dont blame the quality of the capsules as much as the ingredients which are listed .
 the same person reviewed this product multiple times with a 5 star opinion . If you remove 3 of those reviews , then you have a more accurate view of this product .
 I have mixed feelings about this product . On the one hand , the item description fails to mention that it contains Eluthero - a Chinese herb that used to be marketed as `` Siberian ginseng . '' Eluthero is supposed to be an `` adaptogen '' - an herb that helps the body deal with stress . This may or may not be true , but it is also a stimulant.After taking this product for five days , I found myself having trouble sleeping . Twelve hours after taking ONE of these , I would be laying in bed with my heart racing for no reason . It is possible that the omission of this from the item description was merely and oversight - but also possibly an outright deception.My mixed feelings come from the fact that Kava has a sedative quality , and after taking it for several days I become lethargic . I suppose that is the whole point of combining it with Eluthero . This is actually a good idea , but aside from failing to tell me that this is what I was buying , the balance seems to be off . The kava is so weak , and the Eluthero is so strong that I found myself MORE anxious and stressed . If the ratio were re-worked , this might be a good product . In it 's current form , I ca n't recommend it.Finally , we come to the brand itself , NOW . A friend of mine who has worked at Whole Foods for years told me that NOW has been busted for putting fillers in their capsules , essentially falsely selling placebos as herbs . I do n't know how true this is , or whether it was one bad employee or some kind of regular practice . I do know that the Eluthero in this product works . On the other hand , I would not be surprised if it contained no kava at all.If you are looking for an alternative to caffeine without the `` come down '' this is a good product . If you are looking to relax and de-stress , look elsewhere , as you have come to the wrong place .
 Not only does this product lack the Kava kick that I know and love , but it also contains other herbs that are STIMULANTS . What a waste of money . Who packs stimulants in a stress relieving sedative ? And who goes and makes multiple 5 star reviews to inflate the reputation of the product ? No thanks . I 'll buy another brand from now on .
 I thought the Kava Kava Extract was okay -- until I tried Valerian.Nature 's Way Valerian , 90 Capsulesis significantly more effective for me in managing my stress . I know everyone reacts differently to different products , but I recommend the Valerian over the Kava because it really works for me . In comparison , the Kava really does n't measure up .
 I bought this in the store while I was waiting for another bottle of chelated magnesium to ship from Amazon . This one says it is `` buffered '' which I 've read means that they use some amount of magnesium oxide . That translated to the same stomach/intestinal problems I have w / regular mag oxide . It may absorb better but I ca n't take very much of it . Wo n't be buying it again .
 I tested this product at a local health food store . After sampling about 12 other vitamin C serums , I found this to be light on the skin and easily absorbed . The product was clear and felt nice on my skin . HOWEVER , when I received this product it was obviously out-dated and old , as it was dark in color , thick and sticky ! Completely unusable and ineffective.I tried to return the product , but this seller claims that they only sell it -LRB- but argues they get it directly from the maker -RRB- . The seller has neither corrected the situation nor returned my money ! They can not rightly claim that they can sell defective products with no accountability . BUYER BEWARE ! If I could give them ZERO stars , I would . I 've always thought Jason to be a reputable company , but now I 'm not so sure .
 May state that it 's hypoallergenic but it still contains a perfume that caused rashes on our infant . Confirmed with pediatrician that it was a skin rash and not baby acme . We switched to Cetaphil RestoraDerm body wash and the rashes quickly went away . Would not recommend for any sensitive skin infant .
 I was under the impression this was an all natural water-based lubricant with no glycerin as stated on an external site other than Amazon . Sadly I was mistaken . There is glycerin and other not so vaginal friendly ingredients .
 After paying extra for the `` extra absorbency '' pads from Harmonie , we were dismayed to receive pads with minimal internal material that was lumpy with inconsistent coverage . Other pads we have purchased were thick enough to even be quilted ; these have barely enough to keep the urine from one cat on the pad . No way it would be adequate for an adult human .
 I bought this with some other oils and this was the only one that came leaking . I also did n't realize how strong the smell is from Tea Tree oil so the leaking made my house smell like Tea Tree oil for days and its not my favorite scent.Other than that , the actual oil seems okay but I dont think I will buy tea tree oil from Now Foods again . Their Almond Oil was great though ...
 Normally I do n't have a problem with Tea Tree Oil ... but this stuff was beyond smelly ! It was so bad , my husband could smell it 3 rooms away and all I did was open the bottle!This one has hit the trash , I 'm sorry to say .
 I purchased this tea tree oil from Amazon , and in tiny print on the bottle , it says for aromatherapy only , and if you want to use it on your skin , you need to dilute it with almond oil . Thanks a lot , I just bought 2 bottles for use on my toenail . The Mason Natural 2 oz tea tree oil says that it is pharmaceutical grade , and it was a superior product . We live and learn .
 I honestly have n't found any use for this . I tried using it for acne , but it makes my face REALLY dry not matter how much -LRB- or little -RRB- I use . Even after my moisturizer . I tried using it to repel fleas , no such luck.The best thing I 've found about this is the smell . I love it . It is very strong smelling , though . Fortunately , I only bought the 1 oz bottle . But If I find an actual use for it , I 'll post it . But as for now , I would not buy again .
 I did n't do my homework ... did n't shop around , just searched Amazon , found it and bought it.However , yesterday when I was grocery shopping in my local supermarket - ShopRite , I stopped at the skin care aisle , and found 100 % pure tea tree oil ... 2 oz sells for 2 dollars and some change . As opposed to here , 4 oz sells for 17 dollars and some change ... . WOW the price for the tea tree oil here at Amazon is 4 times as much as the one you can find in your local supermarket ... :-LRB- -LRB- I wish I looked in my supermarket first.So folks , you have to look in your supermarket first and compare . It 's almost true with everything.But anyway , tea tree oil 's healing agent is great . I have super nice and smooth skin , never acne , rarely have any pimples . Recently one day my skin felt dry at night after I already put on my facial moisturizer , so I put a thick body butter under my nose and chin area . Big mistake - the next day I woke up with a giant pimple near my lips . Body butter is not meant for face , from now on I will remember that . It clogs your pores.When I received the tea tree oil , the pimple was already healing , but not gone yet , so I put a little bit of the oil on my pimple via a q-tip . Almost instantly , the pimple is flattened , not as raised . I will do the same tonight .
 The product was not as described . Not for topical use . Poor quality active ingredient . Do not recommend this product . Better off to go to cvs
 Bottle cap shattered upon removing the plastic seal along the cap . Also box was damaged upon arrival . Oil smelled very very potent , anyone a few meters would be able to smell it off me . Now hesitant to buy fluids online .
 I bought the tea tree oil for my piercing . for one it took about three weeks to get it and i understand i live overseas but when i order stuff from amazon i get it no later than a week . Once i got the prouct i was excited bc for the price i got a pretty nice amount , but once i opened it , it had this funny smell to it you can smell the tea tree oil but i was like they mixed something else in with it . Now i buy tea tree oil alot but i decieded to go with something else that was cheaper . . WRONG . I will not be buy from them agian .
 This is not actual tea tree oil . Disappointing because I thought this was a brand I could trust . It seems like a waaaaaaaay less strong version of actual tea tree oil . I use it to treat infections and the brand I usually buy -LRB- Trader Joe 's -RRB- works within hours and STINGS . LIKE . HELL . The Now brand however , did n't sting at all , and in fact I could barely smell it -LRB- and anyone who knows how strong tea tree oil smells , knows that it would be hard to ignore ! -RRB- Anyway . I thought I 'd write a review in case anyone else is using it for something medical ... I luckily had a new bottle of Trader Joe 's too otherwise I 'm sure I would have needed antibiotics .
 I bought this product after reading about its supposed help with toenail fungus . That appears to be someone 's pipe dream . I shoulda known .
 After ordering and after the seller charged my credit card , they contacted me to request a different shipping address . When I provided it , they replied that they could only ship to the address supplied by amazon.com . They also informed me that if they shipped to the address supplied by amazon.com that I would not be given a refund or a replacement if the order did not arrive . They at one point suggested I cancel my order with amazon.com and place it directly with them . They also stated that I had to order with one address that they could ship to using either USPS or UPS or they were going to charge me a higher shipping price . I ordered a number of things on the same day , also with one click ordering , and did not have any sort of problems with the other orders . I can order a different brand of the same product , also through amazon , for a few dollars less and for a slightly lower shipping price . That product is well rated by a reviewer , so that is what I am going to do . I suggest you do the same .
 In the lower portion of the product description it includes a warning that this product is not recommended for use on skin but only for aromatherapy . Should not be listed in health and beauty if it should n't be used on skin . There are a few other brands on amazon that clearly say safe to be used on skin .
 I 've used NOW Food products before and really liked them ; however this tea tree oil seems a bit off . Other tea tree oils I have used almost burn my skin if applied directly to it . This one does n't . It does n't say it is diluated with other oils but I think it has to be . I use it on my face to prevent breakouts and I find it does n't work as well as other brands I have used . Next time I will spend the extra money and get another brand .
 The first time I used tea tree oil , I got the expensive kind , to make sure I was getting the right stuff . This time I decided to save money and get the cheaper TTO -- not a good idea . It smelled horrible . I know TTO does n't smell like roses , but this was worse than most . Also , it felt different on my skin . I ended up throwing it away , only to buy the more expensive kind . Take my advice -- this TTO is cheaper for a reason !
 This product was very hard to mix , especially without a shaker . Cold water caused serious product lumping and it was hard to dissolve . When mixed with water as per instructions , the taste was very bland , with little chocolate flavor even though the packaging advertises '' `` New Great Taste '' '' and '' `` creamy soda fountain shakes '' '' . Not quite . Needs improvement in that area . Right now , I would n't recommend it .
 It 's a shame that all the nutritional benefits of this bar went to waste on me because I could n't even stomach the darn thing . It 's literally just a block of chewy mush with the sharpness of dark chocolate . There were even some random chunks of who knows what stuck in there . I 've tried the creamy citrus flavor as well , and that I could at least get down .
 I received a free sample power bar through the Vine Program and looked forward to trying it ; when it arrived I was babysitting two preteens , so we each had a portion and all of us agreed -- yuk ! I 'm giving this item 2 stars because the flavor was fine ; though one child said it tasted `` like vitamins '' , I think he meant the good fruit-tasting vitamins . The problem with this bar is the texture -- it is VERY gummy , and even stretched a bit when we cut it into portions . As one chews , it becomes rubbery ; in the interest of this review I had to force myself to finish my one-third portion because it was so unpleasant . If you 're prepared for the texture you may enjoy the fine flavor , but otherwise I 'd suggest you steer clear of this energy bar .
 I 've eaten chocolate powerbars for years . A few months ago I noticed a significant flavor change . Lots with expiration date prior to Sep 2009 still taste great . The new flavor tastes like I 'm eating chemicals . I have no idea why they would change such a classic flavor , but they did ...
 This item was part of a multi item order . Would have been nice to know upon ordering , rather than when the order was received , that the item is on back order .
 Disappointed . Did not expect to receive expired product from Amazon . PowerBar food product arrived with product expiraton date four -LRB- 4 -RRB- months expired . Am returning product to Amazon . As usual , with Prime , shipping was fast and returns are easy -LRB- but irritating -RRB- . From now on I 'll consider non-food items only . PowerBar product is good , when fresh .
 Be careful -- my order of 12 Power Bars arrived today , March 15,2012 , with a `` Best By 10 Mar 12 '' on the box.Update
 Good try , but these taste too much like over-sweet chemical mush bars that leave an semi-acrid aftertaste . The Chocolates are the best , hands down . This one tastes like sweetener that resembles oatmeal was added . Very fake . They are edible , but they are overpoweringly chemical .
 I like Original Power Bars -LRB- although none of my friends do -RRB- . I also like caramel . I was very disappointed with this flavor however and will not get it again . Personally I prefer
 Stuff is very difficult to eat , its like chewing gum , except it sticks to everything inside your mouth and eating one makes you very thirsty . I must say I was disappointed when I received them . Ive had 4 or 5 , and the rest , well they 're sitting somewhere in my closet , for good .
 These bars were tasty but they were also ` sticky ' . It was sometimes difficult to get the wrapper off , and when I could get it off they would stick to my fingers
 The power bars were poorly packaged and were mashed into permanently squashed shapes . I was very dissatisfied . I would not recomend anyone making the same mistake
 I looked for these everywhere because they are my favorite powerbar and they only carry them online not instores anymore , I think they changed the formula or something because they are definatly not how i remmeber them.TThey are worse , i lied them before , now I dont eat powerbars anymore because they taste like rubber .
 When I spoke to the Carnival Rep he told me that it would greatly help with the water retention which was a major issue for me . He told me to watch what I ate the first month , but I would lose a lot of water weight and then go down from there . I am fairly active , not exercising regularly but chasing after kids , walking where I need to go and things like that . I told him this and he said that was fine , but in month 2 I would need to get regular . Sur no problem . What did I get the first month ? Nothing . No change whatsoever . Going into month two now so let 's see wha tthe Silhouette has in store with regular exercise . I told him that I did n't have the money to waste and needed confirmation that this would work . And he said if I had ANY issues to email him . Guess what ? three emails with basic questions and not one answer . I would not recommend this product to anyone until they researched it more . Yes the people who love this program and works for them . Why ? Because they are exercising , eating healthy . Which is what I know I need to do and will be doing . I did n't expect it to be a MAGIC pill , but for the water weight I thought it would reduce it at least by a pound or two , but not an inch has happened in the month .
 I have taken this product for a month now and have noticed no difference . I do not have any more energy nor have I lost any weight like the product claims . I do not feel it has detoxified my body and see no improvements .
 Two months into a 3-month herbal detox which included Elemis Deep Drainage , Cal-Metab Plus , Vitality , and Silhoutte , I started feeling nauseated , headaches , off-balance , dizzy , insomnia , night sweats , fatigue , increased heart palpitations , hot spots on my skin , confused , memory loss , high blood pressure which is not norm for me . Looked up ingredients one by one and found that 3 different ingredients had the side-effects I was experiencing so I stopped taking the supplement.Docs are testing kidneys , pancreas , liver and gallbladder and feel my body was stressed by the detox which may take up to 3 months to get back to norm.I had no weight loss even with exercise and diet plan in place .
 This product was a complete waste of money , It does nothing to help you loose weight of speed up your system . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IT A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY
 I started the 3 month detox and thought I was doing it wrong . . it comes with out any instructions . . I had ZERO results . I thought at least the `` cleasning portion '' would provide a cleansing . The person on NCL who sold it to me said I would have a deep cleasning of toxins and not to be surprised at how much I `` detoxed '' and also how much weight I would lose and how great I would feel . I have looked up every single ingredients on the internet and while they are all strong herbal ingredients used , the amount they use must be too low to make any difference . The more I found blogs and other sites like this . . the more I wish I would never have tried them ... . Metamucil works better for a cleanse -LRB- same key ingredient -RRB- and the amount of nutrients they list are also found in a good multi vitamin . 3 months -- 300 dollars . . nothing !
 They sell this on Cruise Line Ships at much larger prices . Carnival is where it purchased mine . It does nothing ... . everything has to be done as a WITH or you get no results . Do n't expect miracles , nothing is a miracle when it comes to body fat and contouring .
 This product advertised results are bogus . It did nothing for me . I wish I could get my money back . Do n't waste your money on these products promoted on the cruise ships . They must pay the cruise ships well to lie the way they do .
 I almost bought this aboard a cruise line but had enough common sense not to get the entire line for a year and a half . However , when I got home I decided to buy one bottle of the Elemis Deep Drainage . What a joke on me ! I wish someone had told me about the product and how it is pushed on every cruise line ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I bought this product on a Princess Cruise . My only excuse is that the fitness instructor selling it had a really good rap -- about $ 600 worth . Much of what he said I knew to be true . He is , in my opinion , a very good snake oil charmer . I just have to laugh now because once you buy it , you 're out $ 600.00 . There is no magic bullet for health and wellness . Eat mostly vegetables , get adequate protein , exercise and lots of water . Do n't drink a lot of alcohol . You 'll be just as fine.I gave it one star because there may be some benefit in the product . Who the hell knows ? You would n't know without a longitudinal study with a control group with specific controls and objectives . That will never happen.My advice
 I bought this product aboard the Carnival Cruise line and it was horrible . They said it would cause you get rid of toxins and lose excess water weight . It did anything but . It caused a lot of nausea , constipation , bellyaches , headaches , diarrhea , griping , indigestion and skin breakouts . I had to discontinue taking the product . My girlfriend also bought this product and she threw up on the first day . Right now we are trying to get our money back . We wasted $ 616 for 2x3 month supply . I would not recommend this product . Does anyone know how to get reimbursed ?
 Very unhappy with this purchase.Item shipped is completely different in appearance and quality.Item was also broken with ill fitting parts.This is definitely a &#34; bait and switch &#34; scenario.The shipped item was a standard cheap chrome table that others sell for 1/4 the price .
 FIRST OF ALL THERE IS NO PROPER GUIDELINES FROM THE SELLER.ITS NOT EFFECTIVE AT ALL INSTEAD OF TAKING SO MUCH EFFORTS I HAVE NOT LOST EVEN 1 KG YETITS VERY EXPENSIVE IT COST ME MORE THEN USD110 .
 suction did not last long enough to remove anything - maybe i need to try popping ? nosefrieda ended up as my choice .
 I tried to pretend this thing worked so my wife would n't thing I 'm an idiot but the truth is , it does n't . First , the bulb sticks inverted if you push it all the way in , you have to push in 3/4 of the way or unscrew it to push the bulb back through the other side . Second , the suction only works if you 've got the perfect angle and a complete seal - both of which are incredibly difficult to achieve with a screaming , squirming 6 month old . Ultimately we find ourselves using the hospital aspirator and a q-tip to do a proper job . The good news - my 3 year old thinks it 's a really fun `` toy '' so it 's his now .
 This product did not really work all that well - maybe I was using it wrong , but I still get the best results from the hospital style aspirator .
 I tried to use it but it did n't work well , the thing you put in the nose is too large , and the succion does n't last long enough to do a good job .
 I got this product on recommendation of my gynecologist , as a back-up method . She also showed me how to use it . I used the sponge properly and not only did it get stuck , but after following all the directions in the information sheet about how to remove it , it ripped apart as I was trying to get it out . My boyfriend had no luck either , and the entire ordeal was awful for both of us . I ended up going to an emergency clinic -LRB- because we were out of the country -RRB- to have it removed . When it came out it was torn in several places . The gynocologist who removed it for me -LRB- with some difficulty -RRB- said she 's seen them get stuck before but never tear . I then developed an infection because not all of the pieces came out . One came out over a 2 weeks later when I got my period.I had wished this would be a great back-up method or primary method some day but I 'll never try it again .
 I used the sponge back when it first hit the market and loved it . Needless to say , I was ECSTATIC when it came back on the market and i 'm a quite ticked that it 's scarce again -LRB- and , yes , i 've been running around like elaine in seinfeld , hoarding whatever i can find at the regular price on the shelves ... which are now , SADLY , empty -RRB- . Here 's my rant ... I find it VERY odd that the company who made the deal to take over from allendale pharmaceuticals retooled the packaging to appeal to a younger market but has recently filed for reorganization under Chapter 11 . And NOW , when we 're sent to links to buy the sponges online in the US , we 're asked to pay varying exhorbitant prices including $ 130 for a box of 12 that used to cost $ 35 !!!!????? -LRB- Price of three online - $ 43 / on the shelf - $ 10 ; Price of 6 online - $ 75 / on the shelf $ 16 -RRB- Like the rising cost of gas , THIS ALSO `` SMELLS '' ... . AND ... can you say ... . SCALPING ? Something just does n't seem kosher .
 It seemed like a good backup plan . However , my experience with it was n't a good one .1 . -RRB- I went to the store and bought this product , only to return home and notice that I had less than a month , until it expired . So , check the date , before you buy it . I know that was the store 's fault , but it was part of the whole , unpleasant experience .2 . -RRB- When it was inserted , I started getting some slight cramps .3 . -RRB- When it was time to pull the thing out , it was flipped around , the wrong way . With how slippery it was , reaching the string took some serious determination . After 45 minutes of trying various positions , -LRB- I found that sitting on the toilet worked best -RRB- , my wrists and hands cramping up , and everything going dry down there from all the finagling , I finally was able to rotate it enough to get ahold of the string and wrap it around the one finger that could reach it . I was just relieved to not have to go to the doctor or worse , the hospital .4 . -RRB- It could be my imagination , but I started feeling nauseous and light-headed , right before I got it out.I do n't know if it 's just a combination of different variables gone wrong , or if this is a bad idea . If you 're going to use it , I would recommend using condoms , in addition . I 'm not sure how safe it can be , if it can flip all the way around , leaving your cervix possibly exposed . If that happens , be prepared to ask for assistance with removing it.I would like to stay off of the patch -LRB- it seems to affect my mood quite a bit -RRB- , but I do n't think I can stand dealing with the Sponge . It was not a morning that I 'd like to repeat .
 if an ongoing effort to not use hormone based birth control , and being in a committed relationship that is tired of condoms , this past weekend , we decided to give the Today sponge a try . The sponge is a nice termurpedic sort of foam that is nice and squishy . getting it in place seemed easy enough . I felt secure in the seal of the sponge placement and the loop was also easily reached . But after a couple of rounds with my boyfriend , it seemed the sponge had flipped around . when had this happened ? before or after climax ? am I more at risk for pregnancy ? this also brought about difficulty getting the thing out . after a few tries of my own , I had to employ my boyfriend to get it -LRB- longer fingers -RRB- . both of us could reach it , but there was no way to extract it . after two hours and some different techniques , I got the damn thing loose . But here is the question . if I can reach it with my finger , and break the seal . . then certainly My partner could do the same during intercourse . so how do you know its stayed in place ? you dont . He is well endowed , so maybe that was part of it . Also , the Ny-9 is the same spermicide used on condoms and I have never had trouble with it , but the sponge sort of seeped in the hours not involved in sex which made my business south of the sponge quite agitated , after all of the wrestling to get it out , I am now out of commission for a couple of days and am going to buy a plan B in case the sponge was out of place , thereby putting me at risk for pregnancy.as far as the taste thing goes , I didnt notice any numbness when he kissed me and he had NO complaints.really , I will NEVER use this product again , as a matter of fact , if you want one , I had purchased a 3 pack and still have 2 left , first one to email me your mailing address , can have em .
 My poor GF just took 30 minutes to get this terrible product out . She 's been moaning away in the bathroom for all that time while I hunted around in the kitchen for some sort of tool that would get up there for us . Maybe she 's got an extra deep cervix . Maybe you do too . I would think about that before putting this thing up there with the clock ticking to get it out again before it turns into a pumpkin or whatever at the 30 hour mark . Terrible product . If anyone wants to buy three , we 've got most of a box left . They will be in the alley behind out house . You can stop by anytime to pick them up .
 Initially , when I started using the Today Sponge -LRB- 4 months ago -RRB- , I thought it was an amazing product and absolutely loved it . However , I recently had a serious problem with a sponge ; both my husband and I suffered severe pain after using one . I called the 800-line for help and was put in touch with two people at the corporate office . One promised a refund , while the other -LRB- the Chief Scientific Officer -RRB- told me the medical problem was likely my own -- not the product 's . WHen the refund did not come after a month , I emailed to check in . I never heard back . So I called both the 800-number and the corporate number . The latter NEVER returned my call , while someone from the former -LRB- Customer Service -RRB- called and said the company had suddenly gone out of business and that not even the people at Customer Service could reach the people at corporate . Clearly they are aware that they have a bad product and have disappeared as a result . PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT -- for your own safety . I did love it for the first several months that I used it , but now there is definitely something wrong .
 This may seem like a great alternative for men who are reluctant to use condoms , but you should exercise caution . For one , this does not protect you from STDs . Just have to throw that out there . But if you have a steady partner , it 's not great either . If you have had children , the rate of protection goes down SIGNIFICANTLY - to the point where it does not feel like it is a safe option , even if it is just for birth control . And last - and the strongest reason I can think of not to use it , is the spermicide is a bit numbing , for both men and women . And if there is oral sex involved in your fun , then there is this highly unpleasant numbness for the mouth . There are far more effective options out there . Skip this one .
 I grew up in a city in Wisconsin where Horlicks had a facility . We could get Horlicks Malk powder in glass jars and it was WONDERFUL ! Pure malt flavor you could put in milk , or add to just about anything ! Horlicks sprinkled on chocolate ice cream was a real treat . This tastes nothing like that . I do n't even know how to describe the taste - but malt would not be one of the words I would use !
 it was not as strong for baking as the product from other companies . I was disappointed having read of its historically traditional origins.Everyone 's expectations in flavor varies widely .
 convenient size and design but essentially a cheap knockoff of a great Norelco travel shaver , no longer made . I have purchased two of these shavers , both worked great for about 6 months but the switch on both broke making the unit inoperable . If you are looking for reasonable good quality , this is not the item to buy .
 I got a spider bite on my ankle and was covering it with honey-soaked cotton held in place with Johnson & Johnson First Aid Paper Tape . The bite was getting better and then I ran out of paper tape . So I stated using a roll of 3M Transpore tape . After a day or two , I got a huge , horrible skin reaction everywhere -LRB- and only -RRB- where the tape contacted my skin . Massive irritation and severe sores , which eventually scabbed over and left major scars which are still extremely prominent six months later . It was the worst skin reaction I 've ever gotten from contact with anything . Obviously my reaction is rare , but should be mentioned because it did happen and the Transpore tape was the obvious culprit . I got some more paper tape and experienced no further irritation with it .
 I bought this tape due to great reviews but now I have 12 rolls of tape that will be collecting dust . It did not hold up well at all for me . it is NOT waterproof/sweatproof . Tape would come off with couple hours of wear . I did use it to cover a wart remover adhesive on the palm of my hand so perhaps that may be the reason why it did not work out well . I use the johnson and johnson waterproof tape which works great for the fraction of the price . With the johnson and johnson waterproof tape , I would be able to wash my hand all day long and it would stay put . Mind you I would have to clean the tape area with alcohol before placing the tape but I did the same with Transpore tape also but did not work .
 I started taking this product 7 days ago exactly as directed and have only had 2 BM 's during that time . I eat healthy and maintain a healthy lifestyle . I had high hopes for this product to help in elimating toxins in my body but so far I have been disappointed . I am going to continue taking this for 1 more week and see if I get any results .
 This stuff is not working for me at all . I was hoping to get a good cleanse , and get regular in the process . But I 'm on day 9 and I have less bowel movements now than I did before , and I 've been drinking more than 64ozs of water a day . I 'm sure I 've totally cleansed my bladder , because I 'm constantly going to do # 1 because of all the water . But I 'm really tired of feeling like I 'm backed up . I did n't feel this way before I started taking these pills , so I do n't know what the heck the problem is . I 'm up to the maximum amount of pills it says to take -LRB- 3 of each pill 2x a day -RRB- , and still I may have a bowel movement every other day if I 'm lucky . I do n't eat red meat , pork , etc. . I have limited my cheese intake , and NO fatty foods , like the pamphlet said , and still , I feel like I have wasted my time and my money when I could have been taking something that actually works ! I 'm very disappointed and definitely would NOT recommend this product .6 / 11 - It 's now day 12 and I am constipated and off to get some Miralax . I wish this stuff would have worked for me . -LRB- DANG IT ! -RRB-
 I am giving this 2 Stars ONLY because for three days it worked . I took it for 2 weeks & after the first 3 days , it did n't do a THING . I followed the instructions , increased every other day , etc. . I saw NOTHING after the 3rd day .
 Three different health store proprietors recommended Multi-Fiber to me many years ago . I faithfully took two tablets almost every day for ten years . I was satisfied with the results and thought I was taking care of my body . Just recently , I had my first colonoscopy , and was warned by my doctor that I needed to immediately stop taking any supplements with such ingredients as cascara -LRB- in Multi-Fiber -RRB- and senna . He showed me the images of my blackened colon and informed me of the harmful side-effects . I feel as if I 've been sold a false bill of goods and been lied to by health store operators and companies like Nature 's Secret.You better investigate the fiber supplements you are taking and protect yourself against the damaging effects of products like Multi-Fiber .
 I 've been on this product for over a week and all it 's done is give me really bad breakouts , so bad , I have n't left my house all week . I only go to the restroom once a day vs. the two before this product . I guess it 's not for everyone and not only am I disappointed , my week was ruined due to bad skin , which is just now beginning to get slightly better .
 Just does n't work.I thought it was no better than using an occasional stool softener.I was very disappointed after having read the sales pitch for this product .
 I bought this product anticipating what many of the reviews said - hoping to feel rejuvenated and detoxified . Sadly , I did not have the same results many users have . I consider myself a healthy person - but was expecting some `` results '' . I continued to do the regimen for a week and a half and was not seeing any drastic changes . I am not a fan of black licorice and one of the herbal pills had it in there . Just having it pill in my mouth for 3 seconds , almost caused me to have the gag reflex ... . wished it would have had some coating over the pills . I will just stick to my Trust Nutrition fiber pills and Pride Nutrition products that work A LOT better .
 If your thinking about getting this , becuase of the review rating , think again . This stuff is terrible . It did nothing but give me a stomach ache . I 'm not a huge health fanatic that knows all about the detox and clease process . A year ago I took Yerba Prime and it worked really well . I decided to try this one , becuase it was cheaper . Well you definitely get what you pay for . I do not recommend this product at all . Horrible !!
 I used the multi herb digestion and detox support with the multi fiber cleanse as directed trying to get healthy . I winded up in the Hospital with stabbing chest pains in my heart every 15 minutes . 1500 dollors later and a series of test ekgs cat scans Dr. says dont take those anymore . If you look at the ingredients it only make sense withover 50 herbs combined together you are bound to have some that dont agree together . I dont think more is better in this case . Never again , just wanted to save someone a trip to the Hospital .
 I 've been on it for a week now and I 'm going to stop taking it . It does help to go softer , but I 'm only going once a day now . . instead of my usual 2 or 3 . I took it because it promised a good cleaning out . I 'm getting the opposite and this ca n't be good for me . I give it 2 stars because the pills are easy to swallow and I notice I sleep better at night . Something in it must be causeing that . Overall , I wasted my money .
 The ingredients in the this product are really impressive with one major caveat . The chief ingredient in one of the daily tablets is Cascara Sagrada powder -LRB- bark -RRB- , a laxative herb used most commonly in natural medicine to treat constipation . According to The Physician 's Desk Reference for Herbal Medicine , stimulating laxatives such as this one are NOT recommended for use for more than 1-2 weeks . Definitely consult your doctor before going this route - not only is cascara sagrada an active ingredient but also you will be taking it morning and night for 30 days on this program . It may or may not work for some people , but for a good deal of people , there will be very unpleasant side effects that include diarrhea , loose stools , abdominal pain , and intense continual intestinal spasms.You really have to be willing to pay the price to see if you 're one of many who are intolerant to Cascara sagrada . If you are , as the package and leaflet state itself , you must stop use immediately . It is worthwhile to look at other comparable options that contain a different laxative herb with perhaps lesser side effects . Other herbal laxatives used to flush the colon and release waste include dandelion root , rhubarb root , butternut bark , flaxseed , red raspberry , senna , and barberry bark -LRB- not to be used during pregnancy -RRB- . Another thing to consider is that unfortunately the fiber for this cleanse comes in a tablet form , which many would argue is considerably less effective than in powder form . I got around this by adding more ground flaxseed and psyllium seed husks to my beverages.This product is widely available at natural health food stores which is why we bought it and took the leap of faith . For my man , this product was tolerable and he kept with it for three weeks . He did n't have the negative side effects that I had which included strong continual -LRB- and audible -RRB- spasms in my abdominal area and really bad diarrhea all day long for every day I was on the cleanse . I love the idea of ` cleansing ' so I gave it a good faith effort to see if the symptoms would subside . It meant being near the bathroom a lot , but I was hopeful to see things improve . On the ninth day , after re-reading that tiny disclaimer on the product package about Cascara sagrada , I stopped the program . It is VERY important to know that if you experience all-day diarrhea or loose stools at all with this product , STOP ! It may seem counter-intuitive , as ` cleansing ' is meant to remove a lot of retained debris in the colon , but it does much more harm than good.I hope this helps someone out there who has either started the program and can not explain the intestinal mayhem taking place , or someone who may be ready to jump and try the product . Conceptually it is an excellent detoxification program . Short of an ingredient alteration or two , I can not wholeheartedly recommend this program . If you have guts of steel and are willing to pay to simply try it out , I wish you the best on your cleansing journey and I hope you are one of the lucky ones !
 I was a fairly long time user of this product and loved it because it was effective and , I thought , safe for extended use . Then I went for my first colonoscopy and was told by my doctor that I had Melanosis coli which is caused by using products with senna and cascara sagrada bark . She said that , if I did n't stop using the product , she would not be able to see anything on the lining of my colon due to the pigmentation changes . I have never seen anything about this in the product information and have now stopped using the product .
 I hate to give this product a bad review because it seems like a good company with good prices and environmentally-responsible practices . But this product just did n't work for me , even at the maximum dosage of 6 pills twice a day . All I got was bad gas cramps . In fact I may have been a little more constipated than usual -LRB- sorry to be so graphic , but hey it 's a colon cleanser ! -RRB- The instructions say some people just have `` sluggish colons '' and they need to use the company 's Super Cleanse product , but since UC did n't work even slightly , I 'm reluctant to try any more of their products . The 2 stars is for the good value price for quantity of pills and the large variety of natural ingredients . I bought another herbal product called Colon Clenz at Wal-Mart that works much better , although it 's just for 1 - or 2-day use , not meant to be a whole-body detoxifier like UC .
 OMG !!!! I bought this product because it was recommended by the salesman at the Vitamin Shop . I went home ate dinner at 6:30 and took one of each pill about 7:30 . About 8:00 I reviewed the reviews online . The reviews stated there would be cramping . Cramping is an understatement -LRB- in my case at least -RRB- !!! At about 9:15 or so it started out with cramping and then to contracting . I was contracting for hours !!! I felt as though I was having my daughter all over again and she 's 16 . I quickly looked on the back of the box to see what was in it . I found that the pills contained Cascara sagrada which has a long history of traditional use by Native americans . Cascara sagrada contains compounds called anthroquinones , which are responsible for cascara 's powerful laxative effects . Anthraquinones trigger contractions in the colon , called peristalsis , which causes the urge to have a bowel movement.I did n't sleep well through out the night . The cramping calmed down through out the course of the night . I woke up at about 5:30 am with very light cramping and am still having them now . They are tolerable at least at this point . My bowels are usually regular -LRB- right after I eat -RRB- . However I have n't gone since my last meal and I hope to go soon . It 's now 9am and still have n't passed my bowels.Well what do you know ! As I 'm typing this review I went to the bathroom . Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay !!!! Bout time!I ca n't give this product a bad review because I 've only taken it for one day . I 'm putting this information out there to make you aware of the side affect , to give you info on what causes the cramping/contracting and to give you a time based off of what I 've experiences after one pill . I will try it again because I am so focused on trying to do this cleanse . What I would like to know if someone could answer this for me . How long did you have your cramping/contracting ? Was it for a couple days , few days , week or longer ? Thank you and Good Luck to all that are using this product including me.Be Blessed ! Enjoy your day !
 I just received my order today on 1/16 and the package has an expiration/use by date of 9/2011 . I 'm pretty sure the product description did not say `` by the way , this product expired already .
 Did n't work for me , sometimes had cramps and little bowel movements . Just tried Yerba for women -LRB- with Bentonite clay -RRB- and it is just under my favorite -LRB- western botanicals i think , that uses charcoal -RRB- but way less cost .
 For all the effort and risk of putting this into my body it was n't worth it . Not saying that it wo n't work for you though .
 I have been researching hard to find helpful reviews or before and after pics but apparently this product actually is a secret . Day one went well , although I did have 2 laxatives the night before , I had 4 poops . Day 2 nothing after 5 hours so I took some MOM and 4 movements . Maybe I should boost my intake to 3 of each ...
 I received exactly what I wanted/ordered . Thanks for saving me time and money !
 Sure the nutritional numbers look good , but this is by far the most disgusting-tasting bar I 've ever had ... like eating epoxy ! Just sickly sweet , and plastic-flavored . Powerbar Protein Plus and MetRx taste better , but the best tasting ones I 've had were Cliff Body Builder Bar and Detour .
 The concept of this product is great . But if you 're a size 6 and the booty comes in one size 7-9 , it 's a loose fit . There are air pockets and the silicone gets cold . I tried to accommodate this by fitting tube socks over the booties . But I was still miserable.I did however , wake up with soft skin on my feet . I kept the booties , hoping I would be able to suffer through the experience again . They are not worth it to me and I would not recommend them over a good soaking of cream and white cotton socks .
 Ok , I 'm all for natural treatments . But , this is product does not work . In fact , I am more stuffed now from using it only for 2 days . I will now have to go to the doctor to get medicine whereas before I was just having light stuffiness mainly in the morning . I can barely breathe out of my nose now . I 'll be returning this !
 I was looking for something besides saline spray which doesnt seem to me to work at all , plus saline dries my nose out . I tried this Seagate Olive Leaf . I really tried to give it a go , but it just doesnt work . My nose is just as stuffy as it was . At this point I really dont think there are any natural cures for a stuffy nose other than time and patience , but when my nose is blocked I am in the mood for neither . I want relief . The only real relief is probably Rhinocort or Nasacort .
 After reading glowing reviews here I thought I 'd give this natural sinus spray a try . It did not help clear the congestion in my sinuses at all . In fact , I think it made the soft tissues more inflamed which causes more swelling and thus , more blockage . I have had the same result when trying a plain saline spray like `` Ocean '' . I wo n't be using the rest of my bottle .
 Pretty expensive product especially since it did n't work . Used it for a week with no results.Complete waste of money .
 SEAGATE OLIVE LEAF NASAL SPRAY , 1 fl . oz.I had a severe allergic reaction to this product . The name is a misnomer . Olve Leaf is listed as an inactive ingredient ! The major ingredient is a plant/Flower called Wild Indigo or Baptisa Tinctoria.Bobbi
 I purchased this product to help my with allergies . After using it I had a severe allergic reaction to the nasal spray and was seen by my physician . Soon after I completed allergy testing and found out I 'm allergic to olive trees . At the time I purchased the nasal spray I was unaware of my allergic reaction to olive trees.So I wrote Seagate Customer Service and you can read their response below : If you are are already using it and are not allergic to it , then why would you stop using it ? Of course the real question should have been -- why did you buy a product called Olive Leaf Nasal Spray when you know that you are allergic to olive trees ? Most likely at this point if you do not have any allergic reaction after a few days of use , then the product will be fine for you.Thank youSeagate Customer ServiceOn Wed , Aug 22 , 2012 at 5:03 PM
 Look up homeopathy before you buy this . Basically , the active ingredients are so diluted that it probably doesnt contain a single molecule of what you think you 're getting . You 're simply buying a placebo solution .
 MAybe helped me just a little with chronic sinus problem but not much and very drying to the nose .
 I did not loose any weight . As a laxative - good but as a slimming tea - not so much . I would not recommend it for people who wants to loose weight .
 I bought these looking for more sensation and comfort compared to Magnum thin condoms . What I do like about them is the lack of latex odor , but these simply did not fit like magnums or any other large sized condom I have tried . They may be slightly longer , but these will not work if you are thick , they are just too tight . I had high hopes with the reviews these have been getting , but not right for me .
 My partner bought these for me recently and I could tell immediately that something was wrong . Right out of the package it would n't even roll down ; I had to manually and carefully stretch it myself -LRB- which hurt like hell by the way -RRB- . Fearing not however because in sex ed I had seen a Trojan stretch over someone 's arm with no problem , so surely this one could tolerate such stresses I thought to myself . Intercourse was good , but guess what ? I must congratulate kimono for one thing ; they have presented me with my very first ever broken condom experience . This cheaply made product is not worth the 40 dollar morning after pill that comes with it , or the 18.75 years of responsibility . If you 're not looking for a surprise pregnancy , do NOT buy this product .
 The Method products deserve 5 stars . . i just put 1 hoping this would get noticed because even with Amazons `` sale '' prices , they are STILL way over what you 'd pay at Target , even with gas $ $ !!! I 've tryed almost all the Method products . . GREAT cleaners , GREAT scents ! Well worth how little they cost at Target !! BTW ~ before you shop at Target , go to your local Goodwill store , sells TONS of NEW Target stuff ... lots of times only payed $ 1 for these Method Cleaners !! I also buy target toys/clothing/bedding etc at Goodwill ... than i shop at Target if Goodwills out .
 I expected soft , pillow like alternating air , but this product was like laying on lightly padded smooth rocks ; and there was n't enough motion action . My back hurt after one hour of laying on it . And the worst part is that the company has a policy not to accept returns on the item . I guess I 've learned a big lesson about purchasing on the Internet .
 I bought not realizing that it is not adjustable like my previous model , the`Paradise Pump & Pad . Had to return it because the pad pressure was too high for me .
 We bought this soap at our local store because we had a coupon and because it had an interesting package . What a mistake . It does n't lather at all , and you have to use SO MUCH of it to even get your dishes clean . It claims to be ultra concentrated , but if it is , it 's concentrated something-other-than-soap . Do n't waste your money . It 's not bad as a hand soap , but do n't bother using it for dishes . I wish I could give it 0 stars .
 Worst . Tape . Ever . Tried to use it to bandage a post operative wound on my leg . Does n't sitck at all ! I would have been better off using Scotch tape ! Ridiculous .
 This tape does not stay on . It is not sticky enough and the adhesive will not hold a gauze or non-stick wound pad in place . Do not waste your money . Nexcare is much better .
 Do n't buy this tape if you can find an alternative . This paper does n't stick to itself well at all and as soon as you put your finger on it , the adhesive is much less effective . Nexcare is much better . I found one in the Bahamas which is my favorite but I ca n't recall the brand ! : - -LRB-
 If you 're an American male , stay away from this and other Asian brands . Asian condoms are way too small and tight-fitting . Also , there 's not enough lubrication .
 This product is VERY messy and left a scar on my bikini line . Cleaning the applicator after each use is a hassle and the wax does n't flow very good . You can actually injure your skin just applying this product ! -LRB- the wax sticks & pulls as you roll on -RRB- . It seems as if to lessen the pain of application you must squeeze hard and apply slightly more wax , however then strips wo n't adhere ! The wax works pretty well but since the applicator does n't you wo n't get consistent results - meaning patches . This product is very messy - although surprisingly it will wash off the skin very easily ! It seems the applicator is really the problem . I suppose it could be effective if you can try applying it with out the applicator in a very - very thin layer .
 This product was a waste of money ! I let my hair grow well enough to do the wax , but it only removed the coarsest hairs . They do n't even give you enough wax papers to finish both legs . After spending the time to wax half of my legs , I ran out of papers and still need to shave because the wax missed all the fine hairs and even some of the coarser hairs . VERY dissapointed . In my opinion , Nair Roll-On Wax is a total gimmick !
 It 's obviously your fault because you left your child unattended and he / she did not know what was coming . You should watch when your child rubs the shampoo on his / her head and tell them to close their eyes wide shut , until your child has reached an experienced age -LRB- i.e. 9 , 10 , 12 etc. -RRB- when he is responsible and cautious to take a shower himself .
 My 7 year old son received this product in his Christmas stocking and , being a big Spongebob fan , could n't wait to use it . He needed my help to open the bottle because the cool looking Spongebob top did n't seem to be secured to the cap inside of it , which made it difficult to unscrew . A few minutes after I left him I heard him screaming for me from the shower . When I got to him he was crying hysterically that soap got in his eyes and it stung . It took several minutes before I could wash the shampoo from his eyes , which were red and sore . I am amazed that this shampoo is marketed to young children and would definitely not recommend it .
 These are great for SMALL areas that you 'd like not to appear to have a bandage applied , but they really do n't stick . They hang on for about 30 minutes and then they 're gone . I 'm not sure why these bandages are not made with the same glue that they used to but something needs to be changed . If you ca n't go very long without reapplying it , what 's the point ? You 're almost better off looking conspicuous and applying gauze and tape . At least you 'll know that it will be there an hour from the time of application . It 's a great idea but they really have n't figured out how to make it stick .
 I did not order this thru amazon but I have such a strong dislike for it that I felt I need to share . I decided to try this and ordered thru my insulin pump supply company . I had issues with other tapes sticking and getting rashes -LRB- like tegaderm , IV 3000 , hypaflix , etc -RRB- that I wanted to try this since it claims &#34; adheres securely to skin that is wet , oily or hairy , yet is still gentle on delicate skin &#34; and &#34; waterproof &#34; . I have tried it several times and it does not live up to its description . It falls off after I shower -LRB- thus not waterproof -RRB- , and with in a hour after putting on dry skin it is falling off . It does not stick well at all . Save your money and get something else . I went back to tegaderm .
 This product has several filler ingredients not disclosed on the amazon page . These fillers are meant for ease of filling capsules by high speed machines -LRB- lubrication , etc , . . -RRB- I do n't like the accumulation of such additives in one 's body . I specifically got this brand because of the absence of these chemicals as shown online ; however this was n't the case when I actually received the bottle . Please be accurate about what 's in your product .
 A friend told me about this becasue it was recommended by his Dr. It has apparently been a big help to my friend . However I 've been taking it faithfully for about 21/2 months now and have not experienced any relief so far . So while it may be effective for some , it was not effective for me . I will finish my second supply , but will not purchase this product any more unless it begins to make a difference .
 I would not buy any product that does n't list the Supplement Facts . I am very disappointed .
 Dear Sirs , Firstable i was very happy to find guarana powder on the internet.Secontly the guarana where i purchase from you was not fresh.As ex importer of guarana powder in Greece i know very well any type of guarana.This guarana where you send is very old , maybe before 2 or 3 years ago.Wend you open any recipient of guarana you smell the caracteristical aroma of pure guarana.In my case this never happent and the taste is from something old.This is the worst guarana i ever purchase from somewhere.Please do something , Best RegardsIerotheos Saliamis
 Feels very comfortable when I first put it on , but after wearing it for an hour or so my ankle starts to swell , becomes painful and I have to take it off . I 'm recovering from an ankle sprain and wanted the security of support on that ankle . Very disappointed .
 Product shown does not match what is provided . -LCB- Product is cheaper and does not work to support wrist . Vendor was surly , defensive and charged to return item .
 For 3 days , I have been nauseous with cramping and headaches . I could n't figure out why , until I researched this vitamin . I even took it on a full stomach after meals as suggested.It 's just not worth feeling , like you want to vomit !
 DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL !!! MADE ME SO NAUSEA !!! LIKE I WANTED TO THROW UP EVERYDAY ... DID N'T KNOW WHAT WAS MAKING ME SICK . . UNTIL I LOOKED UP ON THE PILL . . AND SAW THAT EVERYONE WAS GETTING SICK !!! THEY NEED TO TAKE THIS PILL OF THE MARKET !!!
 I have been taking this product for about three weeks . I have been taking it in the morning , after eating a normal meal -LRB- slice of toast , two hard boiled eggs , yogurt -RRB- . I take the vitamin with a few other herbal supplements . Shortly after taking the vitamin , my face would flush and I would become extremely nauseated , to the point of running to the nearest trashcan at work -LRB- could n't make it to the bathroom -RRB- . A few days ago I left my vitamins at work , so I did n't have them over the weekend and could n't find them when I came back to work Monday or Tuesday . I had all of the other herbs at home so continued to take those . I started feeling great ! No nausea , no flushing . Then today , Wednesday , I found my vitamins and took one . About 10 - 15 minutes later , flushing and extreme nausea , again ! I found the reviews for the product and am very relieved to learn this is a side effect of the vitamin and I do n't have something wrong with me . The bottle is going in the trash . Do n't buy this product .
 This pill is TERRIBLE ! My girl friend and I , early 20 's , tried these to get more vitamins and of course , boost our metabolism , get more energy , and lose some weight ... UGH . Without food , just head to the bathroom or grab the nearest trash can , IMMEDIATELY ! It 's like someone punching you in the stomach . But even WITH food , we STILL got nauseated , BAD stomachaches , and vomiting . It does give a bit of an energy boost that feels like crack -LRB- j/k -RRB- for a short period , but it is NOT at ALL worth all the pain , nausea , dizziness , vomiting , headache , CHEST TIGHTNESS , and uncomfortable feelings that come with it . When 90 % of these reviews are telling you the same , bad side effects , do NOT use !
 I have had good experience with other One a Day vitamins and bought this one . I have taken it twice and both times I have been violently ill . I am not sensitive to caffeine , but something in this vitamin makes me vomit within minutes of taking it . They need to rework the formula . I do not recommend this vitamin .
 I wish I would of researched this vitamin before taking it today was my first day trying it I started coughing within second of taking this vitamin and threw up some of the food I hate with it ... After that happened my throat started hurting an feeling swallow and it 's hard to swallow now . Then my top of my mouth feels so irritated ! Now i 'm getting a headache and a stomach ache . I do not recommend this crap for anyone I was fine before taking this pill felt great an energetic ready to go to the gym and now I feel like laying in bed and throwing up ! I tried this for a extra dose of energy and hoping it would help me get to my goal weight I never in my life thought a vitamin could make me feel so horrible .
 I 'll keep this short , since I will just confirm what many reviews said before this . I started taking this pill about 2 months ago , then I started getting really bad dizzy spells , to the point where I thought I would faint -LRB- which I never have before , by the way -RRB- . I wound up at the doctor because I felt weak , light headed and depressed . They checked my ears to see if that was causing the dizziness , my thyroid , blood tests to see if it was anemia ... it all came out perfect.Eventually , the dizziness went away by itself . BUT I did n't realize that was about the time I completely forgot about these vitamins and stopped taking them . Anyway , last week I saw the bottle sitting there and thought I should take them again . I got a massive energy boost , which I liked . I did notice my stomach was a bit upset , but nothing major . I had trouble sleeping the first night so I figured it was the caffeine and decided to take only half a pill . Well , it turns out that 3 days ago , about a week and a half after taking these on a daily basis , the same symptoms are back . I started getting palpitations again , I 'm having trouble concentrating , experiencing terrible anxiety and dizzy spells , depression ... It 's actually very similar to what you experience when you quit antidepressants overnight -- I 'm not taking antidepressants anymore and have n't for the last 2 years , in case you 're thinking that might be the source of my symptoms , but it feels just like that.That 's when it finally clicked that it was this so-called multivitamin from hell wreaking havoc on my body . DO NOT TAKE THIS UNLESS YOU 'RE LOOKING TO FRY YOUR BRAIN . I have no idea what 's in it , but it 's got to be some sort of dangerous chemical with horrendous effects on both your nervous and digestive system .
 I lost weight without these pills . I just got them because I work out and would like a vitamin that 'll support me but THESE are not it . They made me nauseous and just sick feeling . EVEN when you eat before taking them . PLEASE get something else .
 I thought that since this had the One a Day name , it would be a safe supplement to take to help lose a couple of pounds . The first day I took it , I vomited within ten minutes of taking the vitamin , even though I took it with food like it suggests . I had an upset stomach and vomited on and off throughout the rest of the day . I decided to give it a second chance , but the same thing happened the next day . I 'm not sensitive to medication or supplements or anything , so it 's just the vitamin . I wish I could give it zero stars , but unfortunately that 's not an option . A couple pounds is definitely NOT worth being sick all day everyday . I will not continue to use this vitamin and strongly encourage others not to start . One a Day should look into a safe way to aid your metabolism , not one that makes you sick . Extremely disappointed in this product !
 Agree with the comments posted here . I take half a pill with meals and water and within seconds feel like I 'm going to throw up . What ingredient is causing this ?
 This is not my first time trying a One A Day Women s pill . I used to take active mind and body but could n't find it anywhere . I do want to loose a bit of weight so I decided to try the Active Metabolism and well just like most of the people who have taken it I threw up . Just ten min after taking it I had to pull to the side of the road but the pill was still in my system so during the day it gave me incredible gas -LRB- basically makes you want to go # 2 -RRB- . To tell you the truth though the active mind and body used to make me sick as well but not the point of actually needing to throw up . The whole day I had a headache and just felt very sick . This pill is not for everyone so be aware of the side effects and if you are like me with a weak stomach when it comes to pills do n't bother with this one .
 My daughter tried this vitamin . First day it upset her stomach , and second day she threw up immediately . Not worth getting sick over . Wo n't be using this vitamin again .
 The first few times I took this it would make me nauseated but I was able to hold it down , I just figured that once I got used to it the feeling would pass . Well today I took it and had to run to the bathroom to throw up . Not worth the side effects !!! It will give you a little bit of energy IF you can keep it down !!! IEW
 I 've been getting night terrors and vomiting for months , and I finally realized why . It has caffeine , so when I realized that it may be causing my night terrors and night illness , I switched to mornings . The first day , I had to pull over to the side of the road on my way to work to throw up . I stopped taking it , and Googled it today . It is causing MANY people night terrors and vomiting . All those sleepless nights and missed days of work ... I 'm almost in tears realizing it was just my stupid vitamin all along . Please do n't take this ... it almost ruined my life !
 This product will definitely make you lose weight - by throwing everything up.When I started taking it , I loved it . It has caffeine and other energizers which were perfect for the morning . I 'm trying to lose weight and already take multivitamins so I thought I could just take this instead . I started taking this every morning and soon I noticed I was n't feeling well . I attributed this to just it being early.After a while , my nausea became stronger and soon I was unable to hold down food . I had never become physically sick before but taking this pill had me bent over the sink/trash/toilet . Even still , I tried to ignore this . Finally , after a week of this , I went online and googled this product . I found story after story of people in the same position - Nauseous , sick and even headaches.All I can say is DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . Save yourself some money and find another multivitamin that does n't poison its users .
 I was hoping this would be a great way to get my vitamins and also boost my weight-loss efforts ... however , it only made me nauseated , and on one occasion , made me vomit . I stopped taking it after that .
 I was very excited to take this vitamin hoping it would give me a boost of energy . I took the vitamin after eating and within 5 minutes I threw it all up !! An hour later and I still feel sick and very weak . I would n't recommend this to anyone . This is the first and last day I will be taking thirst vitamins . Huge wast of money .
 The first day I took this supplement , I experienced dizziness and was queasy within hours . Felt faint and hot with prickly chills . Also felt the need to sit down to gather myself several times throughout the day . Takes overnight to feel better again . Drink lots of water to flush the yuck out ! DO NOT take these ! Can only be doing more harm that good . There 's no reason that a vitamin should make you feel so ill .
 I 've only taken this twice -LRB- two mornings in a row -RRB- and it has made me throw up both times , about 10 minutes after taking it . I eat a decent sized meal before taking it , like the directions tell you too , but I still threw up . Now my mom thinks I 'm pregnant because it seems like morning sickness , but I 'm 99 % sure I am not pregnant . It 's good to know that I 'm not the only one this vitamin makes throw up or feel sick .
 I 've been taking a variety of vitamins for decades and none have ever made me as sick as these . I took this vitamin on three separate days . The first time was in the morning after a small breakfast a few weeks ago . Shortly after , I threw up . The second time was right before bed last week . Within an hour , I threw up . The last time was just today about 30 minutes after lunch . I threw up within 15 minutes of taking it and have been dizzy and lightheaded all day.I 'm not sure if it 's the effects of the guarana seed but the rest of the bottle is going in the trash . I simply DO NOT recommend these pills .
 Tried it once after eating , was on the verge of puking within 10 minutes and managed to keep it down . Gave it another go mid-meal the next day thinking the food might 've just made me sick , and I threw up literally 3 minutes after taking it . Unless you wan na puke yourself skinny , do n't buy this .
 I thought I had a stomach virus the last few days and have decided it is this vitamin . I did n't take it for a couple of days and this morning I have nausea again after taking it . There 's obviously something in this vitamin that triggers nausea and even after eating oatmeal for breakfast
 This has made me throw up every time I tried it . I tried it with different amounts of food and no luck .
 so glad i read these reviews . been taking this supplement for two days ... have felt awful !! upset stomach , abdominal pains !!! will never take again !!!
 I have been taking this for 3 days , the third day I have n't gone into class as I 'm feeling so ill . Now I know why.After taking them for the first 2 days I felt sick a few mins after and after anything I eat , today it finally caused me to vomit . Not a pleasant experience .
 I recently started taking these vitamins . I have been unable to sleep at all since I started taking them . I lay in bed for hours wide awake but tired . On top of that I get horrible stomach aches , and if I dont eat a decent size meal with my pill I immediately throw up . I hav n't been taking them long enough to know if they will help me lose weight , but at this point i do n't know if i 'm wanting to find out !!!
 I was eager to try this because my friend told me it gave her a big energy kick . I read the directions and some of the reviews so I knew to take it after eating . However , even after eating it makes me really sick to my stomach . I feel like I am going to throw up -- even a couple hours later I will get a big waive of nausea . You just ca n't get through a day well feeling like that . I 've been trying a couple weeks now hoping it would get better , but no such luck . I will not be able to take these anymore as a result and want to warn others to be careful . I tried varying types of food - amounts - no help . Good luck to those who try them .
 Had a horrible reaction to this pill ! I saw spots all over , blood pressure went sky high , shakey , weak , felt awful1 !! I will NEVER take this pill again !!!!!!
 So , let me just tell you my story in a nutshell . I 've been taking this vitamin for about a month . I 've been working out for about 5 months , thought it might boost my energy and metabolism a little more so I could do more at the gym . Shortly after I started taking them , I had horrible nausea , horrible headaches , insomnia and just an all around sense of feeling like crap . I never would have linked my symptoms to a multivitamin . I went to the doctor , he did a UA -LRB- no UTI -RRB- , he ordered a pelvic sono and an abdominal sono because I NEVER have nausea for any reason . Put me on nausea meds which did n't help . A week later had the sono 's ... they are normal . Go back to the doctor , I 'm exhausted because I 'm nauseated and I ca n't sleep . He decides I 'm low on serotonin and norepinephrine -LRB- translation is he thinks I 'm depressed -RRB- . Puts me on Effexor . I 've been on that for 21/2 weeks -LRB- mind you I do n't feel depressed at all -RRB- , still nauseated , still ca n't sleep , still have headaches but the Effexor is causing anxiety . For some reason just this morning , it clicked for me to research my `` new '' multivitamin ... and VIOLA !! I think I 've discovered why I 've felt horrible for almost a month . I do n't recommend these to ANYONE !!! For the record , I 'm not sensitive to caffeine , and my stomach is not sensitive in the least , I always eat before taking supplements . With the exception of what these vitamins did to me , I had n't thrown up in YEARS ! Ugh , so frustrating I spent so much time and money at the doctor having tests .
 I am so glad I am not the only one getting nauseous after taking this vitamin . I thought it might be something else , I tried everything and it comes down to this pill making me sick ! I am going to stop taking , not worth it . I will stick with my coffee for energy .
 I tried this product hoping it would give me the boost I needed to start a new workout regimen . But I quickly realized , after taking just one vitamin , that it made me terribly nauseated . After vomiting , I felt relieved but had no appetite for the rest of the day . The next day , I made a concerted effort to take in the middle of a medium sized meal , with lots of water . Again , within 15 minutes , I was nauseated and dizzy . My mouth started to water and I was feeling hot all over . I vomited again , and again , and again , and did n't eat for the rest of the day . This product is terrible ! It made me feel worse because I had less energy after the throwing up ! I am switching back to my old store brand vitamins that did n't make me sick and I 'm staying with them . If there was a way to rate this less than one star I would , its true rating is a zero .
 I took it once , right after lunch , felt nauseous . Will go back to regular Women 's one a day . The Active Metabolism does not work for me .
 Horrible ! I have taken plenty of caffeine supplements , diet pills and vitamins and never had a reaction like this . I really wanted these to work for energy and on many occasions would feel very nauseous very soon after taking it . This morning I had one with breakfast and a few minutes after taking the pill I had to run to the bathroom and it was n't pretty . This pill is HORRIBLE !!!
 I got to the point after having a child whereby I no longer needed to be taking prenatal vitamins and was looking to find a really good multivitamin . This one appealed to me because I am an active person and spend a lot of time running around after a very active child . Unfortunately it was very dissapointing ! I think for some people this is a wonderful option but for anyone -LRB- like me -RRB- who may be sensitive to too much caffiene -LRB- & guarana-more caffiene -RRB- this is a bad choice ! Made me sick to my stomach and led to difficulty sleeping . Awful to take a vitamin to help supplement a healthy lifestyle only to have it make you feel absolutely horrible ! Very dissapointing and big waste of money .
 This product did not help me lose any weight at all , and caused intense nausea . If I was n't careful to always take it with a good meal , I would always vomit after taking it . I took it for about a month before I finally gave up , and since then I 've had headaches , insomnia , and irritability . I wish I never would have started taking these !
 I have not achieved any weight loss with One A Day Weight Smart . I believe it is just a vitamin with no weight loss benefit .
 I had purchased these scotch pads for the use of a priming application on my car that i am getting ready to paint . I was going to use these pads with sanding paste to prep the rest of the hood to blend in with the new paint on the primed spots . When you see the price , it is only a dollar some , but then you see the shipping and handling . I figured a box of 3 of these would cost generally around 4 dollars at a store . Therefore , when i saw that the price for shipping and handling combined with the actual product cost would be around 7-8 dollars , i figured oh i will be getting 3 pads , but the price is so low so that its not much higher than if bought at a store.That is not the case though . The quantity has to be chosen to how many pads you want , and the shipping and handling no matter how many pads you order , will be the same . It was just deceiving to me , both the picture and description.The pad also , did not even come in a box pictured above . It came rubber banded with a plastic something attached to the scrub pad , and then just hidden under some packaging paper and `` air bags '' for shipping.I am very unhappy for paying 8 dollars for 1 scotch pad . Truly , i would like to be sent a couple more , no charge.I am warning those who are looking to buy these . I apologize for not messaging the company , or investigating further to what really comes with the purchase , and how you need to specify the amount of scrub pads you want separately .
 As the previous reviewer stated -LRB- which I wish I had read beforehand -RRB- , the picture of this product is completely misleading ! I had assumed I was buying a complete case of these pads . I have never bought them before , and can not locate them in any stores near me , so I had no reference as to whether the price was comparable to a case or not . There is no product description stating that the price is for a single pad ! The picture shows a case -LRB- box -RRB- and 3 pads laying next to it -LRB- appearing to be product placement showing the specific color of the pad ... they are color coded for those that don ' know -RRB- . Because of these factors , I had made an educated guess that I was buying a case ... 6 actually , 2 of these , and 4 of a different grade . Imagine my surprise when I opened the small box UPS delivered to find only 6 pads in it!I am currently trying , with no luck , to contact MSC to get this rectified .
 recieved one of the two products from this company and worte to let them know I did not recieve this one . They said they 'd ship it out but I never recieved it . oh well
 I purchased Avatrol in utter desperation ! I saw that the price of the product was decidedly cheaper then Hem-Relief and the ratings seemed to be better . I developed a hemorrhoid in the past week and a half and it was the worst and most painful one I have experienced to date . Unfortunately I ordered on a thursday night and my order did n't get to me until Monday of the following week and I had already endured the worst of pains.When the product arrived I began taking the recommended dosage -LSB- one a day for 14 days -RSB- and am now just about a week in to my usage without any noticeable change . My hemorrhoid has shrunken , but because of my own application of witch hazel and neosporin and yes , the awful bleeding . This product has n't really done anything as compared to Hem-Relief which stops hemorrhoids in their tracks.I do not recommend Avatrol , it 's all the hype with no hope.J.M . Prater
 Seller wants to charge $ 21.75 to ship three tiny packets that could fit in a normal business size envelope and go through the mail for less than fifty cents . Forget it !
 These pills suck ! I did n't noticed any physical change in my bust at all . It did however cause my face to breakout in acne , that was the only change I experienced.Does anyone know if they offer refunds ?
 I took this pill for two months solid , and there was no breast development or change at all . Judging from others reviews , I 'm not the only one it didnt help . dont waste your money on this one .
 This item does not work ! I believe it is just plain vitamins if even that ! Has zero affect on bust growth
 I order one and they took my money and never send it so I guess they know it not working cancelled my order take out my money and did not refund me I had to buy it from diffrent place
 Get any other meter but the true Track if you can help it . The True Track is the cheapest , and it is probably OK for someone who does not need consistently accurate results , but if you are pregnant or need to have tight blood glucose control you should get soemthing better . I work with pregnant women and some of them had insurance that would nnot cover any other meter exceopt True Track . We often compared them to other meters and to the meter we have in the clinic . the True Track meters usually -LRB- but not always -RRB- read 10-20 % higher than the other meters , and occasionally read 30-40 % higher . Occasionally they agreed with the other meters , but not nearly often enough !
 I have been using the TrueTrack meter for almost a month . I kept wondering why my home results were so different than those of my doctor . So , we double tested in the office . This meter was anywhere from 125 to 200 mg/dl off ! And that was the range of deviation from the real reading with the same blood sample tested three times within two minutes . The bad results resulted in Somogyi rebounds.Also , I constantly received errors with the monitor , and their customer service was useless.The device also shuts off quickly ; so if you have to re-stick , you 're going to have to restart the device . I even had it shut down while the test strip was sucking up the blood , which they are slow to do.Overall , I would give this negative five stars if I could .
 I have been testing for 15 years . I recently switched to the True Test becaue the strips are cheaper . The results I got were amazingly varied . Test results were 25 to 50 points different minutes apart and I am very careful to wash hands , and follow exact directions . I took it back , got a refund and went back to a name brand . My results are now consistent . This whole industry is ripping us off on test strip prices , in my opinion , but I need accuracy . Good Luck .
 I was planning to use this on my office chair , but the flimsy attachment band is n't strong enough to hold it in place . I was n't able to use it in my car because the same flimsy band is n't big enough to fit around my seats . It 's not heavy enough to use as a doorstop and it will cost more to return than it 's worth , so more fodder for the landfill .
 Horrible pillow . It 's curved in the middle , so you have to squish your back into it . It is also so much smaller than the picture ; so it does n't even support your entire back . Plus , the company will charge you for all shipping fees -LRB- including the amount they shipped to you in the first place -RRB- if you are returning it . That plus a 30 % restocking fee made it not worthwhile to return it . Totally bad purchase .
 I had purchased one of these before from the same manufacturer but lost it . I loved the old one , but this new one I ordered is MUCH smaller , width wise and lengthwise . Am very disappointed , especially for the price . Seems like I could have picked it up at the $ 1 store .
 This product has a high alcohol content . Soothing is not a word that comes to mind . It 's more like lighting your face on fire after shaving . I bought it and used it twice , then threw it away .
 This is the worst charger I 've ever owned . Please do n't put yourself through the misery of owning it yourself . In my experience Lenmar products tend to be horrendous . It burns up and will not charge anything unless all 4 slots on either side are full so you cant charge 3 batteries at a time . Ever . Terrible product .
 In the picture the bottle looks to have water in it . Which makes you think it comes with saline . It does not it is just the bottle . The item is listed as eyewash bottle but the picture is a little misleading .
 I am a regular consumer of Boost and Ensure , and I thought I would try this one . I could barely go past a few sips . I am throwing the rest of the stuff away .
 I read so many reviews on this product.Trying to get a feel for the taste reviewed by others . I tried strawberries and creme and chocolate . First , let me say , I read someone review about how they had one of these , then went to the store , and threw up in a isle . I had a very similar experience . Very nasty tasting . I simply do not understand how anyone can say these taste good . I would seriously make sure you are reading actual reviews . Check peoples shopping history for more than a few items . I believe they are fake and lying . This crap was nasty . I would never , ever , ever , ever , recommend this product . They taste horrible .
 This is our favorite ready made shakes , but when we ought this particular size it had chunks in it . Was told it was banana but we were n't prepared for it ; - -LRB-
 I like the Muscle Milk product , this review is in regards to the seller I received them from on Amazon.com , All Star Health . I was dismayed to receive a box of MM that was 2.5 years past the expiration of July 2009 , which I realized once I took a swig and came up with chunks of curdled protein ... disgusting.How is there no procedure in place to verify expiration dates before shipping ? Or does the seller just hope people do n't catch on so they can unload old product at full retain price.Thanks for endangering my health . I wo n't be buying here again .
 Powdered muscle milk is great . Muscle milk in a 17 ounce carton is nice and smooth . This formula is so lumpy and chalky that I had to strain it to drink it . I have a case and a half left and can no longer tolerated the gel like lumps and awkward taste . This one is all wrong
 I have been using the powdered Muscle Milk Lite for over a year and I love it . My favorite flavor is the banana - I think it is absolutely delicious , even when just mixed with milk . So , when I saw this ` ready to drink ' banana Muscle Milk product , I thought I would love it . However , that is not at all the case ! These drinks have a very strange after taste and I ca n't quite figure out what it is . They do n't taste at all like the powdered product mixed with milk . I have drunk two of them , and I 'm not quite sure I can stomach the rest . I tried one on my husband and he swears I was trying to kill him . Thank goodness we have three sons ... I 'll try giving the drinks to them -LRB- who knows - sometimes it seems they will eat or drink anything -RRB- .
 I dont see any difference in my weigh , tastes great but I still dont see any muscles and I workout hard .
 If you buy melatonin for sleep , it is recommended to buy pharmaceutical grade . Nothing on Amazon says it is pharm grade , but when you go to the Douglas website , their product PDF page for Melatonin PR says it is pharm grade . When I got the bottle , I looked and it does not say it is pharm grade . Thought I would take it and see how it works . I have taken pharm grade before and know it is more effective than non-pharm grade . This is like the regular melatonin for $ 10 a bottle.I paid the $ 30 thinking pharm grade justified the additional cost .
 lOOK CAREFULLY BEFORE ORDERING . THIS PRODUCT IS LISTED UNDER THE PRO 4X LABELING , BUT WHEN PLACED IN THE CART IT SHOWS AS THE NON-PRO 4X PRODUCT !
 It took me $ 39 plus $ 18 broker fee to ship this four 2oz bottle from the States to Canada . Way too expensive and does not make sense . Disappointed ...
 The Classic 76 appears to be a real solid clipper and is probably great for many hair cutting tasks . However , I purchased it for one very specific purpose and it did not measure up . I keep my head shaved clean and I want the closest cut I can get from a trimmer as my skalp is too sensitive for a blade or an electric face shaver . The reviews indicated that with the 00000 blade you will get the closest to a razor that you can get from a clipper/trimmer . Not so . I was disappointed . My Andis T Outlinner cuts much closer than the Oster Classic 76 . If you want a clean bald look then I would recommend the Andis T Outlinner over the classic 76 . I would suggest to Oster that they come out with a 000000 blade to accomodate those of us who are seeking a very close cut . As I said earlier , the Oster Classic 76 clipper is very solid and I would love to keep it if they make a closer blade for it .
 This is the first review I have written on Amazon , but I felt compelled to report my dissatisfaction with the Oster Classic 76 clippers and Oster 's customer service.I purchased the clippers on Amazon in December 2010 for $ 124.42 . Now thirteen months later , in January 2012 , the clippers have stopped working properly.The only way that the motor will turn on is if you hold the base of the cord near the plug at a crimped , 90-degree angle . My husband cuts his own hair and can not hold the plug in this jury-rigged position to operate clippers . We have maintained the clippers carefully , and they have been used only 6-7 times since being purchased . We tried plugging the clippers into many outlets in our home , but the same issues occur at each outlet . The cord or plug is clearly defective.I called Oster 's customer service number just now -LRB- 800-830-3678 -RRB- , and I left very frustrated . The woman on the phone had such a thick accent and poor English skills that I could barely understand what she was saying . The main points that I took from my phone call to Oster were
 THIS REVIEW IS FOR SOMEONE LOOKING FOR CLIPPERS TO SHAVE THEIR HEAD ONLY . This is not a comprehensive review on the overall usefulness of the Oster 76 ! I bought the Oster 76 clippers to shave my head . I shave my head about once/twice a week.Pros : - Cut well-Built well-Comes with 2 bladesCons : - THESE CLIPPERS HURT IF YOU ARE SHAVING YOUR HEAD-Get very hot when using-Have to shave very slowly to avoid cutting your self and or experiencing pain -LRB- not useful for someone who shaves head frequently -RRB- - Expensive-They do not glide smoothly-Clunky and awkward with a big grip-Are not battery operated ... plug in only . Not convenient for a quick grab and shave-No carrying case or any type of storage for that matterI found myself having to go over spots because the handle is awkward and the blade would stick to my head . My head was completely dry and I was n't doing anything out of my daily routine.Final verdict
 The problem I had with this product is that about after 15-20 minutes of use it got really hot , I 'm not sure if it was just the one I got or do they all do this but I have owned many clippers and never have had this happen . I guess I 'm just going to stick with buying Wahl brand clippers . I returned them and Amazon promptly refunded me . Kudos to Amazon , they get 5 stars .
 Speaking of expensive the Oster 76 clipper is just that . I 've had at least two pair of these clippers . One pair I took to a repair shop that went bankrupt and closed before I could get them back . This is a relevant point with regards to the overall appraisal of the Oster 76 hair clipper.The Oster 76 is an expensive option for a number of reasons . First off , the clipper itself retail for as high as $ 200 depending on the distributor . That 's just the beginning . Should you , as I did , opt to buy additional clipper blade attachments ; be prepared to spend $ 25 to $ 40 for each attachment . These attachments allow you to vary the length at which the hair is being cut by the Oster 76 clipper . Finally , unlike most magnetic clippers , the Oster 76 clipper has parts that wear with regular use and must be replaced
 I 'm really disappointed in these things . For that price , i was hoping for better ... my cordless oster does a way better job than these , it 's too bad that i broke of the 2 most important guards -LRB- # 1 and # 1.5 -RRB- for that one though .
 Upon minutes of use , the machine started making loud/odd noises . the strength of the motor frequently changes as it was running and at one point , the blade actually stopped moving . I have no clue if the product came to me broken , but I purchased it off amazon and it was brand new . Secondly , the machine gets extremely hot , to the point where I 'm scared of holding it.When I paid over 100 dollars for this , I expected perfection .
 I 've been using these for a few years and really do n't like them . They are extremely loud and get hot a bit to quick . I do n't recommend them especially when cost is considered . Mine for for sale and I 'm buying Andis .
 I had Andis -LRB- Master -RRB- with 15 watt motor but had difficulty clipping my son 's thick hair . I thought the 45 watt Oster classic 76 should have no trouble at all , NOT TRUE . The 45 watt Oster Classic 76 is not much better . I have tried several different makes and models but yet to find a good clipper .
 I bought this for all-head shaving , including beard . I do n't like spending time with wet shaving and normal dry beard shavers do n't work for me . I like to have the same hair length -LRB- as short/bald as possible -RRB- everywhere . No hair-salons , no wasted time , no fuss . Bought this as a replacement for Andis 04710 . Got the Oster in combination with the 00000 blade , as I thought it would be shorter than the Andis . It 's not . It 's also less convenient to shave as the Oster 76 is very big . The Andis is the best for fast short head and face shaving I 've come across , and it 's cheaper .
 i bought this crazy oster and its overheating all the time what a stupid product is this dont buy it ...
 We finally got around to using the clippers -LRB- unfortunately past the return date -RRB- and found that the # 000 blade that came with it does n't fit this product . This was confirmed by our local barber . What a rip off ! We specifically bought these for their close/bald shaving performance . Now we have to spend more money to buy the correct blade . What a hassle ! And to think , we spent $ 125 -LRB- with shipping -RRB- to still not be able to cut hair . What a shame !
 I have owned Oster products before and thought this would be a good buy . Unfortunately , when I tried to change the blade , it was difficult , if not , impossible to do . The instruction manual obviously does n't expect blade changes on the fly because there are no diagrams . I now have a product that is just sitting dismantled and have no way of getting it back together . I will be calling OsterPro and letting them know of my displeasure . For a product this expensive , the blades should change themselves . I am so disappointed .
 I really wanted to like this product but all it did was dry my son 's skin . Gave it a two because it smells really good .
 I always like to try crazy things and this is one of the craziest ! First of all this stuff is like talcom powder but BLACK so it goes EVERYWHERE !!!! When you use it your mouth , teeth and tongue are BLACK -LRB- my tongue for hours -RRB- and it seems to splash all over everything unlike white toothpaste for reasons I do n't understand . AND the SMELL ! This stuff smells different than anything we ever smelled and it carries all through the house and my daughter can not stand it . The thrill of using it wore off long ago !
 Mustela baby products tend to be seen as middle or upper - shelve european cosmetics . At least I have seen them that way . I have bought and use bunch of them before reading labels for the first time . This one could n't be labeled paraben-free and contain hydrogenated fat-if it 's bad for human beings , does it matter which way it get into our system ? And it is made for babies . I will not buy it again . One star for nice `` performance '' in the bathtub , my daughter enjoyed the great and long lasting foam and colour .
 I rated the product with 1 star but it does n't deserve even 1 ... This purchase was a waste of my money . The mask does n't conform to the face , is too heavy , and not comfortable . I DO NOT recommend it ... I wrote to the seller explaining the issue however was told it could not be returned .
 I bought this particular calibration weight due to the positive reviews . The weight came in good condition with no scratches , but it does not weigh exactly 100g . Mine came out to 100.15 g on a scale that is accurate .
 Did n't like the taste this left in my mouth , ended up not taking them , They could be put in something else to take , but did n't want to fool with that .
 This stuff messed with my hormones so that my poor husband did n't know what to expect ! We were trying for a girl , but SO not worth me crying alllll day every day !
 I order the product and oohing has come in the mail . My bank has already sent me my bill , where it says that they have already taken my money . -LRB- in other words , I have paid them . -RRB- But yet nothing has come through the mail . I ordered in April and we are now in June and nothing.I am highly disappointed ... I don not recommend no one buying from these people . .
 Mustela baby products tend to be seen as middle or upper - shelve european cosmetics . At least I have seen them that way . I have bought and use bunch of them before reading labels for the first time . This one could n't be labeled paraben-free and contain hydrogenated fat-if it 's bad for human beings , does it matter which way it get into our system ? And it is made for babies . I will not buy it again . One star for nice `` performance '' in the bathtub , my daughter enjoyed the great and long lasting foam and colour .
 I have hair to the nape of my neck and when I wear these glasses , ithey either compress my hair and I look goofy , or if I tuck the arms under my hair , it sticks up and I look goofier . These are great in theory , but they are probably best for those who have short hair or are bald .
 Clic glasses good in some aspects but for people with a little larger head the adjustable frames could use about an inch more , they are too tight on the head . People with a lot of hair or thick hair will experience the same problem , will not order any more until they adjust properly
 I wear a 73/8 hat and these will not fit , not even close . Seems that the manufacturer makes a `` long '' model also and recommend that is what I need . FYI
 These are too small for my head . I do n't know if they make a larger size but these things are too small . Yes these do adjust but they just do not adjust enough to fit me . So for kids or small heads they should work fine but since they do not fit me and no size options are offered ... . I have to give them a poor review .
 Let me start off by saying that I returned these ... and re-ordered the correct size for a man -LRB- XXL -RRB-
 I have seen and spoken to other people with this type of glasses who just loved them . I thought they would be the answer to the problem I have with constantly looking for my glasses . Due to the fact that I have long hair the glasses do not work as well for me . The strap is too short when not on my face which makes them a little too tight around my neck . If the strap were longer it would be too messy with my hair . I wear them under my hair so the longer strap would not work . I still would recommend these glasses for men or short haired women .
 I bought 2 pair of these and returned both . Cool looking but not on . They do n't work with long hair - duh . And my husband 's head is too big .
 The reviews are mixed ... some say they do n't fit , others say that they 're adjustable and those with problems just do n't know how to adjust them . I trusted the latter half and decided to try them , since those that liked them really liked them.I 'm 5 ' 9 '' and have an average-sized head . These barely adjust far enough that the neck loop does n't cause them to pull against my nose _ much _ . -LRB- And I know how to adjust them . -RRB- I have to be very careful when snapping the magnets together , because I have so little clearance that I get pinched by them if I 'm not.But the glasses touch my nose only on the bridge at one narrow point ... the sides do n't touch my nose at all , and after about ten minutes , my nose started to get sore . I need my reading glasses -LRB- I had stepped on my last pair -RRB- , so I kept wearing them until they gave me a headache , and my nose was still sore the next morning.I bought nose pads to cushion the bridge and they 're still uncomfortable ... the band does n't let them slide down past the bridge of my nose where the sides can rest on my nose , even with the additional thickness of the pads . They 're very heavy compared to any other glasses I 've owned , too , which adds to the discomfort.These glasses were a total waste of money . The problem is n't that some people ca n't figure out how to adjust them , the problem is that they were made only for people with small heads .
 I have 2 pairs of these type of reading glasses but I never thought I would have to return a pair . I got a pair for my husband and they fit too snug . I never thought to check his size before I ordered them.If they can make a size wider they would be a perfect fit . Otherwise they are great.CliC Adjustable Front Connect Reader , 1.50 Strength , Tortoise Frame
 I guess I expected the glasses used by the ME on CSI NY ... but the head band is HARD plastic and although the temples adjust , I could n't stand to have them on my head for more than a minute or so.Despite various attempts at adjustment , either the band was too tight or so loose that it popped the glasses off the bridge of my nose.I bought 3 pair and returned them to Amazon today , as ` quality not up to expectations ' and they paid for the return shipping . I 'll get a complete refund , thank goodness.These would have worked had the band been a LOT more flexible . I could n't even imagine trying to lie down to read in them . Now I know what kids who wore headgear with their braces must have felt.HIDEOUS , AVOID them unless you 're a complete masochist .
 ORDERED FROM AMAZON BUT NEVER RECEIVED THEM . OUT $ 57.00 I WANT BE ORDERING FROM AMAZON AGAIN .
 I do not have much trouble finding them but they are a pain to wear . I can never figure out if they should be above my hair or below . They are too snug they pinch my nose closed or if I make them longer , they balance an inch off my face and reading is a pain . I think the standard glasses chain with reading glasses is a better idea .
 These glasses fit around your neck fine , however putting them on is quite a challenge for me . The back of the glasses stick out on my head , they are way too large and they slip off.They look quite funny , I do n't use them at all .
 WARNING ! Though these glasses are advertised as `` Unisex , one size fits all '' , they are specifically designed with a permanent strap with extendable arms which allow for VERY LITTLE ADJUSTMENT . In my experience , even with the arms fully extended , the strap was simply too short for practical , comfortable use.Most people like to have enough `` slack '' in their reading glasses to put them low on the nose so as to peer OVER the glasses to see things far away , and look DOWN through the glasses for assistance in seeing things close up . The strap on these glasses holds them too tightly against the eyes to allow me to comfortably place he glasses low on the nose . They also , by virtue of their too-short-strap design , hang very close around the neck , which I also find uncomfortable.I am a medium size man 6 ' tall and 190 lbs . A large professional-athlete sized man might not be able to get these around his head at all.I will say the magnet concept is attractive -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , but I would recommend that unless you are a `` small '' person , you will likely be disappointed in these particular glasses . I gave mine to a diminutive girlfriend who , I hope , will be able to get use out of them .
 As many migraine sufferers will tell you - ice packs work wonders . Which is why I loved the idea of this pillow ... but the design was n't perfected.The Basics : - Pillow is too small , does n't sit well around my neck - Pillow is too firm , causes an aching neck - Ice pack is smaller than expected , does not reach full extent of migraines behind earsIn the end , save your money and keep using your ice packs withEagle Creek Travel Gear Comfort Travel Pillow !
 I 'm not a vegetarian and consume most of my essential amino acids via meat ... my wife does n't eat very much meat/chicken and usually falls far short of her daily needs . My mission is to find a protein powder that has what she needs , tastes good to her , and is n't full of fat and sugar.Her opinion is ... < drum roll > ... This product has little or no peanut butter flavor and tastes chalky . She does n't like it and so my search continues .
 I honestly could n't even drink a sip of this , so very bad . Im Happy i just bought THE small one and not the BIG one !!
 I use this product as a stylist . I give pedicures and this product is awful . The `` infrared heat '' is nothing more than a red light bulb that is only warm if you are about a centimeter away from it , but it is bright and is intrusive if you are trying to create a spa like experience . The replaceable foot pads come loose and float around . This does n't keep water warm even if you start with very hot water , by the end of a pedicure service on a client the water is ice cold . It is not easy to store and does n't hold very much water . Also the opening for the feet is strangely shaped and made it difficult when giving a pedicure and feet are moving in and out of the bath . I have given two pedicures with this product and will not give any more due to the low quality of this product , its embarrassing to use as a professional . Either spend more for a higher quality product , or find a similar product much * cheaper .
 I was not impressed with this hot spa . You could get the same treatment by soaking your feet in the bathtub . I would suggest spending a little more money to get a spa that has jets .
 This product is awful . It was poorly packaged and shipped . It does not keep the water warm as advertised even if you start with very hot water . The attachments vibrate lose and float around in the bath . The only thing it does do is vibrate and make a lot of noise . Yet one more piece of kaka made in China . When will we get smart and go back to making our own consumables ???
 Of what is this unit made ? Does n't say BPA-free . So this is likely toxic . That means one would be soaking one 's feet for health reasons in a toxic carcinogenic soup . Say No ! Write to the manufacturer or call them and ask for full disclosure.PLEASE RESEARCH THIS YOURSELF - FOR YOUR HEALTH & SAFETY!PSRe
 Does n't soften fabric and has absolutely zero smell when you take the laundry out of the dryer . Smells good in the bottle though . Save your money . Do n't buy
 I ordered these bars for my boyfriend and he wont touch them . They are chalky and the flavor isnt like other reviews said . Sorry !
 tastes great.I do n't have one on me now , but I was looking for something `` natural '' -LRB- i.e. no bloating/GI upsetting sugar alcohols to replace the sugars -RRB- , relatively low carb or low glycemic carb high protein bar . This bar had like 18 gm of fat per bar . 472 calories per bar . not really stated on the description when I looked . So , I do n't want to really eat them on our clean eating/p90x diet . I have found that the iss oh Yeah wafers , or Bionutrioinal 's wafers are goof choices.Cliff builder bars are higher calorie -LRB- 270 -RRB- with 20gms of mostly soy protein -LRB- not as bio available as whey -RRB- with low GI carbs , so also a good choice .
 I thought since the Chef Jay 's Trioplex cookies are so good I 'd give the bars a try . Bad idea . They taste terrible . I grabbed one to eat for breakfast in the car and I only took a second bite because I knew I 'd be starving later if I did n't . But I was seriously gagging a little before each bite . I threw most of it away . Awful . Just awful . Definitely sticking with the cookies .
 Strong chemical/perfume odor . My husband , son and I could n't stand it !! Very malodorous , will be returning and going back to Aveeno products or other .
 the seal was broken . the tube leaked . disappointed.the shampoo is the best product in the world . I would strongly suggest to everyone
 I love the lotion , but this wash does not smell good at all . I 'm surprised other ratings have n't said anything about it . I will stick to burt 's bees body wash , i love it 's scent and continue to buy mustela lotion .
 This wash is VERY perfumy ! It made my eyes burn just smelling it so I was not comfortable using it on my baby . The only reason I gave it one star is that it did seem effective to getting rid of cradle cap ... But I could not get over the smell ...
 I bought this b/c I heard good things about this brand . Too drying and overpriced . I do n't recommend it at all
 I was shocked to see Propylene Glycol in the ingredients . This is a cancer causing solvent that scientist Hulda Clark has found to be present in the majority of cancer patients . Propylene glycol is used in anti freeze for cars . According to the latest scientific studies , propylene glycol is as deadly as benzene and both solvents cause cancer even in small amounts . Unfortunately , scientists recent studies on the effects in the human body shows that propylene glycol builds up in the body even if ingested in very low quantities . The reason for the build up is that the liver takes five days to detoxify propylene glycol , after a person stops ingesting it . So , if someone is ingesting it on a daily basis , this burden on the liver allows propylene glycol to build up in the body to toxic levels . Also , the presence of this solvent burdens the liver so much that it can not rid the body of parasites . Many scientists believe this is a major cause of cancer ... parasites and solvents in the body.Update
 My medicine cabinet is full of Aura Cacia products , and I am especially fond of the Rose oils , so this bath product was irresistible to me . But I was very sadly disappointed because there was hardly any fragrance whatsoever . The other less `` precious '' bath salts from Aura Cacia , like the patchouli-orange , have a lasting scent for a true aromatherapy bath experience . But in this product , you can smell rose in the packet , however once it 's in the bath the aroma is gone.I will not be purchasing this again .
 I was very disappointed . These do NOT come with any handle as the picture advertises and no disclaimer such as `` Handle not included '' or `` Broom head only `` Who is to blame ??? This turned out NOT to be a good buy as I had purchased several for my company and now need to purchase handles for each.It just irks me to not get what is promoted ... I do n't do that to my customers , and I do n't do business a second time with those that do it to me!Fool me once ...
 The product is all right , but I did not get the benefit that I had hoped for . A stronger gel along with the messaging applicator would make this perfect .
 I did n't notice much of anything . I had high hopes but after finishing the bottle I ca n't say there was any change . I have taken other supplements like GABA where the effects are very apparent . With this one I might as well be eating M&M 's .
 I bought these because I have trouble concentrating and am unwilling to take prescription stimulants like Ritalin , Concerta , Adderall , etc. . I took them daily for a while and never found them to be much help , although I did find that they must be taken on an empty stomach to be effective . I would not buy or recommend these.For a similar effect without horse pills , try black coffee , green tea , and / or a low carb diet .
 Makes me nervous . Stopped taking it after one dose . Bought it based on Julia Ross 's book . But I realize that even though the combination of vitamins is excellent it does not work for everyone .
 this product has aspertane in it . . which wreaks havoc with a child that is ADD or ADHD . . so watch what you get ... seems we need to monitor everything now . . so , this is my worry now
 These pills made ZERO noticeable difference and I feel like I wasted my money . Two days after taking them I purchased some other pills called Focusyl , I recommend those ones instead if you are looking for something to help you focus .
 The btteries in the ophthalmoscope were rusty and old causing the whole inside of the equipment rusty and makes it disfunctional . This equipment should n't be sold as it is a damaged and useless pice .
 I was very disapointed in this product . The suction cup to hold up the product was too hard so did n't stick to the wall at all . The squegee left streeks in my shower door from the first uses . The stanless steel handel started to rust the first week .
 I had to send it back , it does n't do a good job at removing water from glass shower walls/doors . It was difficult to get it to be flat against the glass . I ordered it because I have another wider wonderful squeege from Interdesign but this one was nothing like that one !
 THIS IS COMMENTARY ABOUT THE COMPANY `` PINUP LIP BALM '' ONLY!This company does NOT respond to voicemails . This company does NOT respond to emails . This company does NOT respond to repeated attempts to contact them in ANY WAY . I have even gone to Oceanside , CA looking for them and have found their address to be nothing more than a mail drop.However , their product is very good . I placed an order with them about three years ago through Amazon but it was a real effort to get my merchandise . It took nearly three months and repeated calls before I received my order . Because their product was outstanding , I recently placed an order with them but received no acknowlegement of my order and no response on any level . I have tried to contact them by any means for several weeks now . Fortunately my credit card company is backing me up on all this otherwise I would be out real money.Know this
 I ordered a raspberry lip balm from Pin up Balm about 6 weeks ago . I received a note from Amazon about three weeks ago , saying my order had never shipped , and followed up with an email to Pin Up Balm . I was assured that my lip balm was being shipped that day , but that I was going to be given a refund because of the delay . It is now 6 weeks since I ordered the product and I have neither received the lip balm , a refund , or any other response from the additional two emails I have sent to Pin Up Balm trying to sort things out.Don ' t order from this vendor unless you enjoy throwing your money away for nothing !
 They are not 400 MG each tablet . It is 200 mg tablets and you need to take two to get a 400 mg dose . You can not see the mg per tablet on the bottle in the picture . Be careful .
 Grape Flavor is too weak and the Stevia is too sweet.I buy this brand of unflavored Stevia and I like it a lot , but this is n't a very good product.If you could add some more Grape Flavor it would work for me
 was not happy with this product . the flavor changed rather dramaticly after being mixed with bottled water and stored in a refrigirator for use the next day
 I love grape anything ! But this has such a strong aftertaste , that the grape flavor kind of disappears . I 've only put the drops in water to drink . I do n't know what else to do with it . I love the vanilla creme in my coffee !!
 These Sweetleaf `` flavored '' products are only for people who want something really sweet with just the very barest whiff of some flavor -LRB- you probably wo n't even be able to tell which one it is -RRB- . If you 're looking for a product that 's about half sweetness and half flavor , THIS IS N'T IT . I urge you to save your money and look for another solution .
 Howdy from Texas . I 've been using the Attends products for more than twenty years now and they have hit an all-new low as far as I 'm concerned . These briefs -LRB- diapers -RRB- used to be the pinnacle when it came to adult briefs and now they are worse than depend or any other store band for that mater.I can remember back in the late 80 's through the early 2000 's when you could go to the store and pickup a bag of these for less than 20 bucks and it would only take two per day for moderate to severe incontinent . When Paperback purchased the product line from P&G ; they continued to make the same product for a year or so and then they started making changes.The product is now very poorly made out of a cheap and very loud plastic backing and very thin , not nearly as absorbent as it wants was when made by P&G. ; When wet , the cotton material clumps and falls down between your legs and collects there until you change . This is all after the first wetting.The tapes do hold good but you 're unable to remove them without ripping the outer plastic . So once your have them on you have them on . If you are able to make it to the restroom , you will need to replace the garment with a new one because you have ripped the outer plastic and have rendered it useless.The absorbency is good for about one to two wettings depending on the amount . If it were a gusher , I would replace it just as soon as I can . Also you will get the smell that go 's along with a wet undergarment . There is no hiding the fact that you have yet yourself.Now for the worst part , the leg gathers on each side of the brief will continue to chafe until it causes a sore . So you will need to find another product to change back and forth so that it will not get so irritating that you can not stand to have the briefs on at all .
 It kind of worked but it was a paint to mount on my power chair . Probably works well on a standard wheel chair tho .
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 I poured this down a clogged drain , and guess what it did ? Nothing . Now that would n't be so bad , except it 's not good to have concentrated sulfuric acid just sitting in your pipes . This stuff is so toxic I had to fill the sink full of water to dilute it -LRB- meanwhile it 's smoking all over the place and emitting toxic fumes -RRB- , then neutralize it with two full boxes of baking soda before it stopped bubbling , then spend an hour carrying pails and dumping the stuff into my back yard . All in all it took about two hours to undo the damage this thing caused , and my drain is just as bad as ever .
 This one did n't work for me.I found the strips too small for the legs and too big for the other parts . I wo n't buy a product that says it 's for `` everything '' again.You get two towlettes , or you can use witch-hazel . Then you apply talc powder and you 're ready.For me this was less effective and more painful then other brands .
 I followed the direction to the T on this one , I even broke down and pulled out a ruler to make sure the hair length was correct . In the end , I was just sticky and still hairy as I only managed to pull out one hair .
 My initial feedback on this product was not good ... the measurements did n't match , the velcro straps were too short and kept catching on things etc. . Shortly after posting the review I received a request from the seller asking me to remove the feedback in exchange for a refund on the item.Guess they did n't want any negative info ... . I initially agreed , and did remove the feedback . But I 've had time to reconsider.I think this is not ethical practice.It bribes folks to mislead other customers . And if Amazon condones this type of , well , basically censorship they should be ashamed . So I will decline to return the item for refund and I will stick with my original opinion ... this item fits poorly , straps are too short and I would not recommend anyone buy it .
 Take your chances with this product -LRB- and for the most part , with many of the braces you buy online -RRB- . They tell you where to measure and then when you get the product you realize they are sometimes as much as 6-8 inches off . This product tells you to measure below the knee with leg slightly bent . And for a 3X it should be up to 23 '' YET the wrap itself fully extended at the knee is only 18 inches at the knee . COME ON . Do n't waste my time and money Swede-O . buyer beware -- make sure they have a good return policy .
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 I wanted to like this shaver , as I was looking for something different than the traditional Norelco rotary razors . It is well made , sounds like it has a well-built motor , and is submersible.However , this shaver does not give me a good shave ; it misses hairs . Maybe this is due to the fine beard I have , but my old Norelco never had that problem . Also , if I have more than a day 's growth , this shaver is useless .
 I was excited to get a new shaver and when it got to my house IT WAS BROKE . It held a charge for the for one shave and never recharged again . I was so pissed off that I threw it away . I ca n't say that the seller was bad because I did n't even attempt to return it and give them a chance to fix but point of story ... GARBAGE . Do not buy this razer
 Pros
 Just does n't shave well in or out of the shower . It did n't matter how much or how little shaving cream was used with this shaver , it just does n't work well .
 I read some reviews on how great this was and felt pretty good about the purchase . It turned out to be barely usable and time consuming to get even close to a decent shave.I would say that those who liked it must have just a little peach fuzz or something . It took about 15 minutes to shave my face and it still left behind long whiskers and missed patches . Do n't waste your time with this one and get something better .
 My Panasonic wet/dry ES4026NC has never charged for me . I 've never been able to shave with it . When I called the service center I was instructed to send it to Texas to subsequently receive a reconditioned model . I 've never created a review for any previous Amazon purchase ; this is my first . `` Dissatisfied in Grand Rapids Michigan ''
 Do not buy this product ! I bought it for my husband for Christmas and the first time he used it , it cut his face up all over and his face burned with razor burn for 2 days and is still hurting.At first , it did n't cut any hairs at all , so he tried to push it a little firmer on his skin and it totally tore into his skin . He looks like he was attacked by a bear .
 The worst shaver I have ever used , but I guess you get what you pay for . I bought this when it was on sale for $ 20 and was not impressed at all . The shaver misses a lot of hairs and does not cut close at all . I read that it takes some time to get used to the shaver but after over a month no change . I never tried the shaver wet because to me you might as well use a traditional blade razor . Stay away from this model and consider something a little more expensive , it is worth it in the long run .
 This shaver is not efficient , even for light facial hair . It takes twice as long as my $ 19 Remington XT100
 This shaver does not work ! Since my father is not able to shave the responsibility falls to me or my brother . We thought electric would be the way to go to avoid accidents with blades but we are back to using disposable shavers with much more success . We have tried on multiple occasions to use this shaver without removing any hair so we have given up . Not much to say on the positive side to balance this out since it simply does not work .
 I could n't work out why this shaver was n't making any headway on even quite short stubble . Then I realized that the screen holes are very small , only fractionally larger than my -LRB- admittedly thick -RRB- facial hair.Bottom line
 I ordered this shaver for my husband.He wanted something for a wet and dry shave.I do n't know much about shavers , but his dislike of this shaver was bad !!! It may work for some , but not for him .
 Pros
 this shaver is not worth a penny . for one thing it does not work unless you have a fine stubble and another you ca n't use it sometimes because it is cordless and is on the charger . such a crummy device over all
 I used the razor for one week , the instructions tell you to give it 30 days . The shave was well below average for closeness and comfort . If you are looking for an uncomfortable and stubbly shave , this is the product . I have sent the razor back to Panasonic .
 this shaver does n't shave and you have to shave it for 8 hours to sue it a little . every two days you have to change the blade . you have to keep scratching it against your skin to shave a little.DONT BUY IT !!
 First let me state that the shaver 's colors are nice , blue & yellow . That 's the positive - here are the negatives . Unless you have a very large space on your bathroom outlet , you will have to find another place to charge the unit . The charger plugs directly into the outlet and the shaver must sit on top of the base in order to charge - poor design.Now on to the shaving . I tried shaving my very fine leg hairs with the fully charged shaver and hardly any hairs were shaved . I am a woman and the exact same shaver is available in a ladies ' version in mauve , a color I did n't like . I tried the shaver dry and then also wet . Neither option produced anything resembling a shave.If you are looking for a shaver to shave hair and not just pretend to do so , try another brand.Update
 do not buy this unless u like throwing away money . i should have listened to the other bad reviews
 The only thing that happened with this electric razor was I got razor burn on my neck . No hair was cut at all !!!
 It is rechargeable and it works wet or dry . Thus the two stars ... but the accolades end there . I do n't have thick hair growth and yet I still have to go over my face many , many times to get all the hair cut . It does patchy work and is not smooth . Its cheap , yes , but when you have to run it over your face many times and end up sore because of it then the cheap is n't worthwhile any longer . Look elsewhere and save yourself the frustration .
 I purchased the shaver because of the high rating it got in consumer reports . I am no mountain man with a thick beard . But this shaver just does n't have enough power to do the job . I find myself having to shave 2X a day . If I let it go a full day , it ca n't shave the hairs . If I miss a day , I have to shave with a razor -LRB- or my old Remington shaver -RRB- .
 I do n't know if this is an issue with this particular product or with electric shavers in general , but it does a bad job if you have slightly longer hair . It works OK if you have smaller hair . I would n't bother wasting your money on it . Best thing to do is find a buddy who has an electric shaver and see if he 'll let you test it out . If you like how it works on your face you can buy one just like it . Otherwise , stick with regular razors .
 I purchased this razor on the strength of a positive Consumer Reports rating and many good comments from Amazon reviewers . My own experience was not so good . Even after going over my face numerous times , the razor left many whiskers untouched . It was especially unsatisfactory around the lips . But even on smooth expanses , such as my neck and cheeks , the Panasonic missed many hairs .
 It is very hard to get a decent cut with this machine.The feature wet/dry is ok ... . but the cut ... is really really poor.I wouldnt recommend this product.Hernan Rodriguez .
 I got this as a gold box deal and for $ 20 , it is ok . It does my cheeks fine . It does n't do my neck at all and only does the chin mediocre . I mostly use it dry and had an even more difficult time using it wet . I 've had to redo my neck with my Mach 3 frequently . It 's good on light , non-course hair that is n't too long .
 I bought this in desperation while traveling . I could not get this to shave one whisker . It 's really an amazing feat . Do Not Buy This Product.The sideburn trimmer works fine , so I give it one star .
 The unit is rated for wet or dry use , but beware . The charger hole in the bottom is NOT waterproof . This means you can use it with shaving cream or gel , and rinse the head , but do n't take it into the shower and let it get rained upon , and definitely do n't immerse it in water.Beyond that , I found that the unit really does not give a good shave . If I hit the edge of my mustache , the unit will tug or pull hairs as it strains . When staying clean-shaven , this will not get any closer than `` 5 O'Clock Shadow '' . As in , if I use a 3-blade disposable , then use the Panasonic at end of day , the Panasonic wo n't get any closer . I 've tried gel , cream , and dry . I 've tried going different directions , different angles , etc. . There 's just too much internal gap between the blades and the foil to get even a vaguely close shave with this.As such , I ca n't really recommend this . I mean , the price is good , but it just does n't do what it 's designed to do .
 I have read alot of review on this item so i decided to purchase it.I bought it in may 2010 and since i have recieve it i only used it twice because i am very disappointed . my problem is i dont get clean shave as the reviews state , when i used it some area of my face is clean while other ares still have hair.i am not happy and the only reason i dont return it is because of the distance i am.Very disappointed user
 I bought this Panasonic shaver based on the reviews on Amazon and was greatly disappointed.I tried it as a standard dry shaver and it kept missing hairs . I tried it as a wet shaver and I tried it with shaving cream but still got poor results . I ending up buying another shaver 2 weeks after buying the Panasonic because it was so bad.Now , after having it less than a year , the shaver will not charge and I have to throw it away at an electronic waste center.Do not waste you 're money on this piece of junk .
 Do n't buy it ! This is the worst electric razor I ever bought . It misses hair that is even the slightest bit long . It irritates the skin yet does not product a good shave . Buy some other razor ! I am throwing it away .
 This product was completely ineffective in shaving my face . In addition after I finished shaving I was left with cuts all over my face and a lot of remaining rubble that the shaver did not cut.Panasonic ES4026NC Pro Curve Rechargeable Double Blade Wet/Dry Men 's Shaver , Blue/Yellow
 Does n't shave properly . Leaves clumps of stubble on face . Have to work real hard to get a shave at all . Understandable why it is so cheap .
 I have used this shaver for several months - and it is a hassle to shave , it misses hairs and takes forever . Not recommended .
 Stay away from this if you do not want to have rash on your face.I am not sure how come this has 4 star review rating .
 Pros . Ergonomic design . Quite operation . Easy clean up with soap and water.Cons . No cord for shaving when the battery is dead . Inadequate performance for long bear growth or course beard hair.If you shave daily and do n't have course beard hair this shaver will likely be a keeper .
 My Remington rotary shavers are a few years old so I thought I 'd try something new . I 've used foil type electrics before and not been happy . This was the worst . If you do n't shave every day this is not the shaver for you in as it has difficulty with longer stubble . Also if you are used to any kind of rotary , you will probably find this very awkward to handle by comparison . My 5 year old Reminton gives a far closer shave .
 Bought this to replace my Braun shaver after I lost the charger . Feels cheap . It is very quiet but I guess that also makes me feel like it is not doing the job . Any hairs longer than a day or two growth does not get touched . Just not doing the trick for me . Wish I would have stuck with the Braun brand .
 This product came very adorable , working very well but for less than two months . It just stopped working and I could n't understand why .
 I purchased this shaver for Dad . He used a while and complained that it did a poor job . i returned it to the company .
 do n't waste your money . i bought it for my father who resides in a nursing home . aides tried it and i tried it . it 's a toy
 Needed a replacement for my cheapo Braun that lasted for more than 8ys but no longer held a charge . What a POS this is starting with the adapter to charge . Who came up with this design ? No indicator for fully charged or not . The cutting power is pathetic , I didnt think that is was fully charged the 1st time using . After a few weeks , tore the foil because I need to apply so much pressure to get a `` close '' shave . The replacement costs of the foil nearly as much as the shaver itself . No thanks . I spent a few more bucks and just got the Panasonic ES8103S Pro-Curve , far superior .
 Let me start by saying that I hate shaving . I think it 's the biggest waste of time a man -LRB- or a woman -RRB- has in his life . Having said that , unless you 're hairless , it 's usually inevitable and at some point you have to breakdown and do it.I ca n't say enough how disappointed and annoyed I 've been with the shavers on the market and the companies making them . Let 's be honest ... it 's a terrible scam , really . We get the `` convenience '' of cordless shavers that ironically do n't work with cords , just to have the cheap batteries die out in about a years worth of time . Let 's not kid ourselves ; this is on purpose , so we either a -RRB- buy another shaver or b -RRB- take it in for expensive service . Considering that most shavers already cost upwards of $ 50 , some up to $ 250 -LRB- unbelievable -RRB- , it 's , well , quite a scam . Why we keep buying into it and not take a stand I 'm not sure but that 's a whole different article.Having said that , my latest Braun 's battery once again , ironically , died out after a little over a year . I decided to try this shaver based on all the overwhelming reviews . I was a little skeptical about the 2 blade system versus three but took the plunge anyhow . The most I could lose was $ 30 so not a lot on the line.My conclusion is that it must depend how often you shave . Again , I hate shaving , and quite frankly I look better with a couple days of growth , so I only shave once or twice a week . If you 're like me , this probably is n't the shaver for you since it simply ca n't get hair off your face efficiently once it 's grown out a bit . I just shaved with it a little while ago and it took me 20 minutes , most of the battery life , mind you , and I still have stray hairs all over which I need to get with a regular razor , or play that little game where I find and then pluck them out.Perhaps if you shave daily this might be the `` dream '' shaver , especially because of the price . If you do n't , though , you get what you pay for here . I will say the Braun with the built in hair trimmer is much more efficient , that is , when it 's working and has a charge to it . On the positive side , I personally really like the small compact recharger on this shaver . I despise having these huge eyesores on my countertop , ala Braun 's self cleaning pods , something that also does n't easily fit anywhere in a normal sized bathroom . Another positive is how very light this shaver is . Highly impressive ! Lastly , due to the light weight and the small size , it is easy to shave around beard growth , that is , if you 're sculpting you 're own beard.Overall , I 'm giving this shaver a so-so review . Obviously , it works for some but really does n't for me . So , anyone want to buy a gently used shaver ?! I 'll give you a REALLY good price !
 I was a little upset about the product because consumer reports gave it such good reviews . I am not sure if it was my type of beard or what , but it didnt shave anything . Mayne it works with other hair types , but definately not coarse hair .
 I do n't know if its my hair or the machine is not strong enough but this does not work for me .
 Horrible Shave . Have been using electric for 10 + years , this is the worst shave I have had . 3 day growth ? Forget about it.Going back to my 3 head circular Norelco
 I 've found this to a pretty decent razor , it 'll get your skin pretty smooth pretty easily , and of course is a wet/dry razor which is always great.The only real downside I can find is that IT SUCKS if you have any kind of beard -LRB- especially w / coarse hair -RRB- I made the mistake of having a beard when I bought this razor and just spent 20-30 min + slowly shaving it off w / this thing.I say slowly mainly due to the fact that the trimmer was so weak it could n't really cut through my beards coarse hair w / out a million short passes , and also because it pulled at at least half the hairs it did catch/cut . So I could really only do a little bit at a time and then had to recover from the discomfort/pain . While I 'm thankfully done w / it , and I have found most of my chin pretty smooth after running over it w / the normal razor head after shaving the beard off . I do NOT want to have to go through that again , and if I grow a beard again at any point while I have this , I would really rather use a disposable or even a pair of garden shears as the easier and less painful option to this .
 I had n't used an electric razor for over twenty years so I thought maybe technology has improved and I would give this one a try , what a mistake!First the positive
 Got it for a teenager thinking it would work will with a fare amount of facial hair . Does not work well on fine hair and has to be repeated several times on coarse hair . Not a successful gift and the teenager was very disappointed . It is now in the back of the bathroom drawer .
 I bought this for my teenage son for Christmas . His facial hair is baby fine so I thought this would be a perfect razor to start with . Plus , the pricepoint was great.The razor did n't take any hair off of his face . We then tried it on my husband and it did n't work on him either.I 'm returning and will get him a different razor . In this instance , you get what you pay for .
 I 've had this for about three weeks now . I realize that it takes some time to `` train '' a new razor but this is getting ridiculous ! Sorry that I chose this one ...
 This electric razor does not shave anything , it just makes a lot of noise . I sent it back the same day I received it.You get what you pay for , and this is a cheap razor .
 The timmer gets clogged easily and the battery life is miserable , unless it 's just me not knowing how to probably charge machinery ...
 I have a light beard . This is without question the worst shaver I have ever used . The only use I would recommend it for , is as a play toy shaver for your 5 year old son - it has a neat yellow racing track on the shaver molding which looks nice and the shaver makes a buzzing sound and a little boy would like that - he could believe he was shaving just like Dad.I ca n't believe that Panasonic would put their brand name on this piece of junk . -LSB- ... -RSB- If there was a zero star ranking , it would get ZERO . It is not worth a single star.Now you know .
 It comes with everything you need ; it 's easy to use and gentle on the face . But , it does not give a close shave no matter how many times I go back and forth over areas . I feel like it leaves me with the equivalent of about 12 hours growth after a good close shave.I see that many reviewers have said that it does give a close shave - It must depend on what you 're used to . This was my first experience with an electric shaver . I normally use a 5 blade `` sensor '' hand held razor so maybe my idea of a close shave is different from what you look for in an electric model.Anyway , it is easy to use .
 I bought this from amazon a couple of years ago . Decided to throw it out at last today . The foil is thick and so the shaver misses hairs and also cuts very poorly . I have a Braun battery operated 17 dollar shaver which work ten times better .
 I bought this shaver to take on a trip to India . I REALLY liked the fact that it was battery powered . This part of the shaver works well ; the battery holds it 's charge well . Other than that , I was very disappointed in this shaver 's performance . Shaving dry , it always left stray whiskers standing that I had to cut with the side burn trimmer . I also attempted to shave wet as the manufacturer recommended , but this was even worse . Shaving wet nearly doubled the time it took for me to shave and again left stray whiskers . I purchased this to replace a Norelco three head electric razor that was over ten years old . I have since pulled it out , cleaned and oiled it , and have found that it STILL works better than this Panasonic . I have returned the Panasonic to Amazon for a refund .
 Shaving capability / closeness of shave - 2 starsShaver motor/power - 2 starsConvenience - 1 starThis shaver has a wall receptacle type of charger -LRB- no cord -RRB- making it impossible to shave with a cord . The shaver died after seven months .
 Buyer beware
 Takes 3 times as long to shave compared to my old one . Takes forever to get hair into the screen and for it to actually cut it . Go to the store and buy one then you can return it easily .
 I picked this up right before Christmas on sale . While I 'm sure it 's a capable razor for some men , if your beard is particularly thick , look elsewhere . Even after just a few days of growth , I found it unable to shave my beard sufficiently . The way I see it , when I have to go over my face with a regular razor after I 've used an electric razor , the razor become unnecessary . For people with thin/regular beards or more moderate growth who shave every single day -LRB- twice ? -RRB- , the Pro Curve would probably do a serviceable job , but it 's not a good match for me . It gets points for being usable in the shower , good battery life and having a pretty decent trimmer , but even at that it barely musters a two-star rating .
 This razor is ok for a 1 day growth of beard , but with 2-3 days of growth the razor does not cut very well . . I will keep it handy for short trips or for an emergency trim . .
 This shaver misses a lot of hairs on each pass , so you must go over each area several times . Even then , the shave is not very close . As a comparison , my Braun travel shaver cuts closer and quicker . The problem may just be the size and shape of the foil holes . Hard to complain too much as I paid only $ 30 , but I would n't recommend it . It is adequate as a back up shaver only , perhaps for your gym bag .
 I bought this for my boyfriend and the first time he tried to use it he got two huge nicks in his neck . He complains that its slow to shave with and hurts . He keeps trying to use it though . Last time he only got a small nick . A very disappointing buy .
 I received this shaver for my birthday , and I really hate it . The shave head works poorly , but really , the worst part of this product is the trimmer . It does n't do anything ! I mean , you feel it vibrate , so you know it 's working , but it 's the only clue you have . It combs your facial hair instead of shaving it . Since I always need to trim my sideburns and beard , this product really lets me down on this .
 This razor -LRB- Panasonic ES4026NC -RRB- was the best electric razor I ever had ... when it was new . It was light , quiet , easy to clean , held a charge for 5 days , and shaved quickly through a weekend 's worth of beard . It was better than my $ 100 Braun . Plus , it was $ 20 after the $ 10 mail in rebate.After just two months , though , the cutting capabilities greatly diminished . It made cutting/grinding noises , but needed multiple passes , where I had to push down to get it to shave . As everyone knows , multiple passes and pushing lead to skin irritation . It feels like the cutter is not as flush to the microscreen as it used to be . I tried reinserting the blades , but no difference . Also , the batteries are just NiCads -LRB- to keep the cost down -RRB- . Now , after 4 months , they barely hold 2 days worth of a charge.Overall
 I have tried it twice already Dry and Wet -LRB- with Shaving Gel -RRB- , and both shaves have been very painful . At this moment I have major skin burns and cuts on my chin . Had to go back and do the neckline using my conventional rajor . Its more like buying pain . . no matter how good a deal it is .
 I 've waited many , many years & have read many , many reviews , as well as as asking friends & family about which electric razor to purchase . After several recommendations I chose this razor . Much to my disappointment , the razor did not do the job AT ALL . Not only did it not shave my beard -LRB- which is not a tough beard -RRB- it CUT me ! Needless to say I 've returned the razor & am back to my $ 5 disposable !
 The shaver seems to have problems . It seems to pull hairs and hurts . I would not recommend unfortunately . Philips Norelco SensoTouch was far superior in its ability to cut close and feel comfortable . Recharging was easier before too with Norelco .
 The razor is attractive enough and solid , but it just does n't shave close enough to go out in public . I had a cheaper Panasonic razor that worked much better and have gone back to that one while I await a new , more expensive Norelco . Wish I could get my money back .
 This Shaver sucks . Did not do a good job on my face . Barely cut my hair . I guess it works in the shower , but then again ... it does n't really work .
 I used this 3 times and then put it in the drawer as a backup . Took it out a year later and it wo n't even charge . Another pile of crap I have wasted money on . It does n't cut that well either .
 Unit Die after 2nd charge - Battery Die - I researched and it show that this model battery has reach it end life . Wasted Money getting this unit .
 I have bought two of these for me and as gift . After using one for couple of days , returned the second one . Not good even for every day shave .
 It 's light and inexpensive . Not too good doing your beard . Good as a spare or for travel but I 'm not sure if it can be charged on 220-volt outlet . It is not marked on the charging base .
 This Panasonic shaver does n't perform as expected . This shaves partially not removing all the hairs and results with little scratchs on the face .
 i just shaved and thought it 's time to write a one star review for this little piece of **** . this is by far the worst shaver i have ever used . it is sooo annoying . i only shave every few days and this thing just ca n't handle stubble . and it takes forever . sometimes i am standing there for 10 or more minutes if i want all facial hair gone -LRB- and i do n't have that much -RRB- . it 's ridiculous.the side-shaver is useless because of the way it is designed . it easily folds back in when you use it , so you have to be careful and not apply too much pressure . why why why did they do this . what did they think !? every time i use it i condemn it and wish i had bought a different kind . shame on panasonic for putting this on the market . stick to your old one if it still works , it is definitely better than this one.i will destroy -LRB- ! -RRB- it as soon as i have a new one . and this time i 'll spend some more money . and i 'm done with panasonic . ugh
 The manafacturer tells the consumer to wait several weeks to become accustomed to this razor , however the blades of this shaver tore up my neck and I was very uncomfortable until I stopped using the razor .
 I 've been using foil shavers for about 20 years and have used Braun & Panasonic exclusively . This Panasonic shaver is the worst foil shaver I 've ever used , I ca n't get a close shave using it wet or dry . Complete waste of money .
 THIS RAZOR IS NO BETTER THAN MY OLD REMINGTON . IT GIVES A TERRIBLE SHAVE . I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE . NOT EVEN WORTH THE REDUCED PRICE . DO N'T BUY IT .
 This razor is the worse one I have ever owned , -LRB- ES4026 Panasonic -RRB- . I also had an el cheapo Panasonic prior to this one . It worked ok for a while , but wore out also . Anyway , I am trying another brand now . -LRB- Another el cheapo but it can not be ny worse than this one -RRB- for sure . Branded
 The reviews for this shaver seem to be all over the place - some real high 4-5 stars , and some blistering 1 stars . I 've had this shaver for almost a year , been debating whether or not I should write up a review , and it was n't until it crapped out that I finally decided , yeah , put some thoughts down from someone who has had it , and is moving on : After having a number of electric shavers over the years , I saw this on sale at Best Buy for $ 20 . A true wet/dry shaver ; something I always wanted - a shaver I could use in the shower , as well as out . Well , I have to say , it really does not work -LRB- for ME -RRB- out of the shower . And I found I needed more than being just `` wet '' using it in the shower . If I did n't use soap on my face as a lubricant , it was borderline painful to use in the shower . But , using it with my face lathered with soap , it worked very well . A nice close shave , closer than a blade.But the close shave could only be obtained if I shaved EVERY DAY at the SAME TIME . If I waited even a few hours past 24 , then blades could not handle the longer whiskers . I would end up using a double edge razor to get the substantial amount of whiskers left behind.Further problems were that the razor could not hold enough charge to do more than 6-7 shaves . Not a problem , I just got into the habit of plugging it in every Sunday , ready to go Monday . But think about it , as an example , if this shaver held enough to do 7 3-5 minute shaves , for an average of 4 minutes , a total of 28 minutes of shaving time per charge cycle . Extending that by just a minute more cuts it down to 6 days ; 2 minutes extra minute 4-5 days . And now it becomes a pain - not being able to get a full week of shaving . And any vacation you HAVE TO bring the charger . A pain.Finally , either the razor stopped taking a charge , or the charger stopped charging . It would charge erratically , not getting a full charge even overnight , barely charging enough for a single day 's shave , until finally , it would not take a charge anymore.So , what did I learn from my experience ? It was a nice little shaver , but not cut out for everyday use . It was far too harsh for dry shaving , and was incapable of handling a slightly over 1 days growth . I still liked the wet/dry concept , so went looking for a replacement and found the Panasonic ES7103K.Panasonic ES7103K Pro-Curve Wet/Dry Triple Head Shaver , BlackMy results with this shaver are much more favorable - very capable of wet AND dry shaving ; it 's going on three weeks on one charger ; cleans up nicely . All in all , a much better everyday shaver.So , I was originally going to give it 3 stars , but knocked it down 1 for dying on me less than a year after purchase . If you need a nice travel shaver , larger and more sturdy than the tiny little travel shavers , and would like to shaver in the shower , this is it . Definitely NOT ready for everyday use .
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 This product is a waste of money . It dose n't do what it say and it is not worth your money .
 did not work for me at all . It was too soft to get hold to the lens . i will keep tryng to find the right thing for me .
 The product got to me very fast , and was as described . I have a very hard time taking my contacts out so I ordered 3 types of available removers . I am still trying to get the hang of using it , I wish it was a little more rigid . I prefer the Lobob Soft Contact Insertion/Removal Kit for removing my contacts . I never had problems putting them in so I ca n't evaluate that .
 They are really quite useless and ridiculously cheaply made . They look like they could be scrap rubber from a pair of flipflops . They do n't seem able to pick up anything , because the edges are way too thick and rubbery to grip anything as thin and delicate as a contact lens . I bought this not because I had a fear of using my fingers , but because I needed an alternative way of putting in my contacts in , in situations where my hands were not the cleanest . It 's a huge disappointment and I would n't recommend purchasing it . It currently sits in my bathroom and decorates front of my sink mirror .
 Turns out with a little practice there was no need for this little device . Never was able to make it work to remove lenses , and using it to insert lenses was n't any easier than without it . It may be handy for some , but for me it 's taken up residence in the closet .
 If you are getting this tool because you are having trouble getting your contact out -LRB- like I was -RRB- then forget about it . You will get just as much headache if not worse , and you lost your money.If you are one of those people having trouble getting your contacts out , this tool wo n't help . In some ways it is actually worse than using your hand , because there is no tactile feedback , so you lose force feedback and finesse of grip . Several dozen times I felt the contact coming almost out , only to have the rubber gripper lose the grip and have the contact slide right back in , at least with my fingers this never happened . So this tools is counter productive and wastes more time and makes it more frustration . No matter how you slice it , the tool has no gripping ability at all ... Now if you were one of those people that have no issues getting contacts out , then you would n't be needing this in the first place . So no matter how you put it , this crap ai n't working . I would give this product negative five stars if I could .
 I could not get the DMV soft Lens Handler to work at all . Do n't know why ; sparce instructions .
 This product is good for putting contacts in but not for removing . I would like my money back but that 's not a sanitary thing to do .
 This did n't work for me whatsoever!I tried and tried and tried and all I ended up doing was ripping a new contact and severely irritating my eye .
 Gave it to my son who is new to wearing contacts . He said it was unusable . I cleaned it and tried it myself and managed to use it but it really is n't anything to get excited about . I can insert and remove my lenses with clean fingers easier .
 I tried this with two different brands of contact lenses . Gave it multiple tries on multiple days . I could not get the contacts to come out , which is what I wanted it for . When I asked to return it they would not approve it-they suggested I get another , Why would I want two that do n't work ? Do n't waste your money .
 I have been using various forms of contacts for 20 years . Currently into disposable daily type lenses , which are sometimes not easy to remove . I had hoped this product would facilitate it , but sadly disappointed . It just can not grab the lens at all . Maybe it is just me , but trying this 3-4 times on separate occasions did n't produce any benefit . I am better off trimming fingernails and just squeezing contact with fingers without touching eyeball if possible . Usually successful this way after 1-2 tries . In no way is this any better at insertion than just my fingertip .
 I purchased it because it was inexpensive . I suppose that 's what convinces most people and that 's how they make money . However it just does n't work.I only used the product to take out my soft contacts , not to put them in , so I am not commenting on its insertion capability . I tried using this over a two week period and simply could not get the hang of it . I would pinch the contact and rarely would the contact usually left my eye -LRB- but not always -RRB- . When it did manage to remove the lens it slipped off and fell . Not good because I do this in the mirror over the sink . It just does n't seem to hold the lens . It seems that it is so soft that you can not squeeze hard enough to keep the lens on it.I did learn one thing by using this -LRB- and another cheap product -RRB- and that is you simply remove the lens by placing the thumb -LRB- of the hand on that side of the eye , left eye , left hand -RRB- on one side of the lens and the index finger on the other side of the lens . Sweeping the index finger towards the thumb will cause the lens to fold in half and it will be pinched between the two fingers and thus the lens will come away from the eye . You can also sweep the lens to the outer corner of the eye and then grab it there.Another trick is to take the opposite hand , reach over your head to the opposite eye , and pull the eye lid up -LRB- right hand , left eye -RRB- . Use the fourth finger on the hand you are using to remove the lens -LRB- left hand , left eye -RRB- to pull the lower lid down . This exposes a large portion of the eye thus allowing your thumb and index finger to do their job . Use the same technique to insert the lens but this time just use the tip of the index finger to balance the lens and then move it slowly onto the eye . I have to mentally prepare myself just prior to putting the lens against my eye because I naturally want to shut my eye while I 'm doing it . That 's also why it helps to use the opposite hand to pull the eyelid up and the fourth finger to pull the lower lid down.An excellent instructional video is available at
 Those for whom this item works , and those for whom it does not . Unfortunately , I fell into the latter . I was very hopeful , after reading some of the positive reviews , that this gadget would be the answer to my prayers and help me remove my soft lenses . I hoped the rough texture would grasp the lens surface and allow it to be creased and lifted off the eye.It takes me a long time to get my lenses out , and repeated attempts always leave my eyes red and irritated to the point that I just do n't wear the lenses often.This device is a soft , rubbery forceps that theoretically grasps the lens to lift it away from the surface of the eye . I 've tried it a few times with NO success whatsoever.It 's constructed with the ends tapering out , so the opening is wider toward the outer tips closest to the eye . I ca n't see how the device could possibly grasp and hold the lens . The inner edges , away from the lens , will come together before the outer edge touching the lens ever will.After many tries , and making my eye just as sore as any other technique I 've tried - but with even less success , I 'm sorry to have to say that in my own experience , this , unfortunately , was a complete waste of money , rubber , and the energy required to package and ship it to my door . : - -LRB-
 i 'd had troubles getting my contacts out & thought i 'd give this a try . turns out , you 're just better off figuring out a good way to get them out with your fingers as i think this was actually MORE difficult . it really offers nothing that makes it easier . the only time i can see it being useful is perhaps if you have gargantuan fingernails that you absolutely can not workout getting contacts out with them -LRB- mine are long , but i use them nonetheless -RRB- .
 Maybe it 's just me but I had trouble manipulating the handler to grip onto my contact lens properly . When I try using it to take the lens off it slips off and does n't ` concave ' to grip the lens . It 's a disappointment .
 I purchased this item to see if it would make things easier in removing soft lens . First off , the product is definitely soft so you are not sticking something hard like plastic into your eye . However , I found the item to be basically useless as a removal tool . The problem is that if you use one hand or a couple of finger tips to hold one of your eyelids out of the way -LRB- either up or down -RRB- and then try to use the Soft Lens Handler , you have to grip it so close to the end where the `` pinchers '' move to grab the lens , that you have now pretty much blocked any view that you have of your eye if you are using a mirror . Without being able to see what you are doing makes removal very difficult if not impossible . I guess if you are someone who can stick things in and out of your eye without using a miirror you might have better success than I did . At least it was cheap and since I bought it along with the Lensvue 2 inserter -LRB- which works great as an inserter -RRB- , I did n't waste much money giving it a try .
 I could n't get my soft contacts out of my eyes for 30 minutes , my eyes were blood red trying so hardI got on the computer and found the DMV soft contact Handler , I thought it was my only hope.I finally got them in the mail , tried them , and tried them , and tried them , they are so soft the removal is totally awful , it will not pinch the contact , and I 'm so upset . Guess it is back to using the fingers.Don ' t waste time and money on this.Sorry for the bad review , but it is my experience with it .
 Are you having difficulty inserting or removing your contact lenses ? Do you wish you could more efficiently poke your way to blindness or at least conjunctivitis ? Why not try this handy device ? It 's larger and less dexterous than the tip of your finger , but wait , that 's not all ! Due to the lack of nerve endings , you 'll receive , at no additional cost , absolutely no feedback from what you 're doing ! Go ahead , just jab it in there ! Act now and we 'll throw in cheap , shoddy material your contacts ca n't possibly stick to !
 Yes it is cheap . Judging by the reviews , many are happy . As for me , it was a foul smelling useless piece of a tool ...
 It simply does not work . It has a hard time grabbing onto the lens and the other side has a hard time of sticking to the lens . I tried doing this 10 times then threw it in the trash .
 I was having difficulty removing my soft contacts so I ordered this - total waste of money . I tried for 10 minutes and gave up - it will not grip the contact lens no matter what I do . I also tried it for insertion , but the contact lens just stuck to it instead of my eyeball . I 'm frustrated that I wasted time and money on this product . Do not bother with this .
 I ca n't say much about this product other than to recommend that you not waste your money . It 's a flimsy little tool that never worked for me . The price is also a big rip-off ! It 's a small little piece of foam rubber !
 I can see why this should work . It 's soft , supple and makes it unnecessary to actually touch your eyeball with your finger . However , I only tried it a few times , but was never able to get the soft contact out of my eye with it . In all fairness , I only tried it for about 20 minutes , then just went back to my finger and finally was able to slide the contacts down and pull them out . As time goes by , I find it easier and easier to use my finger , which is somehing I thought I would never be able to do . What I need is a tool of some type to be able to tell if the contact is inside out . That is another thing all together though , but for this review , for me it just did not help at all .
 This is a small piece of junk but soft and cheap :-RRB- if that counts for something . This device is not functional and the picture that you see is not the device you will get from any angle . Even if you look at the device non grab the lense with the smaller end as it is shown in the main picture . Thanks god , I only lost 6 bucks . Think twice before you make the seller $ 6 richer .
 This product seemed like a great idea , though when I tried to use it I could n't get it to work for me ... perhaps I was n't persistent enough , but now I 'm just fine with using my fingers to remove my contacts ...
 In theory , the design is not bad , but because the silicone is so pliable and my contacts fit in my eyes like suction cups -LRB- even after drops - they do slide easily , just wo n't let go -RRB- , I can not get enough pressure to remove them easily . Also , you need to have your fingers so close to the ends of the tweezer-like end so that it does not bend -LRB- i.e. it is too pliable/soft and contorts -RRB- that you practically have to touch your eye . Therefore , it is NOT good for people with longer nails . It is also very small which would n't help if you have larger fingers . I have very small hands and fingers , and have cut my nails short and still have difficulty . Please see my product pictures . For reference , my ring finger is size 4 . I hope this was helpful to you . I definitely would NOT recommend this item .
 I bought this product with the hope that I could get my soft contact lenses in and out of my eyes faster , but to my great disappointment , it does n't work for me at all . Now I have learned the real technique of inserting and removing my soft contact lenses with ease & comfort , so this `` gadget '' has landed in the trash can -LRB- good riddance -RRB- !
 Absolutely useless ! I have long nails and I am doing a better job using my fingers than this useless piece of trash !
 This product is useless for removing a soft lens . After 3 weeks of trying , I may have been successful twice . Total waste of money . Plus , when I emailed the company for assistance , they never answered .
 I had a fear of touching my eyes after first getting my contacts . After taking two and a half hours to take them out one night I decided to break down and get this . -LRB- The price was around 8 dollars when I got it -RRB- It did n't really do much , I could never get a good grip on my contact lens with it and had to resort to pinching with my fingers . -LRB- Got over my fear of touching my eyes by just doing it once an hour with no contacts in -RRB- The only reason I can see someone using this if if they have long fingernails . It also seems like using this would reduce tearing on contacts . It 's just too much of a hassle to use .
 I used the product on a combination of hard and soft lenses . I found it was not effective for me . I never got the product to work and the return policy only is covered if the product is not opened . So how do you try it if you do not open it ?
 For the right person these probably work great , but much to my dissmay it made it even more difficult to put in my contacts . But I am sure the right person who is not as clumsly as me would do much better .
 Sadly this product did not work for me at all . After eye issues I have had to switch to daily disposables . I have had a great deal of difficulty in removing them . I was hoping this would help . However , I have never been successful in removing them with this tool . Maybe others will have more luck . For the price I thought it was worth a try . It works well for inserting contacts if you have issues with that but that is not my problem , only removing them .
 This was by far the worst purchase i have ever made first of all it looks nothing like what is in the picture it looks like a mini orange toilet plunger for hard contacts -LRB- i wear soft -RRB- ! no gripper pads to remove the contact just a mini suction cup that when applied to the contact to remove it , it suctions to the eye and if not carful could cause muscle damage because it wont let go of your eye !!!!!!! do not purchase
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 This smells wonderful , but it does n't last . Plus my underarms were sticky after I aplied it untill it stoped working.It would work better if it was a roll on .
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 The mini massager does a poor job . The four `` fingers '' are spaced to far apart to target the muscle group my wife wants to target . You can not put ANY pressure on the mini massager to target muscles then it will stop working . It does very little massaging .
 This aftershave is just lotion . Nothing great . It does n't irritate but it also does n't smell wonderfully . I will not buy it again . -LRB- shipping was fast -RRB-
 I do n't know if it was just because they were n't a good fit for my feet or what , but these things damaged the arches of my feet and I began to develop plantar fascitis . At first I thought it was my boots , but after removing these insoles and putting the cheap insoles back in my feet began to heal . I would strongly recommend against buying these . Go with Superfeet instead .
 My wife swears by these inserts and wo n't use anything else . I think they 're overpriced junk , but since some holistic doctor -LRB- if you can really call a chiropractor a doctor -RRB- introduced her to them , she now thinks they 're the world 's greatest insoles ... Personally , I 'd just stick with the Dr. Scholl 's that you can buy almost any store for about half the price . But , what do I know ?
 i did not buy these but did two other spenco inserts . and this is what was at issue with each of them ... and if it with two others then is it with these as well ... this is what happened with the two i bought . . the intense chemical smell was strong enough for our mail carrier to comment , what was in the box . we opened the amazon box and WHEW ... such an ultra strong chemical smell . i have smelt the same in other items originating from china , where these inserts are made.i set them outside the house as they make the house reek . by morning they still were horrible in smell.i called spenco and while the rep was nice , the quality control person could have cared less . his attitude was the smell will go away . WHEN ? , i wonder what the chemicals in the ahhesive were and what effcet they would take ona person 's health . even after a long time IF the smell were to go away , would these chemicals remain and cause health issues.i have gone thru stage 4 cancer treatment and want no more of that . that is the worse pain i have ever gone thru and i am a tough sonofabitch . that i lived is owing to my toughness . but cancer is scary . and if these can in any way be a cause , then i want no part and take this time to warn you of your choices in this item.it may well do what it says , i will not know because i will NOT even slightly take THAT RISK.i was disappointed in spenco 's attitude about this issue . oh they would have taken them back -LRB- at my expense -RRB- BUT that was not my issue nor the issue at hand . safety is the issue , and they were not concerned about that . yep , just let them air out and all will be ok . NOT !!
 Not sure why these did not work well for me , given the great reviews by others . In my opinion , these are too soft to be useful . You need something hard to support your arch , in order to take some burden off the heel.Also , because these are so soft , hard to swap between shoes .
 I read all the positive reviews online and even contacted the seller prior to making a purchase , these were terrible.First they did not fit my size 9 shoe and I had to cut them down to sizeSecondly the killed my feet.These insoles were hard and made my feet hurt worse than just the shoes alone.I am sad that they did n't offer any suport and dug into the inside of my foot on the right size , these caused me pain like I had never experienced before.The customer service for the seller was great and shipping was fast , but the insoles did not live up to my expectations .
 The heel part is great but the rest is too thin . It actually makes the rest of my foot hurt more since the heel is cushioned and the rest is not while I walk.I had bought several pairs from Footlocker through the years and had hoped these were the same -LRB- certainly look identical -RRB- . But they were a waste of money .
 Bigger than expected , not easy to change from shoe to shoe . I had to trim them , and I ended buying Profoot Plantar Fasciitis , Women which I loved .
 These felt great at the start , but the foam started crumbling after only a couple of weeks . I wish they were more durable .
 I ordered these insoles for my casual shoes . They are useless as they are very thick and my foot is almost sticking out of the shoe . I can not use them and can not return even as i have cut them to fit into my shoe . Waste of money
 I do n't know if it was just because they were n't a good fit for my feet or what , but these things damaged the arches of my feet and I began to develop plantar fascitis . At first I thought it was my boots , but after removing these insoles and putting the cheap insoles back in my feet began to heal . I would strongly recommend against buying these . Go with Superfeet instead .
 Maybe I 'm the odd guy out here , but it feels like there is a lump in the heel where the black circle is . Hurt 's my heel and makes these unusable for me . I have an old pair of Spenco inserts I have been using for many years that are very comfortable . I tried to replace them with these , but not the same thing .
 These insoles were comfortable at first but after a little bit of wear , I noticed my arches were aching and the insoles squeaked . After looking at the bottom of the insoles I realized why both things were happening.First , the insoles are unbalanced . In other words , the bottom of the insoles are not one flat piece but rather a couple of raised ridges . Unfortunately , the company was not smart enough to put enough ridges near the arch part of the insole and a result the insoles are uneven . In short , your foot will turn inwards as a result of the uneveniness of the insole and your arches will ache.As far as why the insoles make a squeaking noise , it stems from the same problem . Since the bottom of the insoles are not one flat piece and just a few raised ridges , air gets trapped in between the ridges so it creates air pockets . As soon as you walk it forces the air out of the air pockets which creates a `` gas-like '' noise , which is quite annoying !
 I have a very high arch and these still hit my arch causing pain in my foot . The heal cup is also very high , and pushed my foot to the wrong place in my shoes . Just did not work ! Had to go back .
 I have a very high arch and these still hit my arch causing pain in my foot . The heal cup is also very high , and pushed my foot to the wrong place in my shoes . Just did not work ! Had to go back .
 I have worn these Spenco Cross Trainer inserts for years ; but this time when I ordered new ones , I was disappointed . The first time I wore them , it felt like my sock was wrinked under my foot . I removed the inserts and noticed that they are made now with an extra piece of foam glued on the toe part . This extends up over the yellow section and creates a hump under your foot . I had to try to peel this section off . I had purchased three pairs and this was very trying . The Spenco Company should have left a good product along . I will NOT be purchasing these anymore , unless they change them back to the way they once were made !!
 I 'm sure these are comfortable , but I ca n't tell because I ca n't use them with my shoes . They are just way too thick . I can barely fit my feet and these insoles into the shoe at the same time . It 's so tight a fit that it actually makes wearing the shoes more uncomfortable . I seriously fear that my shoes might rip . I realize that they 're cross trainer insoles , but they still should n't take up this much room in the shoe . I do n't know , maybe I have uber thick feet . But I 've used insoles before , and although they did make the fit tighter , they were nowhere near as bad as these .
 I have to walk a considerable amount on 12 hour shifts where I work . I had worn through the inserts of my work shoes so bought a set of these Spenco inserts at a local shoe store paying close to $ 30 . They were so uncomfortable ! The arch was in the wrong location and the contoured heel was too narrow . Though I had to shorten the length of the inserts to fit into my shoes the proximity of the arch to the heel and the narrow heel seem made for a smaller foot . According to the size chart on the box they should have tended to be too large , not too small , since my foot size was at the low end of the range specified on the box.I had to suffer through one day at work with them on and was in such misery when I got home that I angrily threw them into the trash . I 've since bought a set of cheep inserts from the local drug store for $ 3 and am much happier with them than I was with the Spenco product .
 They seem to be well-made and cushioning . However , the heel area is so thick , they push my foot out of the shoe . If you need a lift , these would work for you .
 The product is repackaged and did not work properly . It did not have a new spring and popped out of the shaver after a few days . Not worth even trying this product .
 After just two weeks of use the foil screen started wearing through and having sections of it fall off . When these arrived they were n't in the usual Remington bubble pack . They came in a small cheap unlabled white card board box . These are not the quality of the original Remington bubble pack items . I 'm switching back to the origianl item I 've used for years without problem . It 's not worth the 2 bucks I saved buying this item .
 i 'm very disappointed in this product . to others ... . do n't buy . after several shaves , the foil was full of holes . i have been using this system for years and this was the worst experience yet .
 Two weeks into using this product the foil broke on one side . Not just a small break but a big one . So now I have to use one side . I used the previous foil for a long time . Would not buy from this vendor again . Very cheap workmanship .
 Item arrived quickly.All parts were packaged well and were in good shape.Unfortunately , my 4 year old screen and cutter actually cuts closer than does the new one . There seems to be a miss match between the cutter and the screen because the screen gets hot after a few minutes of use .
 Looks good in the Amazon pic and description , but it just is n't a good fit . The poor fit means it causes the razor to be very noise and the shave is n't as close as it should be . It 's a big waste of money to purchase this product . Buy a different razor ... that 's my next move .
 Product was NOT in original packaging and does not fit the razor as promised . I recommend that you do n't waste time with this product .
 I just received this replacement screen and cutter for my DA-306 razor . First of all it did not comewith a spring which used to be in the new replacement kit . The double screen had one side higher than the otherwhich seemed odd , and it did not snap into the head firmly . The cutting blade appeared tobe the same as the one I took out , but when I put it in I noticed that the mounting hole in the center was slightly larger than the one I took out , thus making the blade sit lopsided when installed . The shaver also seemed louder than before and the shave closness was as bad as the old one . $ 23 wasted . I 'll bet these new parts are not made by Remington!The speed of shipping however was good.Don ' t waste your time & money on these parts . You can almost buy a new razor for the same cost !!!!
 The Cutter Wore A Hole In The Screen After About 3 Shaves . So Stick With TheGenuine Remington Parts . They Cost A Little Bit More , But They Last A WholeLot Longer , And They Work Much Better Too ! Check Overstock Or Drugstore.ComFor Genuine Remington Parts . Their Prices Are Good .
 Do not buy this product ! You will not get what the seller describes ! I own the Remington DA 307 Model shaver that requires the SP-62 replacement foils and cutter . I have only had to replace the factory coils once in six years , which clearly shows that the factory Remington parts are quality in nature . When I ordered replacement parts two years ago , they came in factory packaging and lasted for the next two years until now . More durable quality ! This is the second set of replacement parts I 've had to order and was highly disappointed when my order arrived . When I received this order , it was not even in factory packaging ; the cutter was in a small zip lock bag and the foils in a small box . First , the foils seemed highly fragile and thinner than my previous foils . The cutter did not even attach to the agitator head in the shaver mechanism ; the mounting hole in the cutter was larger than the agitator . This is clearly not the accurate part for this model as stated in the seller 's description . This order also did not include the agitator head spring , as I received in the sealed packaging of factory parts two years ago . I had to pay postage to return this to the seller , and then only was refunded $ 20 of the $ 22 price -LRB- I also lost the original $ 1.31 in taxes as well . -RRB- So , it ended up costing me around five dollars total in the return of this sub-par product to this seller . I will have to find another seller to order a new set of replacement parts now . Highly disappointed in this transaction . ~ Jason Spurgeon -LRB- husband of Amazon member , Rachael -RRB-
 I bought a replacement blade for my Remington SP 62 shaver . When the new blade was installed , it worked fine for a few days . Then it popped off every time I would remove the cover to clean the head . I have another Remington of the same model and it does n't stay put on that one either . The old blades that I am trying to replace will still work . The new blade just pops off and is unusable .
 Cutterhead did not properly lock on agitator arm . Inv.N0. :102 -4685293 -6836211 In comparison my old cutterhead did lock on.I returned cutterhead for exchange.Did get reply from sender , stating thats all they have.After receiving returned item they will refund.I am still waiting for another e-mail from sender
 I bought this as a replacement for my DA 307 , and holes started to appear on the screen only after a few uses . The packaging was not even original .
 There seems to be two different kinds of SP-62 cutters . The newer type -LRB- with the SAME ID number -RRB- cuts holes in the expensive foil . I bought one of EACH -LRB- carefully using the illustration as my guide -RRB- but instead of receiving two different ones , I was sent two of the SAME ones , and my razor was ruined . THE SMALL PARTS WERE NOT PACKED ! They were just thrown into the box and allowed to rattle around for two weeks in transit .
 After I got over the company trying to give me only one set when I ordered and paid for two , this was the only good thing to say . One set barely lasted a month before wearing a hole in the screen and the other got dull in less than three months . OEM guarantees a life of 9-12 months when used daily . Need I say more ?
 I found the blade to be very dull . Instead of easily cutting , I 've had to push very hard to shave of any whiskers . I had to buy a different razor . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I bought this for my 97 year old , 130 lb grandmother . We used it twice , on a living room chair and it broke . It appears if the weight of the person is not exactly centered on the seat it upsets its balance and it does n't lift properly and breaks its mechanism .
 I would not recommend this unit . It 's operation is loud , and it is so efficient that you ca n't put it on for more than 60 seconds or so . Save your money and use some other sort of diffuser .
 The way the wings attach to the wheelchair we have they do n't swing out and limit movement . Would be nice if there was information on what kind of chairs they work with .
 Oprah Winfrey and Kevin Costner the leading medical researchers in America think this is a great break through . Well gee , if they like it you must too . There is no scientific basis other than the nice school teachers `` guarantee '' that this works . After you pay 5-6 bucks for some fizzing tablets that taste kind of good you might think something is happening . Well it probably is , in your psyche . If that and Kevin Costner testimonials do it for you then go ahead . Ca n't seem to find the `` guarantee '' on their web site other than they will do their darndest to improve the product and you 'll be the first to benefit .
 Mine caught on fire.Yes . You heard me right . The wire from the remote caught on fire while I was using it and slowly started to burn up the wire . Luckily I noticed this before any REAL `` damage '' was done !!!
 I guess when i saw the price i should have thought that it was to go to be true . The thing broke after less then a week . I would like to tell everyone not to buy this and to look for a better one if they are looking to buy one .
 I have ordered this product several times -LRB- only twice from this particular seller -RRB- and the wiring next to the actual egg becomes unraveled quickly . If you are unfortunate enough to touch the exposed wiring you get quite a bit of a shock -LRB- it is ten times worse if you have wet hands -RRB- . I expressed this to the company and was literally laughed at . While I pride myself on being a filthy zen hippie with a relaxed disposition and awesome sense of humor , I do n't think being electrocuted is funny . If I were into electricity play this would certainly be an added bonus.Also , aforementioned exposed wiring causes this to short out completely very quickly . If you put too much pressure on the egg it will stop working . If you squeeze it too hard , it will stop working . If you do n't hold it at a particular angle on days it decides to be fickle , it will stop working . I rolled over onto it in bed once and it completely broke . No outside damage and I weigh all of 120 pounds -LRB- what my mattress is n't cushy enough for this vibrator ? Well , I never -RRB- so I 'll chalk that up to it being cheaply made . Also the picture changes depending on what device you use to get on Amazon so I got one product while expecting another twice . I know it 's only $ 6 but it 's dangerous . I 'll be reporting it to the CPSC . Just something to think about .
 This had no strength at all . If you need power to get any pleasure , dont waste your time with this , its the weakest thing ive found so far . . was very disappointed after waiting for it in the mail . They should discontinue these .
 Stay away from this one if you actually want PowerSonic PS-12120 batteries . I received &#34; Power Pile &#34; batteries instead of what I ordered . Yes , by spec they seem to be almost a direct replacement , but I ordered what I did for a reason . I have used PowerSonic batteries many times in the past and trust them . Who knows what the results will be with &#34; Power Pile &#34; . I was under the gun to get a scooter back in operation for an elderly family member , so I installed these and now hope for the best . Also , the battery connectors on what I received are not a direct match for the PowerSonic model , so I had to use adapters to make the connections properly . I will not be buying from this vendor again as I feel advertising and selling one item then delivering something altogether different is unethical .
 The battery fit the package snugly . The top of the battery butted up against the carton . The battery terminals were missing the red and black plastic caps . As result the terminals were bent down . The less important sides had peanuts . They need a larger carton so the top and bottom could also be protected by bubble wrap or peanuts .
 The pills are huge and they smell really bad . I ca n't keep them down unless I take them with juice and hold my breath . Even after that my body starts to gag on them because the smell is that bad . Product works but maybe another brand has made them without the smell .
 hard too beleavt it doe any penefets at all , headack , stomochach and much more dont bay it , dont waste your mony
 I could smell these pills before I opened the bottle . The scent is unlike anything familiar . It just plain stinks . I took 2 tablets with water and because they are practically weightless caplets , they are almost impossible to swallow . They stayed floating inside the back of my throat until I ate some bread to chase them down . And then I could taste/smell the stinky herbal smell from inside my esophagus!I woke up groggy and unrested , and now my whole bathroom smells weird like the pills do . Go for melatonin instead . I like that much better than this stuff .
 Valerian root only works when it 's `` fresh '' root . The capsule version is dried and does n't capture the essential compounds that make true valerian work . Save your money .
 As someone who is a night owl and has a hard time maintaining a good sleeping schedule , I was really looking forward to these . I did some research on valerian root and people had great things to say about it . I also read that there 's no such thing as taking too much of this because it 's all natural.These smell really , really bad , but if you know anything about valerian root , you know that 's to be expected . If you keep your nose closed or breathe through your mouth when taking them , you wo n't really smell them.I took these only once and they did not work for me . I took 4 at first and 45 minutes later I was n't feeling anything . I then took some more - still nothing an hour after that . Took some more , still nothing . I did this about 4 times with absolutely no effects . The next day , however , I had a major headache all day and felt like throwing up.These may work for some , but definitely not for me .
 this stuff stinks so bad I dont want to take it it see if it works or not - I figure If i take it ill smell like it when I sweat
 I do n't know how anyone manages to swallow these . They are enormous and they smell overpoweringly awful . I opened the jar and got a whiff and could n't imagine trying to swallow something that smelled so bad . And you are supposed to take THREE?I managed to choke one pill down , but gagged on the second , because you can taste the same horrible flavor you smell when you open the bottle . Even holding my nose while I took them did n't help , and I had to spit it out . I wo n't be trying to take any more of these , that 's for sure .
 On the front of the bottle it says 100 capsules `` certified 530mg '' In tiny tiny writing on the back of the bottle it tells you the dosage is 3 capsules.To me this is very misleading and manipulative . The bottle lasts only 1/3 as long as you would expect . It probably has something to do with why people feel it does n't work.I will not buy any more of Nature 's Way products .
 Well , we love the Spiru-tein products.However , the cookie dough is not nearly as good as it sounds.The big downfall , in my humble opinion , is the texture.If I want a protein shake , I really do n't want chunky thingssitting on my tongue . It made me feel like I had to chew my shake!I just want the FLAVOR of cookie dough , not chunks of UFs -LRB- Unidentified Foods -RRB- . I have included photos of the packet back so folks can see the vitamin content.That part is great , but I could n't get this one down.Spiru-tein missed the boat on this one . It could have been one of thebest ones out there , but instead , it is just a bad texture andso-so taste . Back to the lab , please !
 do n't know how good the deodorant worked , I could n't get past the strong , cheap smell of perfume.I tossed it in discard bag after trying it !!!!!! and washed my underarms .
 This medicine is very bad , I have an allergic reaction , that sent me to Emergency room , with swollen face , skin rash , itchy and I could feel in a minutes I could not breath anymore!Be Carefull ...
 If you see the supposed label information , it is a different formula than the one I received.I specifically wanted the product as shown . I received a much inferior product .
 I ordered this product thinking that it was in stock . Then it took almost 2 weeks for them to send me an email stating it was out of stock and they could not send it to me . I would think that first of all , if a product is out of stock - the company would take it off thier site . Second , if I buy a product that is out of stock - I expect an immediate notification of that .
 Usually these battery are good performers and typically last a long time , an average of 3 to 4 years . . This battery provided by the seller was defective . I tried contacting the seller but I haven &#8217; t received a response . I ended up paying my alarm company for a service plus the price of a new battery . When you order a battery online make sure you check the voltage immediately . If you get anything under 12v it &#8216; s defective !! Plus , make sure you order from a responsible seller that backs their products !! I learned my lesson !!!
 Somehow I managed to select this variety although I was sure I selected one that had a serving size of one tablet . Another reviewer called it to my attention , and I still managed to order one with a serving size of SIX tablets . What a waste .
 I wish i could ask for my money back . If you 're a man & need a great product . Try '' GNC MEGA MEN 50 + 120 caplets New formula '' The best there is .
 I 've been using Tom 's of Maine products for several years now and am usually very pleased with them , especially since they do n't include or experiment on animals . However , this is one natural deodorant I do n't plan on buying ever again . For starters , I made the mistake of not reading the label very carefully
 I was looking forward to using a natural deodorant -LRB- too many creepy ingredients in standard ones -RRB- but this just does n't work for me . Whenever I use it I have to re-apply 2-3 more times throughout the day and I STILL end up smelling terrible . I do n't do any kind of super labor intensive job that causes me to sweat excessively or anything like that and I do n't have this smell problem with standard deodorants . Pretty disappointing .
 I purchased this product because I was trying to eliminate the aluminum in my deodorant , however this product is not the answer for me . While I think of lavendar as a feminine scent , this has a masculine smell to it . The product goes on and stays sticky all day long until it rubs off on your clothes . It possibly helps with odor control some , but it is not as effective as I would like . I tried it twice and threw it away.I would not recommend .
 I am a 23 year old woman and nurse . I have recently tried to phase all natural products into my life . Tom 's Lavender Scented Deodorant was the very first all-natural deodorant that I tried . I have NEVER EVER had a problem with body odor . I am physically active and do n't sweat much at all . I applied Tom 's as soon as I bought it . I liked the earthy lavender scent . I was dinking around the house for the remainder of the evening . I woke up in the morning and sniffed my under arm ... . oh , BOY , the fumes were OFFENSIVE . I could not believe that was coming from ME ! I come across some pretty funky people as I am a nurse , but none as funky as me after using Tom 's deodorant after one application . Save your $ $ DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . This deodorant makes you smell TERRIBLE ... . it is an ODORANT , not a de-odorant . YUCK YUCK YUCK . Use Jason 's brand instead . It works great!Jason Natural Cosmetics - Deodorant Aloe Vera Gel , 2.5 oz sticks
 We ordered a batch of Tom 's deodorant from amazon and are returning it as quickly as we can . After using it for about a week , my partner 's armpits and mine are red and peeling and itchy and burning . OUCH ! i read that zinc ricinoleate is likely to blame . Neither of us have particularly sensitive skin , so I think this deodorant would affect others the same way ... you 've been warned ...
 I 'm glad to learn I 'm not the only one
 I saw . I bought . I hated!This has got to be the worst deodorant on the market . It claims to be `` long-lasting , '' however , it did n't even make it 12 hours.I applied it right after I got out of the shower then went to work . Within a few hours I noticed my armpits felt sticky . I spend all day typing at a computer , so I know it was n't from exertion . When I returned home , less than 10 hours after applying Tom 's , I sniffed my underarms . Big mistake ! They reeked ! This may be `` natural '' for others , but not for me . I 'd rather not be so `` green , '' especially if it means I 'm going to have body odor .
 I bought this item since I love Lavender and wanted a more natural dedordant . I actually liked it the first time I put it on . Went on easy and I liked the smell . However after a few days of use I noticed I was n't smelling as great as when I used Dove or other typical brands . Then I noticed that it was burned my skin a little when putting it on , very tingly . For whatever reason I used it for another day and thats when the peeling started . My pits now look like an 80 year olds -LRB- very dry and wrinkly -RRB- and has been shedding . Looks like I had a severe sunburn and every part of the skin is flaking and peeling away . Super gross . I used the product for a week and that was it for me . I wont be finishing the stick . What a waste .
 I ca n't see any effect from this product at all . It does not seem to combat BO in any way - if anything , it increases it . It should be called `` Tom of Maine 's Natural Smell Like Barry Bonds 's Jockstrap Stick '' .
 I have been using a product called Naturally Fresh which is made up of mineral salts . It works quite well , but I thought I would try Tom 's . I am quite sure that if I used no deodorant at all the results would be the same .
 It smelly , like a piece of s *** . Then you will smell like s *** . Stay away . I bought Old Spice Swagger .
 Do not buy as this does not work . I recently switched to natural products and this is my first try at a natural deodorant . Well , even if I put on a lot , I still smell sweaty as if I never wore any deodorant at all . This has never happened to me with the other deodorants - I do n't do much activity to sweat a lot and if I did , the old deodorants use to work . It leaves me feeling very uncomfortable around people . Waste of time , it is better for the makers to discontinue this useless product . Zero stars .
 Natural 24 hour odor protection LONG LASTINGI bought this in the hope of switching to a healthier , natural alternative & had heard good things about Tom 's deodorants . Unfortunately , after having used it the first time with less than sweet results I ended up tossing it in the back of the drawer instead of returning it . To say I was disappointed does not even begin to cover it . Speaking of coverage , I ran out of my usual deodorant yesterday and tried giving Tom 's one more shot as emergency back-up . -LRB- Yes - it was applied liberally , to towel dry skin , fresh out of the shower , yadda yadda yadda ... -RRB- Later that same day as I was out shopping , I suddenly noticed the `` deodorant '' was n't doing it 's job . All I can say is , thank God I was n't in the gym or snuggling up with hubby ! Never again !
 I used Tom 's of Maine stuff until it was purchased by Colgate . The changes to the toothpaste was too much , so stopped using it altogether . I figured , the ingredients on the deodorant seem pretty harmless and natural ; what could go wrong ? Well , after about a month to two months of usage , I go to apply it and my wife asks , `` what 's up with your armpit '' ? I look in the mirror and immediately utter , WTF ??!!! Both pits are discolored !!! There has n't been any itching or anything , just discoloration . Well , suffice it to say I threw away the tube I was using as well as a new one sitting in the medicine cabinet . Anyone else notice this ? What has Colgate added that is n't on the label ?
 I really wanted this to work because I want to stop using secrets clinical deoderant . I tried Tom 's Lavender deoderant last night and this morning my armpits smell like I never put deoderant on . And I barely sweat . Its a darn shame.Application - the deoderant was sticky when you apply it and it smelled like lavenderWhy is it so hard to make an organic product that works?I give this 1 star for the effort to create a non toxic deoderant .
 I was so excited to use this deo but was very disappointed . This was the very first natural one i have ever tried but ... it made me underarms very very dry and itchy . I have never had this reaction with any other deo . :-LRB- Now im going to try kiss my face . Wish me luck
 I 've been using the unscented regular version of this deodorant and have been pleased with the results.So , naturally I picked up a stick of the new long lasting lavender version expecting the same or better.Just one day after using this deodorant , my armpit skin felt like it was on FIRE ! The skin was red , raised and angry looking.I did a Google search to see if anyone else had experienced this problem and behold there are hundreds of people in the same boat as me with burning and redness after using the new long lasting formula.Fortunately for me , a few days of hydrocortisone cream and it went away . Other peoplehave described peeling skin and long term skin discoloration.DON ' T BUY THIS !
 I used the `` long lasting '' -LRB- 12 hour -RRB- lemon grass scented Tom 's of Maine deodorant for a few days and developed a red sunburn type of rash on my arm pits -- it also burned like a sunburn . The skin in the affected area has also started peeling , like a sunburn would . After a google search , I discovered that many others have had this problem with the long lasting Tom 's of Maine containing `` zinc ricinoleate . '' It seems the Apricot and Natural long lasting deodorants also contain this ingredient . While everyone 's body reacts to different substances differently , one should be careful with this deodorant . Many people seem to have a sensitivity to this product , and I 'm not one who generally has problems with sensitive skin .
 This is a horrible product . As you can see with the many negative reviews , this causes major skin irritation . My pits are red , peeling , and inflamed ... plus , it does n't even work !!! Do not waste your money or your poor armpits skin !!
 I have been using the unscented deodorant for quite a couple years because I wanted a deodorant only -LRB- without an antiperspirant -RRB- and recently bought a new one . I had noticed the packaging was a bit different and that it said `` New and Improved '' . Well as soon as I used it this time around , I got REALLY BAD red , blistery , weepy , itchy rashes under both armpits . This product is not safe and I can no longer use this product . I noticed a lot of other people are having problems as well . I am keeping it though in case I decide to have it tested . This product needs to be taken off the shelves ! So much for the FDA I guess .
 My armpits are red , peeling , and painfully irritated . I googled this problem and noticed that many people attributed these symptoms to this particular deodorant ... which is what I 've been using . Thank you , Amazon , for putting these reviews in a convenient place . As for you , Tom 's of Maine , I 'm putting you on notice . -LRB- Please continue making excellent toothpastes , though . -RRB-
 First of all , this deoderant is not long-lasting . I had to constantly reapply it . Second of all , it made my armpits red and incredibly itchy .
 When preparing for college in hot a humid weather , I searched the deodorant isle for something that may actually work . I try a lot of breidns but still end up with BO as soon as three hours afterward , even with ones that claim 24-hour protection . Tom 's looked like a great alternative , as natural products always work better for me in other areas -LRB- like my skin and hair -RRB- . Plus , I 've read all the dangers of aluminum and was quite afraid of Dove and Degree . Tom 's promised all-natural protection so I decided to give it a try.From the beginning , Tom 's seemed a bit off . I know it 's only a deodorant so I still expected to swaet , but as soon as I began to sweat , it foamed up under my arm , ruining my shirt . I was confused , because it had gone on clear , there was no warning about this.Secondly , Tom 's was working fine at fighting odor for a little while , but I 've had the product for about 7 weeks now and it no longer works . I shower , scrub my underarms in the shower , and apply Tom 's about 20 minutes before leaving my dorm -LRB- my staple routine -RRB- in the morning . At first , I could n't smell anything , even when I was sweating profusely . Now it 's not the same smell as no deodorant at all but an equally pungent smell of apricot gone awry . It wrinkles my nose . It 's awful.So much for this one .
 I chose this product because it had such a pleasant smell , and was advertised to be `` long acting '' which is a problem I 've had with other natural deodorants - they do n't last more than 2 hours before you have to wash off and re-apply , or you start to smell . Well , I used this product for 2-days . I noticed some slight tingling on the first day . But on the second morning when I put it on , within 2 hours it started to burn and sting and my underam skin turned red ! That was yesterday , and the skin is now peeling off , just like a burn ! Even after I washed it off , the stinging and burning continued , so much that it kept me awake last night . I have since just been putting aloe on my armpits to help them heal , but I can never use this product again . I have never had this problem with any other deodorant before .
 I have a sensitive nose -LRB- both for smell and allergy -RRB- . The smell from this product gave me a sinus-ache . It is not the lemongrass or fresh scent -- that scent disappears within 20min ; it is a strong-lingering scent of warm plastic/wax . I bought a few different scents and they were the same . I threw them all away.I 'm also sensitive to polyester clothes.I hope this helps .
 As much as I appreciate its natural and healthy intentions , this does n't work at all . Honestly , it did n't even work for an hour . I gave it a shot on a variety of occasions and it always came up incredibly short . All it really seems to do is blast you with its scent for a short time -LRB- maybe less than half an hour -RRB- , as if in an attempt to blanket your sweat with the scent rather than removing it.Speaking of the scent , the lemongrass is awfully reminiscent of lemon-scented cleaners -LRB- think Pinesol -RRB- . I love aromas but this is not aromatic in a good way . I smell like I just cleaned the kitchen .
 Maybe I got a bad stick but this was like putting super glue under my arms , YUCK ! Very uncomfortable . I had to wash it off within minutes of putting it on so I have no idea if it controlled odors .
 We usually buy the Original with no problems . Husband decided to try this variety and I used it once with little problem . I 've used it again and brush my tongue with it too -LRB- using Sonicare -RRB- . My tongue burns and is sore . I can not recommend it.Going back to the Original .
 I ordered this item because I moved to Alaska and it was the only toothpaste that I could subscribe through Amazon in my village . I was excited about it at first . Mouthwash and toothpaste in one ! However , after using this product for about a week , I began getting blisters on the sides of my tongue , causing a great deal of grief . I had never had any sensitivity to any other toothpaste before . After I finally figured out this was the only thing new that I had been using , I had to get rid of almost the whole tube . I was very disappointed with this product and would not recommend it .
 Upon making a purchase and receiving 2 bottles of Detachol , I realized I ordered the wrong size . I called Diabetes and More for return instructions . They indicated that there is a 15 % re-stocking fee . This fee is not posted anywhere on the site . This seller is WAY over priced and I do not recommend them to anyone .
 I have been an Amazon.com customer for the last three years . I never had problems with my orders before except this last one . I received last April 1,2011 this order # 105-8769763 - . I am very dissappointed because the Suppositories have an Expiration Date of 4-11 . How can you sell expired merchandise.I talk to Cathy of your Customer Service to give me an address where I can return the mechandise . Cathy was very gracious talking to me this morning . I ask her to give me the address where I can return this merchandise .
 I purchased a case of the Earth Friendly paper towels . This is the first eco-friendly paper towel that I have used . I am not sure if it is indicative of eco-friendly paper towels or not but I was very disappointed at the thickness and strength of the sheets compared to my regular paper towels . They tend to fall apart very easily . It would take two to three times as many Earth Friendly paper towel versus my regular paper towels . It may be earth friendly but you end up recycling a lot more of it .
 So I do n't know if this will get blocked or not because I 'm referencing Consumer Reports or not ... but I tried to do a lot of research before I bought these paper towels last week . When I got them in , I was ... unimpressed . I was deciding between Seventh Generation , Green Forest and Earth Friendly Products . Today , a new Consumer Reports came in , and ranked all 3 of these along with 18 other brands -LRB- 21 total -RRB- , and Earth Friendly Products came in last of all 21 . Seventh Generation was an alright at number 13 , and a product called White Cloud Green Earth , which I 'm not sure where to find to purchase , came in at 7 , the best of all products that are recycled . So if you can find them , go with White Cloud Green Earth brand !
 Towels advertise strength but they are anything but strong . Cancelled recurring order after first one .
 The 3000 series is n't what it 's cracked up to be . It does n't fit the 3825 Braun razor I have , although the online ad indicated it would . Worse , after opening it to check I 'm told it ca n't be returned . Totally useless and frustrating purchase .
 Wrong screen for my shaver . The price was low but the information online was weak about which shavers the screen would fit .
 Amazon recently changed the picture of this product.I ordered it based on the old picture and had to return it and take a loss .
 &#34; I own a Braun 5424 model , the description says the product fits this model . That 's not the case , the foil fits the shaver perfectly . However the cutter head DOES NOT fit at all , it is completely loose so it can not be used with my shaver . Totally disappointed with my purchase and it is not worth returning it . Should have listened to a customer comment . Do not WASTE your money if you own a 5424 &#34;
 I use the Sacred Fire oil by this company and loved it . This product had a serious unnatural perfume quality that I could not stand . I choose natural products to avoid the cosmetics counter smell , but this one was just off . I tried it twice . Will have to give it away .
 After a few days , these pills gave me gout . I 've never had gout before in my life , so I know these pills were the cause.Looking at the bottle , it says that the collagen is bovine ... just thought customers should know that before they buy , because it does not mention that on the item description page .
 Ok ... so everyone is looking for better looking skin . I bought the hylaruinc acid and collagen C for better skin , hair , gums , etc. . But after 27 days , I did not change anything else in my health/exercise regime and my breasts became so sensitive that a bra became uncomforable . I wrote to Neocall about the sensation ... and I got the autamated 24 hour guananteed response ... but never got any real response ! I had just had a mamogram and it was clear ... but breasts so uncomfortable i 'm looking for some answers from Neocal . It has been a week and still no response .
 ... They do n't even work . I found this under a `` hyaluronic acid '' tag , and am contacting Amazon as this has no HA in it at all ! Do n't waste your time or money on this .
 This item has a very misleading description . The capsules themselves may be vegetarian , but the ingredients are NOT vegetarian . Buyer beware -- chondroitin is made from animal cartilage .
 I love NOW products and I have used Co-Q ten before . However , i supposed what i am most upset about is that the picture on the ad says 100 soft gels . However the product I received has only 50 soft gels . If i would have known there was only 50 i would have gone with another brand .
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 My little girl is two . She has fine , but pretty wavy hair and it appears that it 'll grown in very curly when she gets older -LRB- like her father -RRB- . Though it has n't grown in fully yet , I decided to hunt for a good detangler now to prevent nightmarish experiences with brushing hair later.Suave For Kids Awesome Apple Detangler does seem to make my daughter 's hair easier to brush , but that 's about it . Even the tiniest amount makes her normally shiny hair look dull and flat . The smell seems okay at first -LRB- like green apple flavored gum -RRB- , but then has an after-scent of cheap hairspray that makes me feel a little sick if I smell it too long -LRB- ca n't imagine how gross it could be for her if she has my nose :-RRB- -RRB- . It may not impact everyone that way , but if you have a kid with fine hair and/or you or your child have a sensitive nose , keep looking .
 SOMETIMES WHEN I SEE POSITIVE REVIEWS I THINK THAT IT IS EMPLYEES OF THE PRODUCT COMPANY . THIS STUFF ABSOULTELY DOES LEAVE A GREASY RESIDUE IF USED MORE THAN ONCE . ALSO , DOESNT DETANGLE AS WELL AS OTHER THE UPSIDE IS THAT ITS CHEAP I BUY IT AT THE 99CENT STORE
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 I bought this razor 41/2 years ago and todayit does not work anymore . The battery was out after 2 yearsand I had to use sector.Moreover , this razor made lot of noise.So , I do not recommand this one .
 I used this product when I had an allergy-related sinus infection . The sinus pack heated up well , maintained temperature , etc. . The only problem is that it had a peculiar smell , and I did not like to use it . I guess it is OK if you do n't have allergies !
 I have used this product only few times . But only after few uses , it got burnt with all the packed materials out of the covered cloth with a smokey smell . Really bad quality . I had used two previously never had this experience . Looks like the quality has deteriorated a lot . I 'm disappointed .
 I purchased this pack for temporary relief from chronic migraines . I put this pack in the freezer for several hours . I took it out to try it out and this is what I found
 My mother sent me these for my finals . The box looked a bit sketchy , so I checked the ingredients . I realize that the point of homeopathy is to take small amounts of things that cause the same symptoms in hopes of alleviating them , but I do think that the makers of this product are being rather unethically vague about the ingredients.The first thing on the list is Aconitum Napellus - Also known as aconite or monkshood . Here is what wikipedia says about aconite : Like other species in the genus , A. napellus contains several poisonous compounds , including enough cardiac poison that it was used on spears and arrows for hunting and battle in ancient times . -LSB- 4 -RSB- Aconites have been used more recently in murder plots ; they contain the Chemical alkaloids aconitine , mesaconitine , hypaconitine and jesaconitine , which are highly toxic.The second active ingredient is Arsenica Album - This is a derivative of arsenic -LRB- need I say more ? -RRB- The third ingredient is Calcarea Carbonica - This is ground mother of pearl.The fourth ingredient is Chamomilla 12X - This is a chamomile extract.The fifth ingredient is Ignatia Amara 30x - The beans of the plant contain the alkaloids strychnine and brucine . Strychnine is highly toxic , with an LD50 of 1-2 milligrams per kilogram , and was formerly used in rat poisons . Brucine is also toxic , but less so.The sixth ingredient is Kali Carbonicum 30C - a potassium saltThe seventh ingredient is Lachesis - Also known as Bushmaster viper venomThe eighth ingredient is Natrum Muraticum - SaltNext comes Nux Vomica - It is a major source of the highly poisonous alkaloids strychnine and brucine , derived from the seeds inside the tree 's round , green to orange fruit . The seeds contain approximately 1.5 % strychnine , and the dried blossoms contain 1.0 % . -LSB- 1 -RSB- However , the tree 's bark also contains brucine and other poisonous compounds.Tenth is Phosphoricum Acidium - phosphoric acidEleventh is Pulsatilla - Pulsatilla is highly toxic , and produces cardiogenic toxins and oxytoxins which slow the heart in humans . Excess use can lead to diarrhoea , vomiting and convulsions , hypotension and coma . This also causes abortions.Sepia - Cuttlefish ink
 I foolishly picked these up without reading the label carefully enough . After three days of eating a few before bed , I had excruciating pain in my jaw . I finally realized the cause when I read the ingredients and saw that they contain arsenic . I know some people like homeopathic remedies , but I 'm not putting arsenic in my body . It felt like someone was stabbing my jaw with needles . These are simply Not Safe !
 I ordered a pink one ... but I got a blue one . The gift I thought I was giving is useless .
 The gardenia and lilac smell ok . These are not powerful pure essential oils though . They are just kinda nice smelling oils .
 `` Ingredientsessential or fragrance oils `` Essential Oils and Fragrance Oils are not the same thing . Fragrance oils are not made of the the original source , where as an essential oil comes directly from the source . So either the seller does not know what they are talking about or this is a fraud . I am sorry to say this but I have taken 2 years of schooling and gotten in AAS in this .
 I did n't care for this fragrance . It smells very artificial and not at all like tomato leaf . I 'm sorry , it just did n't do it for me .
 The picture shown indicates a tape kit which includes the prewrap as well as the tape . All they send you is the tape -LRB- no prewrap included -RRB- . I feel like I was misled by the picture . Would not buy again .
 The picture and description made it sound like both the base and the tape were included , but all you get is the tape . Very misleading . will not buy again .
 I have been unable to find the good old Mcconnell tape , so I decided to try Endura Sports tape . I have found that it does not hold well against movement , loosens quickly into any session or activity . If you add sweat , which every athlete does , the stick is gone immediately . I have preped the skin prior to taping without success as well .
 I picked up a few samples of this at my dentists office . I only used this once , so I can not comment on how effective it is at whitening teeth at all , only on the use of it . Each package comes with an upper and lower mold for your teeth that you wear for 30-60 minutes once a day . The instructions do not say whether I should wear it for 30-60 minutes so I guess this depends on how comfortable you are with it . First off , the hydrogen peroxide is flavored in either melon or mint , and tasted pretty good . The tray was also very easy to insert around my teeth . Those are the only two pros.Unfortunately I could n't tell how effective these are because they were such a huge pain to use . The molds are packed with the peroxide solution . I put them around my teeth and pressed them in to ensure contact , and the solution pressed out of the mold and into my mouth . There is so much whitening solution in the molds I do n't see how it 's possible to use these without getting the stuff all in your mouth . I spit out half of it . I kept the molds in for about 15 minutes before having to take them out . I 've used whiteners before and none of them hurt as bad as this while I was using it . The peroxide stuck to the roof of my mouth and was stinging like crazy . After about 5 minutes the sides of the molds on the back of my teeth flipped up and would not stay down . I was constantly adjusting it with my fingers . When I removed the molds I had the peroxide gel all over my teeth , almost as if someone had rubbed Vaseline all over your mouth . The stuff was everywhere and I had to scrape it off with my fingers and then brush my teeth thoroughly to get it all out.As I said , I can not comment on how well TresWhite actually works , but it was a huge pain to use . It is also only a 9 % hydrogen peroxide solution . Crest Whitestrips are 10 % , and they are sold over the counter and half as expensive . If you are looking for a professional whitening system that is better than anything from the drugstore and is cheaper than professional bleaching , I would recommend asking your dentist about Crest Whitestrips Supreme , which are currently only available from your dentist and contain a 14 % solution of hydrogen peroxide .
 I used this product for several months beforemy urologist advised me that there is little if any benefit to using it .
 A couple days after starting these I developed stomach pains and diarrhea . First thought was stomach virus . Stopped them to be sure . Symptoms went away . Tried them again . Symptoms returned . For me , a bad experience . To Amazons credit , I received refund .
 I tried this product after using Super Beta Prostate -LRB- worthless -RRB- . This product is no better . After 30 days use it did absolutely nothing . I urinated 4 times during the night before and after talking this product . Do n't waste your money if you are expecting it to lessen frequent urination due to an enlarged prostate .
 Seeing how spray products have worked in other markets -LRB- spray butter , spray salad dressing , spray hair gel -RRB- I thought that this product would be a convenient way to apply lube without getting a nasty mess everywhere from putting it on.I was wrong . KY let me down . The lube does not come out from the bottle as a `` fine mist '' as what might be expected . Instead , it comes out in a forceful stream that splatters whatever it hits and gets everything around it messy.As a matter of convenience , you might be better served taking the spray top off and simply pouring the lube from the bottle the old-fashioned way . This gimmick simply does n't work .
 These rechargeable batteries say they are rechargeable 100 's of times , but in reality , they do n't hold charge fully after less than 50 charges . I would do some research and buy a better quality rechargeable 9 volt battery .
 The battery was too thick . The is the only rechargeable battery that would not fit because it is the same size as a standard 9v battery .
 As an electrical engineer I could bore you to tears for hours on the nuances of rechargeable batteries . But I 'll keep this short . The batteries put out a sub par voltage , and when left on trickle charge their inner cells expanded and burst the case . Bad design . Shame on your Energizer , you should know better .
 At only 150ma discharge these batterys do not live up to the standards of energizer 's other rechargable batteries . I have read that they only put out 7.2 volts as well . I have not checked this with my meter but will soon . Avoid this product .
 Carex Bed Buddy Joint Wraps do not get very cold after being in the frezzer for days . A bag of fozen peas is better and then instead of throwing the wrap in the trash you could eat the peas . The elastic strap stayed on my biscep well enough but it seemed not to be very cold at all . As for heating it got warm in the micro wave but not warm enough to seem to do any good . I threw the two wraps in the trash . Would not use them even if I got them for free .
 This item just does not get cold enough or hot enough to be at all useful . I should have returned it .
 Does n't work very well as a cold wrap . Might be ok for VERY gentle cool support .
 I have recently developed tendonitis in my wrist as a result of training in the martial art Aikido , in addition to other exercise . The cold packs I could find locally were such a disappointment - they were gel packs that could work as both hot and cold packs , but they were always thick and bulky , and because of their thick bulk would n't wrap around my entire wrist . I remember my mom having a cold pack that was maybe 4 `` x12 '' and about 1/3rd of an inch thick . That was a perfect cold wrap , one which had the `` turning radius '' to go around a wrist without getting bunched up and covering maybe half of my wrist.Anyway , I agonized over this , spending long sleepless nights looking through Amazon , trying to find a Prime eligible item that would do what I needed . Then I found the Carex Bed Buddy , and I was quite excited - it looked like the perfect wrist/joint wrap , had good dimensions and a great price , the two pack was cheaper than many other single hot/cold wraps.Fast forward , open the box . I 'm immediately suspicious - instead of a thin gel or clay filled pad like I was expecting , it is a sack of a few parallel tubes containing rice or some heat-absorbing polymer . I tried making it cold , as per the directions , and it did n't work at all - it was about as cold as a pair of socks put through the same treatment . Did n't try the hot pack version , but I 've no need to , and as soon as I gave it a few cool down tests , I decided I was going to return the item to Amazon.The design is nice . A little bulky for a wrist , but the velcro holds well and you can get a good compression going on - it does n't budge or slip off , or feel unevenly distributed . A shame that it does n't work as a cold pack - if they did , I 'd recommend these wholeheartedly.Be forewarned - as a hot pack , this might work - reviews seem mixed on the Bed Buddy products Carex makes these days , some people like it and others do n't . For me , the whole Carex line is worthless , as all I need is a few good cold packs for joint problems .
 This is a bad product ! Only on reading the very fine print directions did it mention the possibility of the product igniting in the microwave - which mine did , after 30 seconds in the micro ! Very unfortunate , the wrap was for my 93-year-old mother , and I am so glad that she was not the one to place the wrap in the micro . Very dangerous ! I am afraid to even try the larger over the shoulder wrap and I will send all back to the supplier .
 I bought this product based on the manufacturer 's claim that it could be put in the freezer and used as a cold pack . I have found that the filling inside of the packs is not appropriate for this use . After days in the freezer the pack barely gets colder than room temperature . It is certainly not cold enough to reduce swelling and inflammation . There are other products that have a clay filling that would do the job much better . I have not tried to heat it up in the microwave because I did not buy it for that purpose .
 This wrap does not work ! It does n't get cold at all . I have had multiple knee surgeries and was looking for something I could travel with and put in small freezers at the office or in the hotel . I sent this back . Check at Target or Walgreens for a similar version with a removable sleeve that you can wash . It has a mud base and gets cold and stays cold for almost an hour . I would n't recommend this product .
 The product looked exactly as it appeared in the online ad when it arrived . The company that supplied it immediately followed up on its delivery and urged me to submit a positive review as to my satisfaction . I did n't know then what I know now . The charger did n't work at all . Three of the four batteries that came with it were ready to be charged but the fourth was a bad cell and would n't take a charge . I had to use a charger at work to determine what was wrong because the charger I purchased would go through the steps to make you think it was working , but actually did nothing . The indicator lights will flash at first , then after some time , they would turn solid green to make you think the batteries were charged . The batteries never charged , so now I 'm sending it back for a refund .
 It works , kind of big and who uses these anymore ? The batteries do n't last long enough to bother and the think takes up a plug wherever you use it . its always there cause the Batts need constant charging . If you have a gadget that dosnt drain batts quickly then this gadget will serve your needs . Plus it wont overcharge the batts that is a good feature
 I tried the product as directed and it did not work as promised on my just 3 year old gutters . Tried it on my neighbours 40 year old ones and it worked fine . E-mailed the company and they had no explanation . It surely was a total waste of money for me .
 I have been chewing these for years . I was highly disappointed to discover that they are now making them noticeably thinner as of this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , apparently to save money without raising the cost . You will notice the new label that says `` Personal Care '' . I realize this is a trend in our econmy , to give less for the same price , but I would certainly rather pay more for the quality I am accustomed to .
 So these are regular old toothpicks that have been soaked in tea tree oil and a bit of Cinnamon Oil -LRB- those are the only two I can taste -RRB- ; also according to the package - canola oil , peppermint oil , spearmint oil , and fennel oil . I guess I expected them to be larger or otherwise different because the are called `` chewing sticks '' . I expected wrongly.In my experience , these do not appear to splinter any less than `` normal '' toothpicks . I picked up a normal toothpick at a restaurant today -LRB- shaped just like these with one pointed end and one flat w / embellishments -RRB- and it was of the same durability , just without the various oils taste.I am not going to throw these away , but now I wished I would have bought plastic toothpicks for durability 's sake or bought just normal toothpicks for the cost savings . I do like the little plastic pack they come in ; that is handy.Purpose of purchase was to give me something else to gnaw on besides my own fingers/fingernails .
 These tooth picks are definitely high quality and can take some major punishment . I 've been chewing one for over an hour now and it 's still sturdy , but the flavor is terrible in my opinion . It 's very strong and it feels like the equivalent of pouring tea tree oil into my mouth . I regret not getting the cinnamon flavor . I got these because I figured the tea tree oil might be better for my teeth and gums , which might not even be true . So unless you really like the taste of tea tree oil already there 's a good chance you wo n't like the taste . I 'm hoping maybe after a while I 'll just get used to it and maybe even enjoy it .
 I wanted a gel pack that stayed cold . This one stayed frozen solid but never softened enough to apply to sore back or knee . I tried thawing it , refreezing and using but it remained frozen solid . Disappointed - either this product is poorly designed or I got a bum unit .
 I got this only two months ago and the plastic cracked after just 2 months of use , the gel started leaking out making a nasty mess . Granted I used it every day . I have other packs from TruFit and CVS -LRB- ! -RRB- that I 've had for YEARS without a problem ! Certainly wo n't get this brand again . Avoid . Poor materials .
 Fail Packs , and I bought 5 of them of varying sizes , have failed by freezing solid making them difficult to apply . Out of 5 , 4 are rock solid when frozen . Most leak blue stuff , although I can not say if I punctured them or it is a failure on the Versa Packs side . Seeing as most are leaking , I doubt that I holed them all.And as I ordered online , can not return them . Not happy at all with these .
 I have used this product for about 10 years.on the suggestion of my doctor . I know the product is good . However , the product arrived seriously damaged . The bottle was not well protected in the box and the bottom of the bottle was shattered and shards and small pieces of glass permeated the pills . Twice , I attempted to contact the merchant through the Amazon website and never received a reply . I would have returned the product if I had been able to get an address . Finally , I carefully sorted the pills from the glass and am using them . However , to say I was disappointed in the condition of this product upon arrival is an understatement . I recommend you not use this merchant .
 Was a bit reluctant to purchace something other than the hope product to maintain our granite countertops ... should have purchaced the hopes ... this does not clean ... plus leaves a film ...
 I have been trying to find some way of cleaning the marble in my shower . and I am still looking . although Granite Gold came highly recommended , it does not clean soap scum or made any kind of dent in the cleaning of my stone . I think using lemon juice or cokeacola would do just a well - if not better.Still looking.I will say that Amazon had by far the best price and the third party company shipped the product super quick !
 Ok cleaner . Not totally thrilled . Takes a lot of elbow grease to make it shine and then not so shiny . If you want to try it , I suggest shop around . After I purchased it , I found it elsewhere for half the price . Not worth it for the price amazon has it for.Will not purchase again !
 Tried this and it leaves a film on absolute black . The best product I 've forun so far is World 's Best Glass Cleaner at Sam 's $ 7.99 for 3 cans . It works great on granite , glass and many other surfaces .
 I was rather disappointed in this whey powder . First , the shipping was very slow and second , the taste was not very good : -LRB-
 Does NOT keep good time , evidently owing to poor quality . Even after installation of a brand new battery by me , the watch is not accurate . DO NOT BUY .
 This is a piece of junk . Maybe it will work if you use it while sitting at a keyboards , but it broke on me after about 5 tennis games . The cheap plastic is just very brittle . Once it breaks , it 's useless .
 I began to develop severe cramping and forearm pain from the combo of typing and holding my baby daughter -LRB- sick with colic -RRB- for hours on end on my forearm , until it would go numb . Playing tennis made the pain excruciating and i had to stop.I got this brace , and it really was too tight at its ` pressure point ' . It felt like someone was digging their thumb into my arm , and it didnt spread the support out well.not too impressed .
 I 've owned the Aircast band pictured before . This came without indication of the Aircast brand , and it came in black . I suspect it 's a knockoff and not as high quality . Not worth the headache to return . Will just avoid this vendor , ShopMedicalSupply , in the future . First bad experience with Amazon .
 Try the `` Band It '' product instead , so much better -- this is basically a tourniquet -- the `` air pillow '' is squishy and ineffective . And this company is terrible -- do not do business with `` Shopmedicalsupply.com '' total scam artists . They will send you a different product then make YOU pay to send it back . Avoid both .
 I hate to beat-up a product or manufacturer , but this one deserves it . No problems with the seller at all . I 've had two of the AirCast armbands and the product will work if only needed for a couple weeks . Unfortunately , tennis elbow does not seem to calm down that quickly . In a few weeks of use , this one curls up and becomes uncomfortable , ineffective , and more like a rubberband . After trying a few arm bands for tennis elbow , I recommend getting one of the more substantial arm bands with a neoprene layer from another manufacturer . The AirCast will end up in the trash or in your sock drawer with an old ace bandage . Good luck .
 This brace was totally misrepresented in the picture . I thought I was getting a flesh color brace . Instead I received a black one . It is a generic of the one pictured . I would not trust this vendor again
 Washed in cold water after a couple of wearings . Foam separated from the band . Very poor quality . Glue does not hold up during cold water wash .
 As a college tennis player , I have tried them all , including this one . Sorry , this just does n't work , you have to tighten it so much it cuts off circulation . The only tennis elbow thing that works -LRB- that I 've tried -RRB- is the BandIt , and I would guess that is because the straps do n't really touch you , all the pressure is on the plastic plates . Buy a BandIt , I 've never heard of anyone thinking anything was better
 This dust pan is probably the worst item I have every bought through Amazon . I was hoping to replace my solid , old copper dustpan that served me just fine for nearly 20 years . Though the photo on Amazon looked just like my old one , the dust pan I received does not resemble it in any way . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is as thin and flimsy as aluminum foil . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It arrived completely bent out of shape . -LRB- 3 -RRB- I am tossing it in the trash rather than waste more of my time trying to get a refund .
 Tastes pretty good , but I ca n't consume this in even the tiniest amounts without suffering terrible gastrointestinal upset -LRB- to put it politely -RRB- . Erythritol , another calorie-free sugar alcohol , tastes great and does n't cause me any problems ; it is , however , pricy . I was excited when I did a search for erythritol , and this came up . It was a great deal - I thought . Of course , I did n't notice this is xylitol , not erythritol , so I had to send it back , at my expense . I would advise anyone considering this product to try a small bag first , to see if you tolerate it .
 I am not a happy camper . This website says `` pure xylitol '' . What did I get ? A box of packets that say `` Xylitol Plus '' which is Xylitol and Stevia . And , most of the time , I find Stevia to be nasty . So now I likely have to throw this whole box away and I am pissed . This seller is not worth your time . Go to your local health food store where you can hold the box you want in your hands .
 I used this once to sweeten my homemade toothpaste . I ca n't use this stuff as a food product , my system just does n't like it . -LRB- Like your 94 year old , lactose intolerant great uncle just ate all the creme fraiche in France ... yikes ! -RRB- I swear , I ran the cat off ! It works well as a toothpaste sweetner , but I could never use it for anything else and have since stopped using it at all . My one star rating is aimed at the product and my results after use . It has nothing to do with Now Foods as a company . But for the sake of humanity and global climate change ... . I wo n't ever use this again !
 I have been using Xylitol for a couple years now after reading &#34; The Belly Fat Cure &#34; and I am addicted . I use the packets for travel . I moved to a different state and do not have access to my original brand of packets which were perfect , I think it was Emerald Forrest . These packets are much too small and I need to open about 3-4 of them for one cup of coffee/tea when I used to only need one packet of my old brand .
 I love xylitol and usually use another brand , but that ran out of stock , so I got the Now Foods bag . Unfortunately , for whatever reason , this makes my innards rumble and more . I usually have it in about 3 glasses of tea a day . You might want to try a sample before committing .
 NOW xylitol is made in China from corn . It is a lesser quality xylitol and can lead to GI distress and bloating . I switched to higher quality xylitol from North American birch hardwood , and the intestinal issues went away.If xylitol gives you any digestive issues , try `` Xyla '' brand or any other made from birch hardwood , not corn .
 This xylitol in packets is very chalky in taste . I hate it ! So far , I have bought Now , Epic and Natrazyle xylitol , and the Now has been the only one not worth buying again.Do yourself a favor and buy something else .
 I thought I finally had my sugar substitute but after using an entire bag thinking my digestive system would eventually get used to it , never did ... Every time I use even a small amount -LRB- teaspoon -RRB- I get gas pains , bloating and diarrhea and end up taking a bunch of probiotics to straighten my gut back into shape.It sure does taste good without any aftertaste , but for me , it 's not worth it . I 'd be curious if others have been able to rid their digestive issues and continue using the product . . I 'd love to add this to my grocery list .
 I was planning on using this instead of Splenda or Sugar for coffee in the office . Guess what ? It does n't sweeten . No better than adding no sweetener . Threw the whole box in the garbage .
 I bought this a few years back -LRB- 4 , maybe ? -RRB- . I was looking for something to use to just trim and make less mess . The guard is not very well manufactured , and it creates a `` choppy '' look to my beard and burns . The vacuum inside gets about 50 % of the hairs off my face , the rest are in the sink , on the side or on the floor ... not much better than a regular trimmer . I can say that it still works like new , charge it only once every 3-4 uses , and the blades are still sharp . Probably been discontinued for the reasons I mentioned .
 I am currently on a Slim-fast diet and found it better than expected in taming my appetite . In the process of tasting the different kind of shakes I bought one pack of the creamy chocolate low carb . It offers more protein than any other of their shakes . BOY WAS THAT EVER A MISTAKE ! As soon as I get through typing this I am throwing the rest of the pack in the trash . I could not discern the taste of chocolate & the aftertaste is really yucky.The Slim-fast high protein shake has a little less protein but worth the difference in taste .
 It did not work comparing for me . I tried - I failed . Will not recommend to buy . Even though it is cheaper .
 Sorry , but this formula was not effective for me.I used it for two weeks and did not notice any effect except for a minor burning in my stomach from the pepper extract in the formula .
 What happened to the lemon creme flavored tablets ? Has Maalox lost their minds ? I do n't like the mixed flavors . I am a very particular and vindictive shopper . I could not get what I wanted so I switched to TUMS . They 're harder to chew , but I am finding that they actually work a little better , even though the flavors are no better than the mixed Maalox tablets that are now available . Maalox may have lost a customer !
 I bought these because they were the least expensive . I wore them on a 4 mile jog and noticed that they were a little awkward and difficult to put on in a way that would n't irritate my skin . The next day I went on a 12 mile run and was completely chafed by the end . The velcro strap rubs against your skin and is very painful given time . They did help with my knees , but it was n't worth it .
 What you get is a plastic desk base with an acrylic lens . You have a small viewing area without distortion . Not the clearest view even in the sweet spot .
 I was using this product on my 5 year old . The label says `` tearless '' , but he got some of the product in his eye . He was hysterical and his eye turned red . I 'm not sure how they can put `` tearless '' on the label ? So , please be careful if you buy this for your child . I also was n't fond of the `` medicinal '' smell .
 The width of this product is much smaller than the original McKenzie lumbar half roll . Smaller people like me -LRB- 5 ' 6 '' , 142 lb -RRB- will find it too small to provide proper postural support in large chairs or deep theater seats.The firmness of this roll is good.Be aware that the seller places a 15 % restocking fee on returns as this was not stated in the listing for the item -LRB- this is a practice that Amazon should not allow without prior disclosure -RRB- .
 If you need to rearange the Bifocal to where you want it to beyou ca n't just pop it back in , now I 'm stuck with a reader thatwo n't hold the glass as it keeps falling out.Pice of crap !
 If you need to rearange the Bifocal to where you want it to beyou ca n't just pop it back in , now I 'm stuck with a reader thatwo n't hold the glass as it keeps falling out.Pice of crap !
 I bought this hoping it would have the sparkle of fresh ginger , but it tastes only of powdered dried ginger & sugar . No depth of flavor or nuance.Some people may enjoy , but it 's not my choice .
 Even for Altoids , this flavor is unusually strong . I could n't finish one . I will not be buying Ginger Alotids again .
 I got one of these to help me after I had major surgery . I have better than average hand and arm strength , but I found this particular model to be hard to operate -LRB- I ca n't imagine how someone with a weak grip could possibly use it -RRB- . Normal sized cans -LRB- like soup or beans -RRB- slipped out of its pitiful grip . I wound up using it just to roll things to myself when I dropped them and for picking up clothes for the wash . This is definitely a lightweight ... too light for much real use . I should have bought the heavier duty version for just a few dollars more .
 I 'm a 33 yr old woman with a strong grip . I bought this to pick up chip wrappers and plastic bags that blow into my yard , icky stuff I just do n't want to touch with my bare hands . It does work for that , but the grip is quite hard to squeeze and it is difficult to keep the jaws closed . Someone who has a weak grip would have a problem using this and managing it effectively.It is light in weight , as described , but it is not as effective as other models I have seen .
 I could use your help with this item . I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THIS CHITOSAN . Please advise on my next steps to either have my money returned or get the product .
 I have no complaints about this product per se , but considering you can get shave soap at your local walmart for $ 1.50 , why bother with this stuff ? It does smell nice , but it also did n't last long for me -LRB- about 3 weeks -RRB- , whereas the wally world stuff is lasting longer and is 1/4 the price .
 Disappointing ... While this shaving soap does work into a nice lather it does little to prevent razor burn or irritation . I would not recommend this product ; you 're better off with Aveeno or Nivea for Men . The novelty of this soap is cool but that 's all .
 To put it simple , id rather use gillete 's foamy over this , many people here love it , not my case . overrated
 I just got into shaving with a double edge razor . I 've been using an electric shaver for years and it got old . I bought everything I needed to start shaving with a safety razor . At first I thought it was my cheap brush drying my face out to a tight leather feel . I invested in a better brush but no luck still terrible razor burn . I bought new blades , still no luck . I tried different techniques for shaving and still got the terrible dry irritated skin with razor burn . As a last ditch effort before giving up I stole my dads shaving soap he buys from a different vendor . Worked awesome , great shave , and minimal irritation . With practice I 'm sure the irritation will go away completely . By trying a new soap I had a great shave and no dryness . I 'd suggest steering clear of this product . I bought three and will be tossing them in the trash if they do n't work for hand soap .
 If you want a good shave buy a can of shaving gel ! I do n't care how long you leav this stuff on you will not get a good shave . Also it dosent come with a brush or cup so make sheer your prepared .
 The soap did not lather up very well and my skin felt dryed out after using this soap . I went back to using my other canned shaving cream and got excellent results
 For me this bay rum shave puck was very , very dry . I hydrated with water very well . Soaked the razor in hot water and always run the razor under water when it gets full with cream . I put the soap on and by the time I got the razor on my skin , the razor did not glide like it should . It a very tacky , dry feeling like putting the razor on my bare skin with no soap or water . I wo n't purchase this again . I also did n't notice much of the bay rum smell when shaving . I did finish up with Clubman Bay Rum aftershave though for the full bay rum experience ! Giving 2 stars for this product . If no other product was available - that 's the only time I 'd buy this again . For all the good stuff I read about this soap prior to ordering -- I was really dissappointed .
 I rated this product two stars for a couple reasons . Scent would be a solid 4 stars as I like the scent of the soap puck but once lathered the scent changes to something less than impressive . Shave quality is where this product fails . First , it is VERY hard to get a good lather from this soap . Takes a while to load your brush and then you have to be very careful about how much water you use . Too much and the lather is runny , too little and it dries on your face . When you finally get the water in the lather just right , the lather is very slick but still very thin and does not provide a good cushion.That said , this is a cheap enough product to test whether you like a bay rum scent or to help introduce someone to wet shaving . Be sure that they do not have hard water or this product will be completely useless unless they shave with distilled water .
 This product arrived broken . The minute hand was broken off . The clock felt and looked very cheap . It took me two months to get a refund from the seller , MaxiAids .
 OZONE FRIENDLY SPRAY CAN DOES NOT SPRAY . CANT GET THE PRODUCT OUT OF THE CAN SO WASTE OF YOUR MONEY .
 Have used this product for several years and it does work well for odor control . However , in the past month I have had two cans fail - not by failing to spray as others have noted -LRB- safe -RRB- but by failing to turn off -LRB- dangerous -RRB- . I tried to lift the spay button on the last one to stop it and it blew right off and shot the very irritating concentrate into my face wearing glasses kept it out of my eyes -RRB- and all over the bath until I could rush it to the sink and let it empty itself down the drain . I called the customer comment number printed on the can - disconnected . Will never buy again - lucky it was n't a young child .
 I do n't want people to be fooled by these positive reviews obviously fake . I have used these they simply stink .
 Did not increase my metabolism nor did I lose 1 pound and I took all 60 pills . It was a waist
 No success at all , but I will keep trying . Maybe I am doing something wrong or eating to much , I do n't know ?
 i have taken things like this before and they worked great . unfortunately this did nothing for me . i did everything that i usually did and did not see any results and felt no extra energy .
 I took the whole bottle and only lost 5 pounds But I do n't even think that it was from the pills because I 've been working out and eating right . I think I will try a new pill next time
 I bought this item in hopes of it boosting my metabolism and helping me lose weight quicker . All it did was give me a little energy boost when I took it . It does not help you lose weight ! I work out twice a day and changed my diet while taking this and I did n't lose a single pound !! I do not recommend this .
 This product is ok , but I do n't care for ordering so many plastic boxes that are not recyclable ... I wrote the company about producing refills , but got no answer . Because of this , I am going to discontinue my automatic re-order .
 This is my first -LRB- and I assure you last -RRB- experience with a liquid SJW extraction , but I 've tried two different capsules in the past . those sometimes gave a funny `` hay-like '' aftertaste.I decided to try this extract instead because supposedly the pharmacological effects are more predictable with a liquid extract . I think I get less effect from it than the tablets and choking it down is very difficult because of the really terrible taste . I 've tried mixing it with water -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- and also just dripping it straight down my throat , but either way its really a horrible awful terrible experience.Once again , this is the only liquid extract I 've tried so I do n't know how it compares to others , but compared to capsules and tablets I found the experience horrifying -LRB- after three days I 've ordered capsules again -RRB- .
 I thought I was buying silicone gel strips like I had bought from my plastic surgeon . These were more like paper not silicone .
 This product did nothing but help my wallet lose weight . So much for a &#34; Dr. Oz &#34; recommendation ! Save your money .
 Product does not live up to claims . It has n't done anything for me and i have been following the instruction exactly over the past two months . I wo n't be reordering .
 This just did not work for me at all . I would never buy again as it just did not work for me . I wish it would have though .
 My fault on this one , just go to the first reviews written it says it does not work . To all you fake people giving false reviews F@#$ you ! And shame on you amazon for allowing this the same reviews are used everywhere and are probably written by the same company that sells them . Save your money , it does not work ! Took the whole bottle all 3 at once and at separate times no difference what so ever ! Throw you money out the window better at least you will make someones day not support these crooks !
 I am surprised by the high rating this product gets considering it did n't do a darn thing . I guess a lot of people are easily bamboozled . Save you money .
 I thought this would help with weight loss and anxiety . I took my first pill before bed as someone suggested . I woke up with a splitting headache . So I took two excederine . Within 30 min . my chest was tight , my arms and legs were tingling and I had labored breathing . Threw me right into a panic attack . I will never take this again . I looked up the reactions which are hard to find online . There they were , everything from the headache to the resperitory distress . I take no other meds but a one a day vitamin and flexamin . Nothing that would cause this . I also do n't drink . The two ingredients in relora are processed by the liver , so is excederine . I do n't know if this caused my reaction . Glad this works for some , but not for me.Now Foods Relora 300 mg , Veg-capsules , 120-Count
 Dr. Oz recommended , we used , no impact , but who knows if we missed something that many others seemed to have experienced . I do not recommend it ; but I 'm no Dr Oz ...
 I had read on a message board that this product would help with my appetite and control the weight gain that goes along with a prescription medication that I 'm using . I have n't experienced that at all .
 I like that this works and stops my cravings . It 's also very relaxing and chills you out as other reviewers mentioned . Unfortunately this leaves me `` hungover '' the next day , it just saps my energy . I thought this would pass and continued using it for a few more days , sadly it just made me groggy so I stopped using it . So as much as I like that it does work , I just do n't like it 's side effects on me .
 This and other herbs -LRB- like Kava -RRB- have the opposite effect on me . They make me more anxious . Everyone 's reactions can be so diverse to any herbs , vitamins or medications .
 I have been taking it for a few weeks now and really have n't noticed a difference in my mood . I was having a few issues during those two weeks so I 'm going to keep taking it for a while longer . The nice thing is I did n't have any side effects after taking it . This is a really big deal for me because I am allergic to a lot of supplements , which makes it hard to find stuff that I can take . The capsules do not have a funny smell and there is no after taste , which is nice . I 'm just unsure if it will lower my stress and lighten my mood ... I need more time to find this out.Update
 My stress levels have n't changed , or I should say , my physical well-being regarding stress has n't changed and I have n't lost any weight . I never experienced any side effects , which is good . But I have n't experienced anything else either . I 'm disappointed .
 I tried this product for a few weeks and it had a reverse effect on me . I was more anxious and more hungry . I then tried Relora with Diet Support , but unfortunately , experienced the same .
 I read all of the great reviews for this product , but it did not work for me . I had such high hopes that it would , but sadly , no . I must say , however , that the company that sent me the product , Swanson Foods , was fantastic ! The Relora was at my home within the week ordered . Great company .
 It did n't help my appetite . If you want something that works try ACE . It will kill your appetite and help you lose that awful water weight . I lost 9lbs in the first 9 days . lose-weight-with-ace . lovemyace.com /
 I got this humidifer for my daughter 's bedroom . She loved the big apple but it only ran for about one hour at a time , then automatically shut off . Tried all the troubleshooting suggestions to no avail . I had to return it . HOWEVER , I did buy the penguin shape for my 2nd daughter 's room and that one works great .
 I bought this Apple humidifier in early November . It stopped working soon at the first time I used it . I later found out that there was no water exchange unless you shake it or move it so that it might continue to work for a while and then stopped again . You have to repeat the above steps in order to keep it working . I contacted the manufacturer and got replacement . However , the new one has the same problem , and what 's worse , it leaks !! I talked to the manufacturer again , but they did n't think there should be such problem and refused to do anything else . Now I have to keep this defected machine and have no idea what to do !
 we received it with broken cover . It did n't work properly and stopped running every hour . We tried different ways to make it run , but nothing worked . We 've returned it . It 's just waste of money.On the other hand the COW-humidifier which we bought at the same time is fine and running well . No complaints .
 I really like the Crane humidifiers for children , my youngest daughter has been using the penguin at night for quite some time . It occasionally glugs but the most part is very quiet . So I was confident that the apple shape my elder daughter chose would be just as good . I was surprised when it arrived as the water cannister was much flatter and smaller than I had expected and the design of the base which controled the water flow was different . Still we started to use it and quickly discovered that it did n't detect the water level accurately and frequently turned itself off . This may be a fault with the one I received and so I have sent it back , or it may be a design flaw with this shape . I have just received the soccer ball and the base on this looks more like the penguin and the water cannister is more like a sphere . So although I have n't had chance to use it I am more hopeful of success.It is important to empty these humidifiers regularly and clean them , I forgot for a few days and was horrified at the build up of slimy stuff and the smell of mould in such a short time !
 I purchased this orange humidifer and promptly returned it . I already have the penguin which is also by this company ... and that one worked perfectly . I do n't know if it is because of the design ... but this one shuts off after about ten minutes of running . You have to constantly shake it to get it going again . Obviously a manufacturer error . I must say it is completely adorable and asthetically a complete pleasure to look at . My kids wanted me to keep it because it was that cute . But , it just did n't work .
 I tried to calibrate this thing several times , followed the directions , etc. . No matter what I tried , this unit was simply inaccurate . I ended up sticking with a non-digital caliper.The non-digital calipers I had accurately calculated my % body fat -LRB- approx 14 % -RRB- - while this one put me at 4 % time and time again -LRB- not even possible -RRB- . I would not waste your money on the technology - stick with the $ 8 non-digital type .
 Most importantly , the device renders highly variable readings if i take the readings repeatedly at one time . This issue renders the product unsuitable . The device senses when the reading is complete and beeps so this can not be controlled by the user . The measurements in one spot can deviate by up to 10MM !!! In addition , the directions are quite poorly written , even though i read the instructions many times . The controls on the device are also not intuitive , resulting in having to read the manual to operate the device . This is time consuming . I have a graduate degree so i think i know good writing from bad writing .
 Wish I had the model number of the Conair model that I 'm using now ... it 's on Amazon ... looks similar but white with a thumb-button on top just back of the nozzle and the release tab is in back rather than under the nozzle . This one I had a long time ago and it stopped working in few months . The one I have now has been working great for four years . Love the warm lather it produces ... just hot enough , specially in my slightly cold-during-winter bathroom .
 Charged $ 10 for shipping of item that weighed less than 1 lb . Item was not as described-form led me to believe it was 1-fits all . Shipped a med .
 These are not helping as far as I can tell . It may take a little longer . No results so far . Not sure they are worth the money . A little expensive for something that is n't working . Probably will not buy again unless there is improvement .
 Jury is still out . Must use this product for at least 60 days . So far there is no improvement . Hopeful this will change .
 Have had ringing for at least 3 years , maybe more . Noticed them since taking BP meds , and after getting a pacemaker . Also may have been exposed to loud noises years ago.Anyway , I saw an ad for this on TV . Began taking LF as directed . I noticed occasional EARACHES and HEADACHES , which I did NOT have before . Still ringing to beat the band . But I will finish the bottle and let you know if it works later.The package mentions ` Number 1 doctor recommended ' , but lists NO DOCTORS or statistics to back its claim . Also says GUARANTEED results - but not money back . Well , I got results , but they were WORSE!Note2
 this product has done nothing . I have taken it as sugested the rining is as bad as it was when i started.Glenn
 I 've had the ringing in my ears for years-high pitch and wavering . Very annoying and was hoping it would go away with this . But I 've been taking this for 2 weeks and nothing has changed . I thought with all the good reviews I would finally get some relief . So frustrating . Thumbs down .
 Total waste of money after buying 2 boxes of Lipo-Flavonid Plus -LRB- 200 caplets -RRB- and taking 6 a day I have no relieve at all , save your money and spend it on your kids.Now if i could just get my money back that would be greatLipoflavonoid Plus Caplets 100
 I have used a full 100 caplets of Lipo-Flavonoid , and can not tell any difference in the ringing in my ears . If anything , the ringing is more intense , possibly since I am paying more attention to my problem while taking the Lipo-Flavonoid . From my experience , I can not recommend this product , nor would I suggest buying it for Tinnitus .
 http://www.amazon.com/Lipoflavonoid-Plus-100-CapletsI bought the 100 caplet container and followed their recommendation to take a double dose at first . I took two caplets , three times a day until I used up the entire bottle . I decided that if this stuff was going to do me any good , that I would at least notice * some * difference in my tinnitus after this 16 day trial.I acknowledge that they recommend to use for at least six months to get results . They recommend to take two caplets three times a day for the first two months , and then take one caplet three times a day thereafter and continue until at least six months from the start.If you do the numbers , the first two months is going to cost almost $ 100 , and then four more months at half that dose will be another $ 100 . I was n't willing to spend that much without at least a small indication that this stuff would do any good . At this point I detect NO change at all . So , if you want to really give this stuff a full test , you probably should spring for at least six bottles right up front . One bottle really does n't show me any result at all . I do n't think I am willing to spend more on it right now .
 These do not work . Do an internet search for `` lipoflavonoid scam '' and read through the results . I hope I can save you 25 bucks.I experience tinnitus , and it is no fun . Unfortunately , there simply is no medical cure at the moment . I wanted relief so I thought I 'd give these a try . If anything , my symptoms have gotten worse after five weeks . I do not know if these pills made my symptoms worse or not , but they certainly have not made it better , and I have been taking them for five weeks now as recommended.It 's frustrating that companies like this one claim they have a cure , then charge an outrageous price for what equates to overpriced vitamins . Do your homework , save your money !
 This product did absolutely no good at all for me . I was very disappointed.The ringing and thumping are as bad as ever .
 so far ... few weeks after and NO impruvment!I took the pills and did not see any results , I still have ringing in my ear ...
 Tried this `` product '' for 60 days for the ringing in my ear . The only thing I got rid of was the $ 50.00 I paid for the 60 day supply . What a joke ; it had no effect . I understand why Liproflavoid has never been evaluated by the FDA . They would n't even respond to my emails . Do n't waste your money or time . It 's bogus .
 Per my ear doctor 's recommendation -LRB- with no guarantees -RRB- , with faith I took Lipoflavonoid supplement for 12 months at 3 pills per day ... Needless to say , it cost me a lot of money and the constant ringing/loud hissing noises/pitches in one , then both ears , did n't reduce , let alone diminish ; instead they have gotten worse ! Due to my frustration et al , I am calling this supplement a HOAX - another one of those snake medicines -LRB- ? -RRB- : /
 the claims are false , I have tinnitus and this product makes zero difference after 30 days of continuous use , but I expected that but it was worth a try ...
 I have tried these Lipo-Flavonoid supplements for a couple of months now , they were advertised to reduce ringing in the ears . After prescribed use they have n't lessened the ringing in my ears one iota , a big ripoff . This product does n't work as advertised .
 Everyone who has ringing in their ears hopes for a miracle cure . This alas is not that . Since none of the doctors know what actually causes the ringing , it begs the question how can they know how to cure it . Followed the directions tot the letter and four months later the ringing is just as bad as it ever was . Do n't waste your money
 I ordered the LIPO-FLAVONOID for the ringing in my ears which it is advertised to cure or reduce . First couple of bottles I bought at a pharmacy then more through Amazon . I have n't found any relief . They also advertise satisfaction guaranteed . I 'll be contacting them about my refund and then notifing Amazon about their response .
 Went through several bottles with no noticeable result , but I know there is no magic bullet for tinnitus so the search continues ... I mistakenly made two separate orders , one for this and one for Lipo-Flavonoid Plus Dietary Supplement , For Ear Health * 100 ea and immediately asked them to cancel this order to no avail . Completely ignored . I could have disputed it but it was n't worth it . Passing the rest on to a friend to see if it will work for him . Just beware customer service is not sparkling .
 I 've been taking lipo for more than 2 weeks & today has to be the loudess ringing to date.I do n't think this stuff works.I 'll let you know if there 's a change .
 My ears were ringing for several months and I was desperate and bought this product and followed the directions for the full term as suggested . IT DID N'T WORK . I am not saying the ingredients do n't have a benefit for the body but not all ear ringing is solved with this supplement . In the case of Meniere 's Syndrome , which I had , my ear ringing was caused by a herpes virus that took Lysine and Propolis to correct . The flavonoids and vitamins , although always helpful , did nothing in this case to correct the problem . SInce this stuff is so expensive , I would suggets just buying lemon bioflavonoid and B complex to help .
 I 'm a former USMC artillery officer and a retired -LRB- 30 years -RRB- Federal law enforcement officer . I 've suffered from Tinnitus for many years and have been to more than a few doctors -LRB- FP , IM , ENT -RRB- seeking some relief . Diagnosis of my affliction was always the same , nerve damage , and I was informed there was no medical or other relief available . I was told that some products such as caffeine or aspirin could exasperate the condition . More recently I spoke with my Internal Medicine primary physician who , again , gave the same prognosis . When I mentioned this product he looked at me in disbelief and simply smiled . I should have listened to him ; however , being desperate I was willing to give this product a try . I 've used this product for many months now with NO relief . I would not purchase this product again .
 This product had no benefit at all . Do not waste your money . I purchased this product about two months ago and I have taken roughly 200 pills .
 I tried this product for tinnitus with no results at all . IMHO , this product is a complete scam and should be taken off the market .
 My wife has terrible ringing in her ears and I thought we would give this a shot . It claims to help tinnitus . She has followed the multiple dosage to a tee since we received the Lipo-Flavonoid and no change.My suggestion is do n't waste your money . I would give it zero stars as its worthless but you ca n't send the review .
 I use this product for over 2 months at double dose and got zero improvement.It seems for the reviews that it help for Menier disease since it is possible that it can go away by itself.In the case of Tinniitus it is worthless don ' r waste your money on this crap ... syl
 It did no good . You can tell by the supposed guarantee , they want to buy 2 or more bottles before you decide it does n't work . They know at that point most people will just give up .
 Maybe these pills work for certain types of tinnitus but not for me . I tried them b/c I was desperate but the pills are huge and you need to take a lot of them - 6 per day . It gets tiring taking that many pills in a day and not seeing any significant improvement . Your tinnitus may change , get better , get worse , but I do n't think the pills have anything to do with it . They 're not harmful , so if you suffer from tinnitus , I would try a small bottle just to see but do n't waste a ton of money on a big bottle .
 After several months and 700 tablets , I had no change at all . This was very disappointing since I was so hopeful after reading other reviews . I 'm not willing to do another batch of 500 .
 I was really hoping these would help my ringing but they did not . It was worth a try though . Maybe it will work for you . : -RRB-
 My father had a horrible fall , resulting in him being hospitalized . After coming home , he had a very LOUD ringing in both ears for 5 + months straight , and so far it has n't stopped . He tried Lipoflavanoid for many months , and it has n't done ANYTHING to ease his Tinnitus and it has n't changed whatsoever . Sleep is still impossible and so is functioning throughout the day . I do not recommend this horrible product.Ring ring ring ringggggggg !!!!!!
 I have been taking this for 2.5 months with no results . Save your money this does absolutely nothing to improve tennitis .
 Guaranteed No results . Will you refund my money ? I am very disappointed with this product . I followed the directions and took three tablets each day for six months as recommended and in that period of time there was absolutely no difference in my hearing and it did NOT have any impact on the ringing -LRB- tinnitus -RRB- in my ear . Stay away from this product . Amazon should stop selling it .
 I did n't have any luck with this product - still have ringing and noise in my ear . Made no difference whatsoever.Lipoflavonoid Plus Caplets 100
 I bought two 500 tablet containers and I am just about finished with the second one . I have been taking 4 tablets a day for the last eight months and there is no difference in my hearing . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It just does not work .
 I just finished a 500 caplet bottle take 3/day , and there has been no change in the level of the high-pitched whine I 've tolerated for the past 25 years . I was really hoping it would have worked to some degree .
 I had hearing loss in my left ear for about a year , along with an annoying engine sound . Not a ringing sound , but a whooshing engine sound that corresponded to my heart beat . I tried these pills since all else had failed and they failed , too . Ear `` specialists '' told me I either had acoustic neuroma -LRB- I did not -RRB- or I would just have to live with this the rest of my life . A friend referred me to a Chiropractor and he reset my back and neck and the ringing diminished and I could hear a lot better out of my left ear . It did n't hurt at all and took just a few seconds . I still have a couple more appointments since it will take a while for my body to adjust and stay in place since it has been out of place for over a year . Go see a chiropractor ! Find the oldest one in your area who has seen it all ! Good luck !
 I think this product should be banned A.S.A.P. before someone gets badly hurt or die from it if it has not happened already .
 I have been using this since I received it about a month ago . No difference . It says it is guaranteed but for what ? Stay away at least from my perspective . Others seems to think it works though .
 I have had tinnitus for as long as I can remember . So , in desperation , I thought to give this product a try based on the recommendations I read on Amazon and elsewhere . I have been taking the product as instructed for about 6 - 8 weeks and find the only thing relieved was my bank balance . I would caution everyone to thoroughly research their problem , seek advice and help from a reputable ENT , then go ahead and try it if you wish , but do n't have high expectations . I did and I have been disappointed .
 The product label says to take 2 pills after a meal 3 times a day for fastest results . Well , that 's exactly what I did for an entire month and I noticed no improvement at all . It might have even made things worse as my ears feel more stuffy and the ringing is more noticeable , like when you bend over too fast and the blood rushes to your head . The product is supposed to increase blood flow to the ears , so maybe that 's what 's causing it . I guess it 's worth a try since there are several good reviews , but everyone 's tinnitus is different .
 Lipoflavonoid Plus Caplets 100 , `` Does n't work at all I purchase 2 bottles and took as directed ; save your money this is just pure junkFrank ''
 I had high hopes for this product but no results-except for the vitamin content its pretty much usless . To have to take these pills for 6 months -LRB- 3 a day -RRB- to MAYBE get results is I think is bit much . Good luck !
 These pills did nothing for me , but a friend suggested seeing a chiropractor since I think the sound in my ear is due to something structural around me ear . -LRB- All the `` specialist '' docs say my ear is fine , but I hear my heartbeat very loudly in my ear and it 's not fine . -RRB- With two crunches of my neck , the chiropractor got a lot of the hearing back in my ear , but the volume is n't as good as my other ear . Still much better though . I think these pills made me gain about 7 pounds . I lost the weight after I stopped taking them .
 I have used three bottles 100 count , taking two pills three times a day and still have the same amount of ringing in my ears . For me it was a waist of money ...
 I used the entire bottle of Lipo-Flavonoid caplets with no apparent reduction of the noise in my ears ! The high pitched noise is still present.Frank Seymour
 Went through several bottles with no noticeable result , but I know there is no magic bullet for tinnitus so the search continues ... I mistakenly made two separate orders , one for this and one forLIPOFLAVONOID PLUS CAPLETSand immediately asked them to cancel the other to no avail . Completely ignored . I could have disputed it but it was n't worth it . Passing the rest on to a friend to see if it will work for him . Just beware customer service is not sparkling .
 Two months into taking this product and the ringing in my ears has n't changed one little bit . I have a couple more months of pills left to take and I do n't think I 'll reorder them . Live and learn . Should have spent the money on a trip to a ENT doctor and had it checked out .
 I have had tinnitus for about four years . It has gotten progressively worse with each year . Mine is a very high pitch constant sound like you hear when a microphone feeds back through a PA system . I decided to try this product out of desperation which is how a lot of companies make millions . I was suspicious at first sense their was no money back guarentee but I plunked down my thirty dollars anyway . I grew even more suspicious when I took it out of the box and saw a sticker on top of the bottle that said `` Use for 60 Days '' when all of their adds say `` Results in 30 Days '' . It also said on the `` recommended intake '' on the back of the bottle `` For faster results to double the normal dosage -LRB- 1 caplet 3 times per day -RRB- for up to 2 months . Then it states `` For best results use for at least 6 months !! I felt a bit like I 've been had but I decided to commit to seeing it through on the double dose for one month followed by plunking down another 30 bucks and take the regular dosage for the second month . I figured if I didnt see any results at all from that , then it was ` nt going to help at all.The end result was that my tinnitus remains just as it was , my pee changed to a nicer shade of yellow , and I made this company a little richer .
 After having ringing in my ears for nearly a year , I broke down and paid the big bucksfor this `` snake oil '' . After nearly a month using the product there is no improvementin decreasing the ringing in my ears . Do n't waste your $ $ $ !
 I was disappointed that it did n't take care of the ringing in MY ears . It was recommended to me by ear doctor .
 I have trouble with ringing in my left ear , and my Doctor recommended Lipo-Flavinoid ; as it is touted as a possible cure for tinnitus . After three months of use , I found no difference whatsoever in the ringing .
 I 'm still buzzing . I guess it helps some and not everyone . Worth a try it can only help , I hope .
 When I ordered this product , I did n't expect it to work , but I was so hoping it would , so I ordered it . Unfortunately I was right . It did n't work !
 It is a terrible lie , it does not work at all , I have used for a wekk and I have not see any change whatsoever .
 60 days = nothing . Nada . Zip . I am in the VA medical care system and the hearing specialists told me -LRB- after I used this product for 60 days -RRB- that there is NO CURE for tinnitus . Save your money .
 Have been using this for almost 1 month -LRB- 2 pills 3 times a day -RRB- so far no difference in my very loud ringing . I will continue using for 3 months as explained in the literature and let you know if anything changes
 Plain and simple ; it does n't work . This product did absolutely nothing to reduce the hissing/ringing even though I followed the directions to the letter .
 Im an athele and a supplement taker . This stuff did absolutely nothing for me . . Beware of any product that tells you to take massive doses in order to get results . If it were any good or potent wouldnt that be dangerous ? I for one think that this is a scam product preying on hurting folks . . Dont waste your money ...
 After my trusted ENT diagnosed me with tinnitus and was told that there is not much that can be done about it , I began researching online for options . Lipo-Flavonoid came up with mixed reviews , so I figured why not give it a try . I ordered it , it arrived quickly , and I began taking it as directed on the packaging.After using up my bottle of 100 caplets my tinnitus has not improved by even the slightest amount . Maybe it 'll work for you but I wo n't continue to take it .
 I have tinnitus in my left ear probably caused by high blood pressure , anyway , I am well into my second bottle of 100 tablets with no improvement at all . I will finish the bottle and then do an evaluation . If no improvement then it 's adios . HB Portland , OR
 Over the years -LRB- 10 + -RRB- I 've asked various Drs and regular folks `` is there a cure for tinitus ? '' Everyone has assured me the '' the damage has been done-unfixable '' Well , after taking the Lipo Flavaniod cure for over a month I can report that the experts are correct . This is just another scam that gives the Wholistic Medical movement a black eye . Do n't fall for it ! D.
 While this product may be good for some it did not work for me . I have noticed no difference since taking this product .
 Lipoflavonoid is Ineffective in Meniere 's Syndrome . It 's possible that many people who have noted improvemenet on the drug may be those in whom Meniere 's Syndrome has simply gone away by itself . It is common for the symptoms to decrease or disappear spontaneously . I read of the product in Dr. Gott 's newespaper column in the local Napa Register , and since he often gives what I consider to be excellent medical advice to those who write in with health questions , I decided -LRB- against my better judgement -RRB- to give the drug a try . The instructions recommend at least six months of treatment . I am in my seventh month , and there is no improvement.Incidentally , I could not find any bona fide scientiific article regarding lipoflavonoid . There are many testimonials , but they are meaningless , bcause as noted , improvement can be due to the natural ababtement of symptoms or to the pacebo effect . Your customers should not waste their money on this stuff . I had to give it one star , because I could not send it without one . It really deserves NO STARS!I bet this review will not show up on your web site . Too bad for thse who pay the high price for this ineffective medicine . Joseph D Sabella , MD -LRB- Retired -RRB-
 If you order this thinking the ringing in your ears is going to stop , forget it.While there may be a tiny fraction of the population that this will help , most people suffer from nerve damage in the ear , and this product will not help at all.The company was slow to ship , and the product is relatively expensive.Bottom line - snake oil .
 I have ringing in my left ear . I had a hearing test which showed no problems . Had a MRI which showed no problems . My ENT doctor told me that millions of people have ringing and in most cases nothing can be done to correct it . So I decided to give LIPO-FLAVONOID a try . I used this product as directed for six months with absolutely no improvement . I really did not expect it to help as it is just a combination of vitamins . I suppose if a person has a vitamin deficiency then this product might help .
 This product had no effect on the ringing in my ears . Zero !!!! Zip !!! Nada !!! Save your money , and do n't waste your time !!!
 I took 100 caplets following the heavy dose recommendation . I had no beneficial effects . While taking the caplets , I experienced red whelps with itching on my lower legs , elbows , arms , and neck about the size of fingertips -- like insect bites except the red places were almost perfectly round .
 I have only taken this product for one month and sometimes it takes longer for results , so we will see what happens after another month .
 I would like to be able to share my experience about this product , however it has not shown up yet !
 I tried this product for two months and had no results at all . I was taking other suppliments and thought this one could be the answer to my knee problem . I would n't recommend this product to any one else .
 I have tried this product using 2 pills 3 times daily for 6 months . It does n't work ! I do n't know why they claim it is # 1 doctor recommended . I visited 4 different doctors with different specialties and they all told me that it does n't work !
 Have not eased the ringing in the least . It 's still as bad as ever . These products should be tested more efficiently .
 Ok I 've tried it for 2 months . Ringing is loud as ever . Not even a slight decrease . A total waste of time and money !
 I was very disappointed with this product . I bought 2 bottles and took every pill . I saw no improvement . Do not bother to order it .
 I took the product as prescribed - 6 pills/day for 60 days . Zero benefit for tinitus and minor hearing loss . Product says `` guaranteed results '' . I contacted them to determine what that means . They never replied . Do n't waste your money and do n't support a company that opts to not provide support .
 I 've been using this product for almost 30 days and I have yet to notice any difference in my tinitus . The instructions say to use it for 60 days and you will notice a difference , but I would have hoped after 30 days , I would be able to notice SOME kind of difference . I do n't think I 'm going to continue it for another 30 days to find out .
 The instructions say you should see results within 60 days taking 1 caplet 3 times a day . But you can speed up results by taking 2 caplets 3 times a day . I have been taking 2 caplets 3 times a day with NO RESULTS . I will finish bottle and NOT buy this product again . If the manufacture wants me to continue send me a FREE BOTTLE and I will give you my honest opinion IF IT WORKS . Right now it was a waste of my money and I would like to have a REFUND .
 I have read reviews from people who say this product has helped with tennitus - for me it was a waste of money . I have been taking it for over two months , did the double dousage for the first few weeks and have noticed no change .
 I used at least 2 bottles of this stuff and it did not help me . But my ringing is not real bad , perhaps if it was real bad it would improve it .
 I bought Lipo Flavonoid for my strong and permanent tinnitus and I took 6 pills per day during three months without any practical result . I knew from the beginning that this product was mainly good for Meniere and didnt work 100 % for tinnitus . Unfortunately this was my case . My one star corresponds to my personal experience but I dont want to discourage other people who may find Lipo Flavonoid positive to reduce or cure other types of tinnitus .
 these types of product do not work for me but the blanket diagnosis of Menier 's should be reevaluated in terms of Benign Positional Vertigo . Physical manipulation of the head puts back some of the material which has gotten loose from within the inner ear . It can jam the gyroscopic function of the ear and scramble brain signals which trigger often severe vertigo . Once other possible causes were eliminated , simple physical therapy eliminated my vertigo and lessened the ringing . I have not had severe vertigo in several years . Very minor symptoms may require a repeat of the exercises which can be done at home once the physical therapist has established which side -LRB- or both -RRB- and shows you how it is done . It usually only require one or two tries to nip it in the bud .
 I have tinnitus , and advanced Meniere 's -LRB- Virtigo and that nasty world -RRB- . Decided to try this product to lessen the ringing . Been taking these for a couple of weeks now , and find no effect . I do see about 50/50 on people claiming it does work , so if you experience this world , it still might be worth a try .
 Lipoflavonoid is nothing more than lemon peel . That is the main ingredient in this NON-FDA approved supplement . The makers throw in a bit of vitamins C , niacin and B6 , B12 and some calcium . They claim it helps ear noise by increasing blood flow to the inner ear but this has never been proven in double-blind trials . Basically , it is an overpriced multi-vitimin . Hey , it may work for some but it was a waste of money for me.The makers say you have to use it a MINIMUM of 6 months to see ANY results !!! Now , at 25 bucks a bottle they are going to get a few hundred dollars out of you before you realize it ai n't working.Oh , and the fun part
 I tried this for one month , at the maximum dose , as written on the box . Unfortunately , it did not diminish the ringing .
 Went through 600 caps with zero improvement . However , the company honored their money-back policy . Good to do business with a firm like this . We need more of them !
 I tried this stuff for 2 months taking pills twice a day . After that time the ringing in my ear still did n't go away . Who knows , I guess it works for some and does n't work for others .
 Have almost finished 600 of these caplets and ringing in ears has n't changed a bit . Took dosage of 6 per day as recommended by manufacturer . They did nothing for my constant ringing in the ears . I 'll not continue when the last few caplets are gone .
 My Ears Ring A Lot and this product is advertised as a Cure . It might work on some but not Me . I am on my second 500 count bottle and no change . I will give it up when this bottle is gone .
 Bought two bottles , followed the directions and took for 60 days . Made me jittery , upset my stomech and lost sleep . Had no effect on my ringing or hearing . A waste of money for me .
 Ca n't understand how so many people like this bar . I have been eating different protein bars for well over 20 years now and every detour bar I have ever tried , I ended up throwing away . An absolute horrible , artificial after taste is what greets you every time you bite into one . If you truly value good taste , do not waste your money on these bars . There are much better choices out there .
 I bought the Caramel Peanut , Peanut Butter cream and choco chip caramel combo from Costco and I figured Ill give these a shot since they have lower calories than the Apex FIT Bar I am currently eating.I really regret buying this in bulk because I thought when they meant lower in sugar that it wasnt really going to be that sweet . Oh boy was I wrong , this bar is loaded with that `` artificial sugar '' that it makes it super sweet and it comes with that not so gratifying after taste . Im usually not the sensitive type when it comes to taste . In fact I could tolerate a lot of `` bad taste '' but this one is pretty . Just FYI , these artificial splenda type of sugar might decrease the calorie and sugar amount but it doesnt mean its the best for you either .
 Artificial sweetners make me terribly sick . I did n't notice it was in here until after I bought the Detour bars . I wish they would ban this artificial sweetners or at least require them to make it very visible on the package that it contains it .
 Yes it tastes good because it is nothing but a chemically engineered candy bar - check ingredients , high fructose corn syrup , sucralose , etc , etc - you are being fooled into thinking it is good for you , or healthy , because of the nutritional stats of low carb , no sugar , and high protein but this is a chemical candy bar - check out www.thinkproducts.com for natural , sugar free , high protein - I do not work for them .
 Ordered the low sugar product and did not get it . I got the one with more sugar . Did not want to bother with returning . Probably will never order again .
 Probably the worst meal replacement/supplementI 've ever tasted . Huge after-taste and do n'tforget NON-RETURNABLE - even after one bar.Not only do they test terrible but researchis now showing that high peanut content foodscause skin problems.My skin cleared up overnight after eliminatingall peanut based products from my diet.Look for a bar that offers digestive enzymesand all the right kind of protein your body needs.We live and learn
 I tried this brand of protein bars and they 're awful . They leave a terrible taste in your mouth . Luna protein bars are WAY , WAY better . They have a few grams more sugar but I 'd rather enjoy what I 'm eating than choke down one of these just to get some protein .
 It 's not tasty . Not sweet . It 's dry and taste like powder protein . I will not be purchasing this brand anymore .
 I 'm on a low-carb , low-sugar diet and have found many bars that are tasty and fit within my requirements . In fact , there are n't many bars that I dislike ; ask my husband -- I 'll eat just about anything ! But this bar is absolutely Horrible tasting . I ate one and thought I was just being picky , so I waited a few days and ate another ; I had to force myself to finish it . I also noticed that for about 3 hours afterwards , I 'm a bit nauseous . Just gross . I wish I could send them back , as I bought a box of 12 ...
 As a mom with a 4-year-old , I have plenty of stains to try this product on . It does n't work on grease spots on fabric -LRB- using liquid laundry soap directly seems to work better -RRB- . It does n't do squat for mildew stains on grout -LRB- Bon Ami or simple baking soda with a scrub brush -RRB- . Blood from a bloody nose on a shirt ? Nope . Blueberries ? No . Tea ? No . It also has a rather strong and unpleasant citrus smell -LRB- and I do n't find most citrus scented cleaners intolerable -RRB- . Bac-out already works well enough for any pet stains or pee on carpet , so I have n't used it for that . It could work , but like I said , the smell is too strong for me to want to spray it somewhere I could n't wash it well . I bought this because our local store that sells environmentally friendly products ran out of Begley 's Best -LRB- which we loved -RRB- . I am sad to say that my dark colored solid cotton shirts are still marked with grease spots that would have been history with the Begley 's Best . Oh well . I keep trying it on random things , but I ca n't find a good use for it .
 I purchased 6 bottles of Flora-Q 2 Double Strength and expected the same quality of delivery method I have had with other vendor earlier . Unfortunately this time I did not pay much attention when I received the order . From the outlook they were all looked fine . I started to take a bottle at a time . After 3 months , when I open up third bottle , I found the bottle is broken . I emailed DHMedical to request a exchange because of broken bottle . I got response saying they can not accept return on a 3 month old order . I will not order this through DHMedical any more because their delivery envelope is not strong enough to protect glass bottle item . If you want to order from them , keep your fingers crossed . Maybe you will get broken bottle in your order .
 We never received the item and also only one follow up from supplier after three email . Per supplier this is a recall item and they waived the charges.Question was if they delivered the item , which I never received the answer back from supplier .
 Received the correct quantity but came as loose items in an envelope and not in a box for easy retrieval ... had to find my own container to store these in .
 The item description is incorrect and I was mislead . The box only contained 25 packets of two tablets each not 50 as the description leads you to believe . Yes . technically the math is correct 25 packs x 2 tables = 50 but I expected 50 packets . I would not buy this agian via amazon . I did get a box of 50 packets from CVS .
 I thought this would be a good product -LRB- good brand name , etc. -RRB- . It arrived in a huge box with lots of bubble wrap protection . However , the product must be defective or poorly designed . I filled it with dishwashing soap , stood it up on the counter and all was well until I returned 15 minutes later to see the soap all over the counter . I checked that it had been tightened properly -- yes . Placed it on the sink and it leaked again . From this experience I would not recommend it .
 I bought four of these to use for protein shakes . The caps do not seal very well . You can not transport drinks in them because the caps can easily come off . Also , when shaking my drinks they often leak out around the cap and shake all over the place . Any pressure around the outside of the cup -LRB- such as your hand when shaking the cup -RRB- will break the seal and cause leaking.Update
 I found that the bottle is n't large enough to hold 8oz of liquid plus my one scoop of protein powder and half scoop of dextrose powder . I only need to measure out 8 ounces of liquid but I need a bigger bottle , this one is useless for me .
 This product is almost as small as a large shot glass ! I 'm not happy with this purchase and wish I could get my money back . The top does n't stay on and it was smaller than I had believed when I ordered it . Serves almost No purpose being that small . Waste of money . .
 This hardly counts as a shaker bottle . There is no grate or ball to break up the powder . I heard it was small but I did n't think that was to much of a problem . It really is far to small . If you shotgun your supplements alltogether in a gritty barely wet mixture of water and powder then this may be for you . I want enough milk to go with my protein shake to actually make a protein shake . That is not that big . Standard size is way enough . This however is so small its a wonder you can get a scoop of powder in there with the water . And once its in there ? Nothing works to break it up , so using milk is much more difficult . Additionally its not that sturdy.Go for the full size . Trust me .
 This toothpaste wont generate foams as regular toothpaste so it 's actually very hard to expose them to your teeth to the largest extend . Your teeth ended up not in much contact with the toothpaste to fully get the benefit from it .
 After trying out the Merkur Futur I 'm really disappointed - it really is overkill . I like the idea of an adjustable razor because I 'm prone to cut myself in predictable places when shaving , and parts of my face are more `` tender '' than others . Other than the adjustability , there 's not a lot I like about this razor . First and most important , it is too big , and it is needlessly overweight . The problem with the size is that the head is too big to have good control over margins around my beard . I have a goatee and when I tried to shave right up the edge of my beard , I ca n't see what I 'm doing . The razor is so heavy that you have little feel for what is going on at the cutting edge . I also have a Merkur 180 and when I finish shaving I like to loosen the head to blow out any residual water . I 've found this greatly extends the life of the blade because most of the dulling of the blade comes from micro-oxidation -LRB- rust -RRB- and not from cutting the hair . To blow out water from the head of the Future , you have to completely pop the top off which causes the blade to want to jump dangerously out . I recommend the Merkur 180 over the Future because of size , weight and control over the instrument , not to mention the big difference in price . I 'm going to continue to work with the Futur because it cost too much to just set it aside completely . I want to get my money 's worth out of it . Most likely it will live in my travel kit .
 Trying to find an aluminum free deodorant ? Do n't try this one . It made my underarms sticky . After an hour I could n't stand it and had to wash it off .
 This is the worst excuse for a deodorant I 've ever used . I smelled ever worse than if I had used nothing ! Do n't waste your six dollars
 I think I covered it all in the subject . The bar itself smells kind of like lemon , so it is n't really unscented as the company claims , first of all . They also claim it protects for 24 hours , when in fact it hardly protects for 4 . I should 've actually typed in protects between quote signs , because very shortly after putting it on you start smelling strange and as time goes by , it becomes a nasty smell , literally like feet that have been wearing sneakers in humidity . I am not overweight nor do I have strong bodily odor , but what I do have is a strong sense of smell . Honestly , I think the only way you could actually vote this product highly is if you
 I bought this product 2 weeks ago . I started using it and loved it ! The smell was nice and it was all natural . A few days ago , I noticed a rash starting right at the end of my armpit . It was accompanied with hot and burning in my armpits . My skin is sensitive , but I did n't think it was that sensitive ...
 I 'm really not sure if this is the same product . It does not look like the one advertised or the one I 've used in the past . This one was blue . I 'm not sure if it 's just updated packaging ? Unfortunately , it also does n't seem to work as well .
 I have n't had an easy time trying to find a natural deodorant . Either they are n't `` strong '' enough to last throughout the day or , like this product , they burn my skin to the point that it is raw . I used this product for only a day and a half before I had to run to the nearest bathroom to wash this crap from my pits . As of now , I am still using regular deodorant . I would love to drop the stuff , but I have yet to find an adequate replacement .
 This stuff does n't work for me . I think mine says 24 hour protection , but it does n't last even a few hours . Also , I found that if I get dressed right after I put it on it leaves wet marks that show through my shirt . It makes it look like I have sweaty pits . So now I have to wait a little while before I finish getting dressed , wipe my armpits with some tissue , and then put a shirt on . I do n't want to throw the whole thing out as it was over 4 bucks , but this stuff just does not work . It smells nice , but that 's about it . I will never buy it again .
 I have been using natural skincare for a while . I decided the next step in the natural direction would be deodorant . I picked up Tom 's of Maine Apricot scent . I thought it smelled really nice . The first few days I was pleasantly surprised . It was n't as powerful as non natural brands , but it did keep odor at bay . I have been using this for about two weeks , and now my armpits are on fire ! At first I could n't figure out what was wrong . My arm pits were literally peeling . They felt like that had a really bad sunburn . I did n't put two and two together for a few more days . My arm pits are bright red and they are on fire . I ca n't even shave my arm pits right now ... gross right ? I am having to put 100 % shea butter on before I go to bed . I actually feel like I have a chemical burn.Before writing this review off , I have to tell you I have never had a reaction to ANY product . I have used probably close to 100 different brands of cosmetics and skincare products from cheap to expensive , from non natural to completely natural . This is the ONLY product I have ever had a reaction to . Please be careful . I would start out with the unscented kind first . That one seems to have better reviews . Also , the first time you notice irritation , discontinue use ! It will only get worse .
 I tried this only once and had to wash it off right away as it stung and burned so badly . Several of the other of the Tom 's Long Lastings in different scents have reviews that say the say . If you have skin that is tough as nails you might like it , otherwise , I would stay away .
 I have developed a painful , red rash and burning from only using this product for 2 days . I immediately stopped using this product but I am still experiencing burning and pain and it 's been over a week . I have researched this on the internet and have found many similar claims . I contacted the company and they are requesting I send the product -LRB- and providing a postage paid envelope -RRB- to them for testing . They are also providing a refund or replacement product in exchange . If you have even mildly sensitive skin I would definitely not recommend using this product .
 If this does n't cause a rash for you , you 're in the happy minority . For many people out there -LSB- ... -RSB- it causes the skin to peel off your armpits and a burning sensation . This seems to be occurring specifically with their `` long lasting '' varieties.best of luck -
 I bought Tom 's long-lasting care , apricot , deodorant at the urging of my boyfriend who feared my use of aluminum based antiperspirants . Initially , it worked fine , by the end of the day I had some b.o. but it wasnt much and I 'd just shower anyway . However , a few weeks in I felt a burning sensation in my arm pits that would not go away . I thought it was because I was using an old razor , but the burning continued after I replaced the razor . My skin has been red , raised and burning for a week . Now I read that this has happened to other users of this deodorant . I 'll be switching to another deodorant right away .
 I am only on this site because I began using the Tom 's Unscented -LRB- purchased from Walmart -RRB- and for the first week it was great . As of two weeks ago , I 've noticed this painful burn . I thought it was because I was sweating and possibly &#34; sweat gland acclimation &#34; or something like that , to not having the aluminum . As of today , my arm pits are red , raw and in pain . . So much , that I have n't even been able to switch back to my old deodorant . As a female who is trying to eliminate as many inorganic products as possible from my life , this is a real disappointment to me . I do n't want the aluminum , but I definitely do n't want this red burning . I 'm a real customer , with a real voice . Please -LRB- Tom 's -RRB- evaluate this product make-up . It seems it is doing this to a lot of users . It 's not just me .
 This deodorant irritated my skin and caused painful , itchy , red spots . I have used many different deodorant brands before and I never received such a bad reaction from using one . I bought the Tom 's brand thinking it is natural and therefore can not be harmful to skin but just the opposite of that happened to me . I even had to go to the bathroom and wash it off from my armpits due to the painful reaction . I will not be buying anything from this brand again .
 smells great , lasts long , leaves you with horrible rashes . Very disappointed in Toms . Makes me doubt their other products . Not happy at all .
 As someone has become more health conscious , I wanted to started using skincare products that were better for me and for the environment . Naturally , this included finding an aluminum free deodorant . Tom 's of Maine was my first choice since it was recommended by a friend who uses it religiously . I started off with the original scent which did not work at all . I then opted for the Apricot version and my experience with this product went down hill from there . Initially , I felt a slight sting but I attributed that sensation to my skin just getting used to the new aluminum free formula . After a few months , I noticed my skin peeling and my armpits turning red . Tonight , I looked at my armpits a little closer and I now have red , raw skin over the lower half of my armpits . It 's disgusting ! Despite the lovely smell of the Apricot and the aluminum free formula , I can not use this deodorant any longer . My armpits look like they were severely sunburned . Off to finding something better ...
 I 've been using Tom 's apricot , long-lasting brand deoderant for several years . Lately , it 's been burning my armpits when I start to sweat . It hurts so bad that I have to rush home , wash it off , use alcohol as a solvent to dissolve what ever is left , and stop using any deoderant for several days until the skin heals . There is a red inflamed ring around my armpits and peeling -LRB- though I think it is the glue nature of the deooderant peeling but may include skin as well as other people are claiming -RRB- . I do n't know why sometimes it 's fine , while other times it burns without mercy ! I 've thrown all of them away . I have one lavender stick that I will try - but even this scent has the zinc ricinoleate and hops ingredients that other people are saying cause rash . Looking online , I 've found almost a hundred posts from other people having the same burning and peeling reaction.The reason I chose Tom 's was because aluminum anti-perspirant makes me itch very badly . So , now I have to find another alternative deoderant.They pride themselves -LRB- and are selling themselves -RRB- based on the fact that they do n't test on animals . Well , it seems they are not doing much testing at ALL if many people are getting hurt from their product and yet they still sell without skin-rash warning label on their product .
 I would not recommend the Tom 's of Maine long-lasting natural deodorant , especially for those with sensitive skin . I do not have sensitive skin by any means , but this deodorant caused my armpits to burn for an hour after application . I tried it every day for about a week before giving up . I was hoping that maybe my skin would adapt to it or something , but it did n't happen . It gave great protection and I smelled fresh all day and night , but I could n't get past the burning . Also , Tom 's of Maine is a little more expensive than regular deodorants at about $ 6 per stick . One other thing I did n't like too much about it is that it went on more like a gel so it took a while for it to dry after applying . I did like that they have a wider variety of scents to choose from .
 I started using the 12 hour Lavender scent and while I loved the scent , the deodorant factor barely lasted 4 hours . I had to buy another one to take to work just to get the through the day . When I discovered the 24 hour protection , I immediately bought it . I had no burning sensation or irritation , and while it certainly did n't last 24 hours , I was able to get through the work day and into the evening without any odor . I even sweat a little -LRB- which is natural and I 'm good with that -RRB- and the deodorant combatted the potential odor well . I 'm not fond of the fragrance -LRB- I prefer lavender -RRB- , but I could live with it . Until today -LRB- about three weeks after starting to use it -RRB- , I would have given this deodorant much higher marks . Alas , it was time to wax my pits and when I raised my arm over my head -- GASP -- my underarms were a sort of reddish gray color and there was faint peeling -LRB- like a sunburn -RRB- . The discoloration was exactly in the area where I apply the deodorant . I went online and found out I 'm not alone -- on the one hand it 's good not to be the only peeling pit person , on the other ... well , peeling pits and discolored skin are not so good . In the meantime , back to the old anti-perspirant loaded with aluminum until this funky problem goes away . -LRB- Side note
 I use many Tom 's of Maine products , and am generally satisfied . However , this product is awful . It 's so drying that my armpit skin peels and flakes off . No one wants peeling armpits . The roller ball version of this product -LRB- in the clear , squat container , not the taller opaque container -RRB- does n't have the same drying effect , and seems to last longer .
 I switched from `` regular '' deodorants to the natural ones because we shifted all of our products we eat and use in that direction . Regular deodorants never made me break out or caused burning , but this one was bad . It burned pretty bad for almost an hour , even after washing it off with soap and water . My wife 's pits were left stained -LRB- not her shirt , but her actual skin was stained -RRB- and she had lots of small bumps.We are switching to Aubrey Organics deodorant , and we might try Weleda as well . Deodorant is one of the trickiest products to find a natural/organic replacement for , and one of the last products left we do n't have a favorite for yet .5 . cl
 I used to use Tom 's deodorant when they had a great product for a man . Then because some whinny customers called in about being allergic to oregano which used to be one of the ingredients , they changed all their formulas over to hops -- the same stuff that 's used to make beer . This hops-based product smells stale as soon as you put it on and it does n't get better throughout the day . My girlfriend does n't like it either . Tom 's should have left well-enough alone since they had great products before . They lost me as a customer and probably many others . It 's very difficult to find a natural man 's deodorant that smells pleasant without overdoing it with things like Pine or Woodsy . This is the 21st century , not 1970 !
 I was very enthusiastic when I initially ordered this , but my disappointment is now the only thing I can associate with the Tom 's brand . I tried the product for more than three weeks , thinking that maybe the redness and burning would go away with time . Unfortunately it did n't . The lemongrass smell was nice at first , but it did nothing after about an hour and a half . I have never had issues with odors , but this does nothing to mask the smell that accrues with the wear of the regular work day . If you are planning to exercise , forget it ! It wo n't hold up . It gets on clothing easily and shows up as a filmy paste under your arms even if you use it sparingly . Using it in larger quantities also did n't make it work more effectively . I 'm switching to arm and hammer just to see if I can possibly find a deodorant that is natural and does n't contain aluminum .
 In order to make this review relevant , I 'll tell you that I 'm a male and I work outdoors pretty much most of the year . In other words , I sweat a lot when it 's hot . I purchased the Tom 's of Maine Natural Care 12 hour long lasting apricot deodorant stick because it was aluminum free and the apricot smell was the least offensive out of the available choices . In my case , some of the negative side affects that I read about in other reviews were actually true . Upon applying the deodorant stick , I did notice the it would start to foam up as though I was putting shaving cream under my arms . Secondly , after a few days of usage , my underarms started to have a burning sensation once I applied the deodorant . Finally , the effectiveness of the deodorant deteriorated as the day progressed , so much so that I would ask the Lord to have mercy on anyone who was standing next to me after 12:01 hours of wearing said deodorant . I finally gave up on the product and switched to Naturally Fresh Deodorant Crystal . I must say that I 'm impressed with my new purchase ; I worked in 90 degree weather , same work schedule and I made it home without any traces of a hard days work . I 'm giving the Tom 's Brand two stars because at least they tried to make a product without using aluminum .
 I 've been interested in trying a natural , aluminum-free deodorant for quite some time . I picked the apricot smell because it was pleasant and not too strong and the other choice was lavender , which can sometimes smell too `` organic-y '' for my tastes . Unfortunately , this pick just does n't work.This deodorant says it provides 12-hour protection , whereas my aluminum-containing Dove deodorant claims 24 hour-long protection . I do n't usually struggle with body odor and have never smelled myself with Dove deodorant , even after a period longer than 24 hours . However , with Tom 's , even while I 'm aware that it would n't last as long , I can smell body odor in just 5 or 6 hours . Gross !!! I feel I need either to shower or reapply the deodorant every few hours or so , which just is n't realistic . On a minor note , I also do n't like how the solid stick becomes liquid in consistency upon application and takes forever to dry . So sad . I really would like to find an alumnium-free deodorant that works !
 I 've been trying to switch all of my personal care products to organic products , so I like that this is a widely available organic deoderant . -LRB- It 's sold in my local grocery store and in Target . -RRB- I also like the apricot scent . Unfortunately , it just does n't work for me . I 've never been a really big sweater or had to worry about whether I stink , but with this I am constantly reapplying and worried that I smell . I do n't care for the sticky feeling when I first put it on , but it dries so I can get over that . It just does n't last though . It says 12 hours but I find myself starting to smell sweat much sooner than this . I really wanted it to be great , and I guess it 's fine if you do n't mind reapplying throughout the day , but that 's not for me .
 Not only did it not stop body odor , it irritated my skin . This is supposed to be better for me?This product was the last straw . Between this and the toothpaste that did n't prevent cavities , I 'm never using a Tom 's of Maine product again . If you want to go natural , there are much better and more effective products out there . For example , Crystal Body Deodorant , 4.25 Oz , -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- - 4 Totalworks better and does n't give you skin irritation .
 While the product did do the minimum job of blocking B.O. , the deodorant had one major issue that made me throw it out . If you get out of the shower , dry off , and then apply the deodorant , your arm pits get sudsy ! I think this is to do with the sodium stearate , aloe , and glycerin byproducts , all found in soaps . So if you want a similar effect from this deodorant , just take some soap and rub it under your arm pits ! Probably would work just as well , but if you do n't want sudsy arm pits , look elsewhere .
 After having used this product for a few weeks I felt confident that I would not be one of those who would have an allergic reaction to it . Seeing as how it was natural and smelled good I wanted to believe in it . I always go for the natural products before anything else ... But boy was I wrong to pick this!The deodorant initially worked fine , but then about 3 weeks into wearing it I noticed that my skin was very dry under my arms , and places were peeling like I had just gotten over a minor sunburn . No biggie . Then came the burning . It had burned before but only when I put it on right after a shower -LRB- and being a female who shaves her underarms I thought that might have been why it burned -RRB- . Got up one morning after I had washed the deodorant off the night before and there was a large strip of skin rubbed completely raw on the side of my underarm toward my back . This stuff caused an allergic reaction on places that I did n't even put the deodorant on ! Then my underarms began to peel worse and before it was all over I was searching every super-store for some sort of relief . Finally settled on Old Spice After Hours Deodorant -LRB- without an anti-perspirant -RRB- to use instead . I did n't think it was going to cause a reaction 3 weeks into wearing it but I was obviously mistaken.At first I would have recommended it , but I am warning you DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I have sensitive skin and regular deodorant makes me break out so I started using Adidas aluminum free deodorant which worked really well . Eventually though I could n't find it in the store anymore , I guess they stopped selling it . So I started using toms and I thought it smelled pretty decent but it does n't work ! Like , at all . I put it on and literally a minute later I 'm sweating and the deodorant it starting to smell really ... I do n't know how to describe it but it 's just weird . Not weird in a good way either . My advice is use it if you want to but not if you sweat a lot like I do or if you 're about to do something where you know you 're going to get really sweaty because if you try to go to the club and dance or something while wearing toms then trust me you 're gon na be pretty ripe in about 30 minutes so just wear regular deodorant . So basically only wear toms in the winter time when you 're doing absolutely nothing . Then it works . I guess .
 I rate this item as 1 star , because it say 's `` PACK OF TWELVE '' ... It 's one bottle . What discourages me more , I told the company about this error , and 6 months later it 's still false advertising.THE PRODUCT IS GREAT !
 I bought some pens cross this provider at $ 30.94 , but they canceled the order and notified me that they were wrong about the price , which seems to me that it is false advertising . so tell them not to buy from this vendor.also you can deceive.DRCross Classic Century , Medalist Ballpoint Pen and .07 mm Pencil Set , Polished Chrome with 23 Karat Gold Plated Appointments -LRB- 330105 -RRB-
 You need magnesium to be able to absorb any form of calcium . This powder takes care of that issue . However , if high doses of magnesium give you diarrhea like they do me , it is possible that this product by itself would not be right for you.Calcium citrate is supposed to be more easily absorbed by the body than the calcium carbonate found in the majority of over the counter calcium supplements . What is so nice about the pure powder is that it is `` one less pill '' -LRB- or 3 or 4 less -RRB- to swallow . It mixes easily into juice , tea , soup , cereal and other wet/moist foods and drinks . It does NOT mix easily into a thick milkshake type smoothie . It turns clear liquids cloudy and settles out if you let it sit for some time.The trick is to remember to measure it out and mix it in !!! Keep in mind that you wo n't absorb any form of calcium if you do n't have the proper combination of magnesium , zinc , Vitamins A and D3 . The ideal thing is to get all of your nutritional needs from whole food , not from supplements . Sometimes this is not possible for various reasons , and it is good to know what is in everything you `` take '' including the foods you eat.It is a good idea to get professional assistance in the form of testing to find out what supplements you really need . And , if you are taking one supplement you need to do a bit of research to make sure you are getting the proper balance of other things that are needed for your body to use that supplement so you are not throwing your money out the window.I believe this calcium magnesium citrate is sourced from corn , although I have not contacted the NOW company to specifically ask that question . In any case , it gives me diarrhea - as does anything else made from corn . It does n't bother my husband . You need to know your own body and what you can and ca n't tolerate.As one other reviewer pointed out
 This product appeared to be exactly what I was looking for . They Both were made in the citrate form . Unfortunately , I am unable to absorb properly for my system . Although the instructions say to take 2 level teaspoons per serving , I tried 1 teaspoon and soon after , had cramps and had to run to the bathroom . I tried this more than once and the same thing happened . I also do not like the way it does not dissolve in liquids easily . It is gritty and if left in the glass for a few seconds , falls to the bottom.Anyway , thought this would be a good product for me , but is not . I guess I may have to get a softgel or capsule type .
 Ask yourself ... Why Parisi 's reviews are always the first and the oldest review on hundreds of supplements , few years ahead of any other review written by anyone else and that is the same situation not for one review but for hundreds of review and all those reviews with high scores for the seller and the product itself.READ THE COMMENT BY GREAT COOK IN PARISI 'S REVIEW ... Astonishing ... Parisi 's review is dated 2005 and the next review is dated 2007 . I guess no one ever purchased any of these supplements for few years in between or if they did , they had no opinion at all . Parisi even claims that he/she has been consuming all those supplements for years before writing the review . Majority of Parisi 's reviews are set like that and even though in many of his/her reviews Parisi is reminded that his/her review is misleading in Perisis 's comment section by other individuals , Parisi fails to respond or update his/her comments for some seven years . Meantime Parisi claims in many of his/her comments -LSB- I AM NOT AFFILIATED WITH ANY PRODUCT OR COMPANY -RSB- ... No one can afford to swallow down that many supplements a day . No honest individual would let his/her review go so many years without updating such review if they are reminded by others that is misleading time after time .
 This product is being promoted as one capsule having 1 g of calcium and 500 mg of magnesium . In actual fact I believe you need to take THREE capsules to get that dosage . The ad should say `` one serving '' has 1 g / 500 mg . -LRB- Oh , the product itself is excellent ! -RRB-
 I ordered one bottle with 240 caps . And the label said 80 % Mag . Oxide , 10 % Citrate , 10 % Malate . Magnesium Oxide has low digestibility . Magnesium Citrate would be the better choice .
 First , a big thank you to Amazon for providing this forum . I am grateful for this.Bought this without looking to make sure it was gmo free . Bought NOW gmo-free lecithin -- EXCELLENT product . -LRB- had to request that the Co-op store order gmo-free lecithin -RRB- Bought NOW gmo-free xylitol and have just re-ordered . Great product . Not only is this powder not gmo-free , it seems to be `` hiding gmo content '' because it is a calcium-mg . supp . It has a surprise -- soy-derivative on the label . The supp . is not listed in NOW 'S `` COMPLETE LIST OF GMO-FREE PRODUCTS '' on NOW 's website . It has this dorky rating from some rating organization , which they proudly display . Its a `` GMP '' seal -LRB- not finding a gmo free indication saying otherwise , I thought it was for `` genetically modified product '' at first when it got here -RRB- . I forgot to include this product with my other order I made the same evening , paying by mistake for standard shipping . This product is going back in the mail , still sealed . The soy or its possible infusion with herbicide may be why some are having problems with loose stools . The rest of the formula for this powder is `` to die for '' , I think . I 'm a 66 old lady -LRB- ha ha -RRB- , still trying to exercise regularly , and have felt that mg . in the past has helped leg pain after . Now I need calcium also to combat a tired back , and hoped to get everything I need in a powder . Think again . Already have large capsules -LRB- triple OOO 's -RRB- if it wo n't dissolve . Really thought that it would NOT be gmo , like so many other of their great products . Would n't be so grumpy -- if we were not trying to volunteer to get the labeling initiative passed here in the golden state so gave it 2 for trying , and because it was bargain priced , instead of 1 star -- LOL -LRB- No bargain -RRB-
 I like NOW Vitamins , unfortunately the description did not mention that it has Vitamin D in it . I have to take prescription D so ca n't take this .
 I tried this once and could n't handle the taste . Maybe a strong-tasting juice would have helped , but I mixed it with water . Ended up tossing it .
 These are NOT the usual Purell sanitizing products - as their main ingredient is benzethonium chloride , they promote resistance . This is how we get `` super germs . '' Use the other Purell products - the ones that contain alcohol , not benzethonium chloride .
 My daughter who is a blonde got lice from school . Since her hair was light it was so HARD to find all of the nits . I bought this hoping it would help . . but it really did n't . It attached to all of her hair . . so EVERYTHING was pink . I personally would n't buy this product again .
 The Neon Nits , Lice egg Locator spray is not worth purchasing . The product does n't work as advertised and it wastes valuable time in the process of nit removal . If a product 's advertisement sounds too good to be true , then it is ! Unfortunately nothing works better than good old fashion ` nit-picking ' .
 I followed the directions exactly , and it dyed my daughters hair pink . It is still pink after 5 days and eight washings including one treatment of alcohol and vinegar which will remove regular hair color . Apparently this is not for use on blonds even though the picture on the bottle shows a blond girl . What a hoax !
 I was very disappointed in this product . We were having a lot of difficulty fighting off the lice . When I read the description and expected results for Neon Nits I was very excited . However , when sprayed on dark hair you could n't even see it . It did n't do any good and was a complete waste of money .
 Do n't waste your money . It turned my fingers pink for 3 days . Does n't work good for burnette hair ... at ALL .
 Where to begin ?! I received two huge gallons of cleaner from the company . I notified them that they shipped me the wrong product , they refunded my $ 16 , but then requested I ship the wrong package back to them - guess what that cost $ 16 . So I sat awaiting the correct product ... Finally received the Neon Nits spray , and began reading immediately so I could treat my daughter that night -LRB- now that I 'd been waiting over 2 weeks and picking , combing , and using every treatment for lice under the sun ! -RRB- I followed the detailed and specific directions , do not spray too close to head , wash hands immediately , and still walked away with neon pink stained hands/finger tips . I only did the under half section of my daughter 's head due to fear of staining after reading all the directions . Thank goodness I only did the under half and she has thick heavy hair ; all of the under layers , ears , scalp , and neck remained stained neon pink for about 5 days -LRB- and she washes her hair everyday -RRB- . Anywhere the hair touched turned pink and stayed that way after repeated washing . All of this would have been worth it , IF the neon spray actually highlighted the nits allowing for easy removal , but it did n't it just turned all of her hair pink . The only thing I did notice was as I combed out the nits they were pink in the comb , unfortunately due to the pink hair and pink nits it made nit picking a neon nightmare . I would not purchase this product again and will probably just throw the can away unless the kids want pink hair next Halloween .
 You might as well go buy the pink colored hair spray , this is what it reminds me of . Do n't waste your money on it .
 This made more of a mess than anything . It highlighted the nits ... but it made a complete mess . I will not use it again .
 This product made a mess and did n't do anything extraordinary . I wo n't buy this product again because it is not necessary to find nits . It does n't make the nits come out easier and your still have to do all the work plus you have this pink stuff everywhere . My daugghters scalp was stained and so were my hands . I tried to use gloves but could n't graps the hair good enough to remove the nits so I had to take them off !
 i received my package after anxiously waiting it 's arrival because i have bad sinus issues and nose clogging , only to find the spray was sealed but was empty , due to the reason that the package had been squashed while in transit . i will try to see if they can either send me a good one or get a refund . but if they do send me a better one ill make a second review for this product from this sellar , packaging was not good at all on the one i got .
 The cost of this product has gone out of sight , it used to be 5 or 6 bucks , now 26.00 . Have a `` fire sale '' and get rid of it , but lets not `` price gouge '' .
 I 'm astonished . At the store this is $ 2 for one ounce . And on Amazon it 's $ 25 ? This is a great product ; it is n't even addictive as many nasal sprays are but for Pete 's sake , it is NOT worth this price !
 My husband uses this everynight before bed . But this bottle does not work correctly and will not squirt out properly and ca n't use .
 The product I received is the new one in the blue and white box . The product in the blue , white , green and gold box has more eucalyptus and is the one I expected . I definitely prefer more eucalyptus in my nose spray . I could have purchased the product in the blue and white box locally . It is also similar to other products . I was very disappointed in my purchase and the fact that the company did not respond to my lament .
 Do n't buy it . Useless . No refernece material . I guess it works could n't tell there was no chart included with the paper to compare to . I do n't work with this stuff everyday so did n't do me much good . The only posative thing was it was cheap , but i didn ; t get much either .
 The price per case which ends up to be 40 pads per case was ridiculously high . A 36 count bag sells for 16.99 your 40 ct. case for 41.53 cents is highway robery ... never again
 Do n't ship well , tops were melted and replaced by Amazon twice all the same.But them is Sam 's or Costco ...
 The old version of the Balance Gold Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars was great . Now there is a `` new '' and `` improved '' version which is sweeter , has more sugar , more carbs and more sodium . How is this an improvement ? Plus this new formula tastes horrible . Nothing like chocolate or peanut butter . Why did Balance have to go and ruin a good thing ? Bring back the old version !
 THIS COMPANY HAS NO STOCK , DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME.I LOVE THEIR BALANCE BARS BUT THEY EITHER HAVE NO FUNDING , OR THEY CA N'T GET ANY SUPPLY . IN ANY EVENT 3 WEEKS IS TOO LONG.I PREFER VONS.COM.SADTHE EXPIRATION date on these 3 cases of BALANCE BARS is July , 2011 . This is survival FOOD FOR ME . I want to KNOW HOW I CAN ORDER THIS ITEM with Expiration dates up to a year or more . I AM QUITE ANGRY that AMAZON Continues to send me FOODSTUFFS that are near expiration , or will expire in 4 months , when I ORDER LARGE QUANTITIES . I am quite angry and upset at this , and although I am a LARGE CUSTOMER of Amazon.com , I will cease buying unless I get a response from you . Please call me on this if you can.FARLEY MALORRUSI WOULD LIKE RECOMPENSE if POSSIBLE SEND 3 BOXES , PEANUT BUTTER CHOCOLATE BALANCE BARS NO CHARGE with 1 YEAR EXPIRATION MINIMUM.I THINK I DESERVE THIS . I have heard many people complain about this problem . IT GIVES YOUR COMPANY A BAD REPUTATION and it sucks . WHAT IS WRONG WITH AMAZON.COM ? Is it they do n't give A D * MN About their customers and it 's only about HOW MUCH MONEY THEY CAN MAKE ON PRODUCT AND FREIGHT . THIS WAS TO BE SURVIVAL FOOD TO LAST ME IN case of disaster . DID NOT WANT a 3 month Expiration . Bought late FEb , 2011 , exp . July , 2011 . THIS IS ridiculous , a rip off , and unnacceptable . I WISH FOR FREE PRODUCT SENT TO ME with minimum 1 year expiration . IS AMAZON just turning into a nother GIANT CORPORATION of greed that could n't care less about consumers ? I THINK SO .
 I have been buying these bars for years . Since I knew that Amazon does n't insulate -LRB- which is fine -RRB- when shipping - after my first set of melted bars - I only ordered these in bulk over the winter . At least three people in our house regularly grab these bars for breakfast and occasional meal replacement . We had tried a lot of bars to settle on this flavor . This is Balance 's second reformulation . The first reformulation was not as good as the original -LRB- they made the new ones sweeter and not as tasty -RRB- but it seemed like after they melted -LRB- which happens a lot even outside of shipping -RRB- they were still edible so we were ok with it -LRB- especially since we did n't have a choice -RRB- . This reformulation is not as good by far . It is much sweeter with a bitter chalky aftertaste . The texture is much more like the chocolate brownie type of bars that are commonly available . My family is finally going to have to go hunting for a new bar because none of the three will even eat the three boxes I have . My youngest briefly preferred the gold wrappings but that only held him for a bar and a half . Now he wo n't even try them.It is a shame because the triple chocolate chaos bars were pretty unique .
 I ordered the Balance Bar Caramel Nut Blast for my 91 year old mom who eats one every morning at 10:00 a.m. I have ordered from Amazon for years and just thought this would be so much easier to have them delivered to her mailbox . She was skeptical , thinking she would be getting old bars and you proved her so right . The first two cases were so hard , dry , the chocolate was white , I have never eaten anything so bad and I am a backpacker . Needless to say , I had to cancel her subscribe and save on them . She was n't about to trust Amazon to send her a fresh box of Balance Bars .
 The carmel bars chocolate coating had numerous white spots and crumbled . Although I sure the product is still usable , it is less appetizing .
 Have used this item daily for years as fuel for running and gym work outs . Just received a subscription shipment of bars with the new formula . The taste is terrible -- cloying sweetness with a bad aftertaste . Very disappointed . Will need to look for an alternative .
 Normally I am not one to complain , but hope to save someone else the hassle . The Balance Bars sent were not the ones pictured . They were both Chocolate Peanut Butter , but the boxes I received are the newer version from Balance . They do not taste as peanut buttery and are not as smooth as the bars pictured -LRB- older recipe -RRB- . That was not the problem however . The bars received had melted in transit and were inedible . I had to toss them all !
 my son said the bars were extremely hard and difficult to chew compared to those we purchase in stores .
 Sadly I ran into a situation I would n't expect from the likes of Amazon - receiving protein bars with expired best before dates . Suggestion ? Do n't forget to check the best before date !
 I initially tried the Balance Bar S'mores at Trader Joe 's and could n't believe how good they tasted . Unfortunately , I ca n't seem to find these bars in any store , so I tried Amazon . When I got the bars I could n't wait to try them . Instead of tasting moist , the bar tasted stale . Something seemed wrong . The graham cracker part was hard and I could barely taste any marshmallows . In fact , I do n't think there were any marshmallows in the bar . I checked the expiration date on the box and it said the bars do n't expire until 2012 , but they tasted stale and the chocolate was pealing off.I hope I can find these bars somewhere else with better luck because they used to be moist , crispy and delicious with a bit of fluffy cake in the graham cracker part .
 All three boxes of Balance Bars came crushed and the chocolate is oozing out . My daughters love Triple Chocolate Chaos and our local grocery store does n't always have them in stock . I thought it was a great idea to purchase in bulk -- unfortunately every time they open a bar it is a total mess !
 This is a good product , but the pkg . I received all of the bars seem to be old , they are very dry , would not buy this product againg from Amazon will purchase from the store .
 I thought I would purchase the Balance Bars online , save myself a trip to Whole Foods . The bars came within 2 days -LRB- amazon.prime member -RRB- and they are AWFUL !!! They taste old - the chocolate coating looks as though it melted and rehardened - it has a white powdery look to it . The bars taste stale . It 's not worth the postage to return them , I tossed them in the garbage . Waste of money . Stay away from ordering this product online or from this vendor .
 These bars are not `` retail '' quality . They were mashed and the caramel was stuck to the inside of the wrapper and they appear to have gotten hot at one time . Save your money and buy quality . Amazon should know better !!
 I first submitted the review below a few years ago after I found these bars and loved them . In the intervening seven years or so , the company has changed the recipe twice
 I love Balance bars and eat them all the time . . I saw that I could order them here for a slight discount and did ... However , they arrived melted !!! I could n't believe it and do n't recommend ordering them for this reason ! What a waste .
 The taste is palatable , but the texture of the bar is like a mealy , congealed piece of molasses . It sticks in your teeth , and is certainly not a treat to bite into or chew .
 Sadly I ran into a situation I would n't expect from the likes of Amazon - receiving protein bars with expired best before dates . Suggestion ? Do n't forget to check the best before date !
 Before you order Balance Bars from Amazon , just be warned that you will get product that is past its `` best by '' date . I received a box last week that had expired in November . They replaced this with a box that had expired in ... November . If you live near a Sam 's Club or a Walmart get them there ... they are just as cheap and much fresher .
 Three different flavors - two boxes at least nine months past the expiration ; one a few months . Returned for replacement . Received replacements with the same expiration dates . This is the first problem I have ever had with an order placed with Amazon . I 'd be wary of buying food items from Amazon again .
 Do n't order these from Amazon . I thought I would save a buck or two by ordering from the , but when they arrived , they had obviously been melted , and then reformed at some point . I ordered two cases of the Triple Chocolate Chaos , and the `` gooey chocolate '' layer had melted , and the box had been turn on it 's side , as this layer re-formed at one of the chocolate bar . It was a mess to eat , and 75 % of the bar was dry and missing most of the chocolate .
 I was really disappointed to get STALE Balance Bars from the company.Although the double chocolate was fine , the smores were hard and lacked the freshness I am used to -LRB- I typically buy the smores bars from Target and never have this problem -RRB- .
 My grocery store has a set of bargain shelves where they place items with deep discounts -LRB- up to 50 % off -RRB- and I always look it over . This evening , I found a couple cartons of Balance Bar Gold so I bought one out of curiosity . It was the Caramel Nut Blast . Well , I 've never liked nutrition bars anyway , but this thing was awful . The interior was something like chewy sawdust with a thin topping of caramel . The bar was coated with one of the worst chocolates I can remember . It was all I could do to get this bar down . No wonder it was on a deep discount sale . I ca n't see any real reason for eating this thing on the nutrition label . Certainly you would n't eat it for the taste . There must be something good about it , you would think . Well , it 's 210 calories per bar and I could think of a lot better ways of spending it . This will be the last one of these . Trust me.Gary Peterson
 These bars are nasty . I would rather eat dirt . Expect to chew each bite for about 30 minutes . I was very disappointed with this item . I assumed that with only 14grams of protein they would not be so awful . I 've had really bad protein bars in my day , but the balance of protein to disgusting is really off . I can easily find bars with 30g of protein that taste much better than this .
 I am sorry to report that I am unhappy with this product . It holds cards alright but the base is too light and it keeps tipping over .
 Table looked great , nice chromed steel parts , excellent welds , however ... assembly instructions did not match parts received ; the relationship of the lever on the table to the rod that went into the stand was not well shown and did not work . I disassembled the verticle mechanism and found a failed part . The 800 number did not answer on the weekend and today -LRB- a Tuesday -RRB- when I called I received no explanation.Finally and most important when I tried the table next to the bed , it would only stay in the highest position , I found that 30 '' is not long enough to go in front of a person in the bed . I checked and actual hospital bed table and found that it measured 36 '' inches.Buyer beware ...
 The table itself was very sturdy and I was happy with it until one of the rollers broke after two weeks use . A piece of plastic broke off the roller and it is not usable . I can still use the table but have to pick it up to move it . I am using it with a hospital bed , so it is not very handy now .
 Was expecting the product to be better given the many good reviews . The table top that they sent was stained , making it look dirty even after it is wiped down and cleaned . Everytime I would use it to write , the whole top would shake and wobble over the bottom and make a lot of noise . The lever that raises the table up and down I think , is what is making all the noise . I was expecting it to be more stable but it is not . If it was not a hassle to repack , dismantle and return it , I would and get something else .
 Table is wobbly . Tilt of table top does not hold . Knobs that secure tilt of table top and adjustable height have serious design flaws which makes them unstable and settings do not hold . Ordered two and assembled one . Returned one of them to refund but kept the assembled one because the time and effort to disassemble , repack , etc. was too much ; however I should have returned it because its usefulness is extremely limited and unreliable because settings do not hold . What a waste of time and money !!
 Looking at the ingredients list , it looks nutritious and has a decent nutritional profile ; however , I ca n't stomach it . I tried to drink a whole packet , but could only stomach half of it , before I felt too nauseated to finish it . Dumped the rest.Both this stuff and Myoplex I ca n't drink . They both taste like melted plastic.I 'm sticking to Optimum Nutrition stuff . That stuff tastes lovely . Like strawberry shake . No plastic-y tastes coming from it , and has a similar nutritional profile .
 I purchased this quite a few years back and didnt like it . I figured a decade later they would have improved on the taste ... nope . Still disgusting , even when mixed with milk . I plan to return it .
 I am a huge fan of Met RX regular chocolate and vanilla protein powders and was so excited to recieve this delicious soundingcake batter protein powder . However , after waiting for more than a week to recieve it and being super excited to try it the product proved to bea huge dissapointment . Well the consistancy was like cake batter the powder did not mix well and was thick , clumpy and dried out dispite adding lots of water the first time and almond milk the second time . Additionally this product tastes nothing like cake batter . I was expecting a delicious childhood memories eliciting flavor but what I got was chalky bland flavor . If you are going to use met rx I would highly suggest sticking to the regular chocolate or vanilla flavors which have great taste and lots of filling protein .
 The ad for this item shows 40 packets for $ 77 -LRB- about $ 15 more than last time I ordered , a couple months ago -RRB- . The detail ad says the cost per packet is $ 0.23 . It takes real magic , to divide $ 77 by 40 and get $ 0.23 -LRB- It 's actually $ 1.92 / packet -RRB- . I 'm not buying till Amazon goes to school and learns simple arithmetic .
 I ordered the Extreme Chocolate 20 packet at a lower price from this site than from the one I normally order from , only to find out at checkout that they charge an outrageous $ 10 delivery fee . I should of seen that lowball ploy coming , but went through with the order anyways . Received the order on a timely basis , but with only 18 packets instead of 20 . I e-mailed my concerns and the company did repond back timely , with an assurance that my account would be credited accordingly . When I received my credit card statement , the amount of the credit did not reflect the correct prorated amount for these missing packages . I will not use this site going forward .
 I have used Met-Rx before and I like it alot . It has a lot of protein . I got the vanilla and have also tried the chocolate . My only gripe is this company has `` NO CUSTOMER SERVICE '' and is un-responsive to email queries about their products from their website . So In my opinion , if they do not care about their customers , then I do n't buy their product again . I would recommed not buying this product , if you need assistance with it . If not , then go right a head .
 I love Met-Rx . I have put on pounds of muscle with Met-Rx . But stick with the basic vanilla and chocolate . This does not taste like you would imagine cake batter to taste . I was so excited when it arrived that I made one right after my first workout . What a disappointment . I had visions of licking the bowl when my mom was making a cake when I was a little boy . Instead it was sort of an artifical flavor disaster . So use Met-Rx for sure , just not this flavor .
 I purchased a name brand product , Bausch and Lomb . Got a no brand product . Arrived in regular mail envelopes , torn by normal handling , and product falling out . I would not purchase from this vendor .
 I 'm starting to think that the reviews leaving 5 stars are placed by people endorsed by this company.I 'm pretty fumed by this purchase , I bought a cat hair glove from somewhere else and the glove does a BETTER JOB.Hopefully I can get an exchange for this item . : / Again , the fact that 90 % of the reviews are 5 stars is a bit suspicious
 Sure , it works fine in picking up lint and hair , but then the lint and hair are stuck to the thing and very difficult to remove . A bit of soapy water does not work well , as mentioned by other reviewers , and I agree with the reviewer who suggested they might be plants by the company . Since I end up spending 15 minutes aggressively scrubbing the thing and picking the lint and hair off , I may as well just spend the time picking the lint and hair off my shirts . Not to mention the sticky residue on my hands after cleaning it .
 I suspect this roller would work well for the average lint removal in a pet-free environment , but if you have furry friends in your home , do n't bother with this ... it does n't pick up enough before losing its stickiness to be worth it .
 I purchased the charger with 4 AA 2300 mA batteries and 4 AAA 900 mA batteries . The first charge took about an hour and lasted about 2 hours in a Radio Shack police scanner . I placed them into the charger and plugged it into a wall outlet . There is a red LED indicating charging and a green LED when the batteries are fully charged . After about a hour I glanced at the charger and the red LED was still lit . After 2 hours it was still red . I checked the charger and found the batteries were extremely hot to the touch and the charger was hot as well and smelled of burning plastic . I immediately unplugged the charger and took the batteries out . The charger never stopped charging the batteries so now I ca n't trust that it is a safe product . In the trash it goes . By the way I am a firefighter and this occured in the stations office . A fire would 've been embarrassing .
 bought 4 sets of batteries , 2 AA and 2 AAA . all hold charge very poorly . The AA batteries allowed me to take only 2-3 photos on a digital camera , and the AAA batteries last only a couple hours in a TV remote control . a single set of kroger brand AAA 's used in our main TV 's remote control -LRB- used frequently -RRB- have outlasted at least 7 cycles of recharging these AAA 's used in our secondary TV 's remote .
 Battries are terrible , ca n't even hold power for one hr , better they can sell charger alone and not instead of this bad bundled offer .
 The 2 hour charger seems to work very well but the included AA batteries do n't hold any charge . I have put them in my digital camera and I am able to turn it on and then it dies . I know it is the batteries because I have other rechargeable s and they work -LRB- charged in the rapid charger -RRB- . Would have been to buy the charger as a stand alone because it would probably be half the price .
 I bought -LRB- 4 -RRB- of these . -LRB- 2 -RRB- of them gave me red blinking light and the batteries did n't hold a charge . The other two went from solid red to green in 15 minutes . Placed the batteries on a voltmeter and measured less than a volt each . Would be ok I suppose for a remote control that uses little voltage , but this turned out to be a terrible waste of money.BTW - bought another charger -LRB- Everyready -RRB- that turned out great . Tried to charge these batteries in it and they still would n't hold a charge so I know it 's the batteries .
 Do not purchase these batteries . Several of them in the package will be corroded and will not function . I would have sent them back but it was not worth the shipping hassle .
 This thing is a waste of money.Everything sucks.The charger will kill the life of your batteries over time . The batteries lose capacity with every charge cycle.I ended up buying theLa Crosse Technology BC-9009 AlphaPower Battery Charger , because the batteries that came with this charger AND my older NiMH kept dying prematurely.The La Crosse brought most of my older batteries back to life after reconditioning . They even rejuvenated the batteries in this package , but still only to about 70 % of what the other batteries ' capacity.The cost premium for the La Crosse is $ 25 -LRB- $ 45 - $ 20 -RRB- . But do n't ask yourself if that charger is twice as good as this one . It 's a question of getting a GREAT charger versus one that will kill your batteries . The La Crosse is n't twice as good , it 's INFINITELY better.BOTTOM LINE
 The batteries are really bad , they do n't hold charge for nothing , I can take less than 10 pictures . The charge wo n't hold the battery properley . poor design .
 The charger is OK but the included batteries are terrible ! They average only 3-4 hours of run time in my GPS unit compared to 16 hours for standard alkaline and 14 hours for my other rechargeable Nimh batteries -LRB- name brand and generic -RRB- . I 've even charged them in other chargers but get the same poor results so I ca n't blame the charger . Wish I just could have bought the charger alone for half the price .
 I use a standard safety razor for shaving , and I have been shaving exclusively with the Merkur double edge super platinum razor blades for a few years . So , since those are the sharpest standard blades that I have found , I expected these trimmer blades with the Merkur name to have similar sharpness . Suffice to say , I am most disappointed . These blades are not even close and are actually quite dull.To verify this , I specifically compared the sharpness of these blades on properly prepped skin . Whereas the standard double edged Merkur blade always glides smoothly as it shaves , the trimmer blade catches and hesitates on every single hair.In short , I am quite surprised at how bad these blades are .
 I bought these for big messes for incontinence care , and when we get the box , we opened up a pack and found out that they were not scented , the did not smell like anything . They should of put on the description scented or unscented . I would have bought scented , but this is all they had for under $ 40.00 . My caregiver is not going encourage to purchase these again . I hope they come out with scented wipes just like the baby wipes and other wipes that they sell in the store . When they make wipes put some fragrance in it ! They are boring as heck .
 I tried this because it is less expensive than the benefiber ... but ... this gave me pretty severe cramps and then gas . So I am back to the benefiber .
 Well , it does work to help keep you regular . I read another review where the reviewer stated he was having backache problems . I thought , no way ! I 'm here to tell you , yes , it can ! I started out ok with this , but over time -LRB- a week or so -RRB- I began having lower backache and even my shoulders/neck were hurting . I stopped taking this and it all disappeared . Weird , but true . If not for the those side effects , I would have stayed with this . I 'm back to a psyllium based product , which is n't as easy to drink , but does n't cause me pain .
 I used Fiber Sure for years . About two years ago I could n't find it anywhere . I finally tracked it down on Soap.com . I started buying my paper products there -LRB- your order ship free for $ 39 + -RRB- Early this year it was no longer available . There is n't anything wrong with Clear & Natural except it does n't mix well in anything ice cold . C&N serves its purpose . It 's just like marrying a nice guy after your soul mate dies .
 Some know-it-all on the Amazon.com website team must have thought he was correcting a misspelling when spellcheck did not recognize the word `` inulin '' . Anyone who was alarmed by reading that this is mostly powdered `` insulin '' , can rest assured that it is NOT.As for WHAT IT IS
 As a sufferer of IBS for most of my life , I 've become more and more desperate for relief as time has passed . Unfortunately , this was one of many products that did NOT help . I tried it , starting with a low dose as recommended , and for about a week , I actually felt better than usual . But after a week , I started suffering from daily diarrhea.At first , I attributed this to changes in my diet ; I stopped the FiberSure and worked on figuring out how to make my new food choices work for me . After things were much more under control and I was feeling better , I tried the fiber again , only to have the same result -- except this time the diarrhea hit later that day.I stopped again . Naturally , I was reluctant to ever try the stuff again , but after some urging by my loved ones , I decided to give it one last chance a month or two later . The result was the same , convincing me that these unpleasant experiences were not coincidences , but direct results of the fiber.I would like to add that I probably suffer from fructose malabsorption in addition to IBS . The inulin fiber that constitutes this product is a chemical called a fructan , and people with fructose malabsorption can have problems digesting fructans . That may be the source of my problem , though I later tried acacia fiber and had similar -LRB- if somewhat less intense -RRB- results.Fiber has helped many people , and I truly hope it can help you , but I do suggest trying it when you 're at a relatively uneventful time in your life .
 FYI -- Fibersure is now called , `` Metamucil Clear & Natural . '' check with the manufacturer !
 For me , it was way to hot , it did not breathe like I thought it would . I also wore it under jeans and it bunched up and actually pinched my leg and hurt . The Velcro does not stay in place . I am of average height and of average weight .
 I can not tell if this product is any good because the size on the package was way too small for actual fit . I wish I had known because now I have a case of something that can not be used .
 I bought this watch for my grandfather who pretty much ca n't see . It sounded like a great idea
 In October 2010 I purchased Source Naturals L-Tryptophan . It was recommended to help me with light insomnia . One hour after taking only two 500mg capsules I became desperately ill and my health has continued to decline to this day to the point I am now housebound and can not stand for more than a few minutes due to terrible pain . My experiences led me to write two books about what had happened , the horrors myself and my young family have had to endure because I took only two Source Naturals L-Tryptophan capsules . Before and after writing the books my research turned up some very alarming information about this so called `` natural '' company . They produced L-Tryptophan in the 1980s which caused the disease I have now to endure , EMS , or Eosinophilia Myalgia Syndrome . They were litigated to be held accountable to the victims killed or disabled for life . Tryptophan was then banned for a period of more than a decade . And now ? Source `` naturals '' think it acceptable to buy their Tryptophan from China , where it is usually made from duck feathers , -LRB- diseased or not -RRB- . They do not tell you this on the label , the label on the bottle states `` made in the USA '' which is a lie . The Tryptophan is imported from China and merely put into capsules in the USA , then sold to an ignorant public . Legally it is a disgrace , although they are permitted to act in this manner by current legislation . So why should you care ? Why should you stop buying Source Naturals ? For one reason . They are a firm which does NOT have the consumers interests at heart . They are interested mainly in profit , as there are sources of ethically produced Tryptophan around -LRB- plenty of them -RRB- , but Source Naturals consider it more profitable to buy in bulk from the one country we have all heard so many horror stories about when it comes to foods and supplementation - China . If you wish to keep buying Source Naturals products I wish you well , and I hope and pray that you do not contract a horrible disease from their products as a result of their greed , as I have done . Think for a moment before you press that buy button - the Source Natural product you are about to buy may well have an ingredient from a VERY un-natural source .
 It tastes bad . Also it does n't mix well in water , milk , or soy milk . It mixes the worst in soy milk . With all three , you are basically drinking clumps of powder , even if you use a shaker cup with a whisk ball in it and shake it forever . Props on it being vegan and low-calorie though .
 This stuff is foul . Not only does it taste poorly , but it also does not mix well with a spoon despite the package claims . I now have to mix it with my vanilla bean protein powder -LRB- by another company -RRB- to even tolerate this stuff . I ca n't make any claims about its protein performance since I can never stomach an entire serving at a time.Pick another protein powder ! Dymatize and Sci-Fit make cheap protein powder with good amounts of all of the aminos .
 The Taste is pretty bad and they give you so little for a lot of money . If you want a better product in both price and taste try Optimum Nutrition Whey Powder .
 I purchased this product because it said it was lactose free , but when I tried it , guess what -- intestinal upset and diarrhea !
 I had very good service from amazon . My product arrived in a timely manner . However , when I gave it to my Dad for his birthday ... we discovered that the wind-up for the alarm did not work . I returned the product to Maxi-aids . I have not received any acknowledgement from them at this time . It has been a month now since I ordered the product and I still do not have a working alarm clock or any response from Maxi-aids .
 The `` Most Helpful Critical Review '' is of a wind-up alarm clock . My bad , I failed to read the product description -LRB- as the customer reveiws are usually more accurate -RRB- so was surprised it takes one AA battery . Oh well ... However , out-of-the box with a new AA battery the alarm fails to work . -LRB- Five stars for the nice brassy appearance . -RRB- Luckily , it 's easy to return ...
 This was a complete wast of my money ! I followed the directions down to the `` T '' and even had my hubby help me with it . I measured everything and used the product . It is messy and the sauna suit is very bulky and uncomfortable . I left the wrap on for an hour and measured , nothing ! It actually made me feel light-headed because of the fluid intake directions are strict . I did n't give up however , I tried it again the next day and nothing . Then I did it twice in one day and not even an inch . I ca n't believe I wasted so many hours in that stupid wrap and sauna suit ! Please save you money !
 I just started using the product . Have not noticed a changed as of yet . It is hard to put this all over my body myself . It is also alot messier than I thought it would be .
 These are not my favorite cliff brand snack . I was expecting something more like a gummy bear taste and they tasted nothing like that . No one in my family enjoyed these . If I had to do it all over again , I think I would have purchased one at the store first , to try them and then order the big pack later if I liked it , or in my case , just not purchase it at all .
 Dear God help me to get the flavor of this out of my mouth . I ca n't believe how awful it tastes . Take my advice and try just one before springing for a whole box because this flavor -- ugh -- this flavor reminds me of the triaminic yellow cough syrup my father used to force feed me when I was sick as a child . My gosh . My husband tells me the strawberry is pretty good , but DO NOT TRY THE COLA . IT DOES NOT TASTED LIKE COLA . It tastes like hell . Trust me .
 I have tried several Cliff products over the years , none with good results . For whatever reason , these things do not sit well in my stomach . Perhaps it is all of the years of living on Mac n Cheese but these organic and `` easy to digest '' products are all but . I tried the Bloks at a pre-race expo and the thing sat like a rock in my gut . They taste all right but wow are they tough to digest .
 Was not nearly as pleasant as other similar products we have purchased . We were very disappointed in the consistency & taste of this product . We could n't even convince our work-out fanatic friends to try liking this product . Certainly this product could be improved in flavor & consistency ! Needless to say , we did n't notice any energy boost -LSB- as product claims -RSB- once we did get the shot blocs chewed & consumed . We wo n't be buying this again , but will continue to seach for similar better tasting items .
 These have a weird consistency , but the taste is otherwise OK -LRB- I had the Cherry -RRB- . Not delicious , not repulsive , but I would n't buy these again for the flavor.Also -- they did n't provide much energy . We used these while we were putting furniture together , and ended up falling asleep on the couch . Tried them later for a bike ride , but no discernible effects again .
 The description states that these are supposed to be 45mm -LRB- 1.77 inches -RRB- , but the set that I received is much larger . The circumference of the set I received measures 6 inches/152 .4 mm -LRB- 3 inches/76 .2 mm in diameter -RRB- , so I 'm not sure what the 45mm measurement is supposed to be reflective of . I ordered this set for my 7 year old niece , but I can barely hold them in my hand , let alone move them . I am returning them , and hope to find a more suitable sized set somewhere else .
 The first day I tested it I left it on for at least 3 hours . I did sweat a little bit ; but I got nasty heat burns on my waist . I did n't sweat as much , which make me wonder
 I was given this as a gift . I was not expecting results . It was just given to me so I figured I 'd use it . While I was using it I noticed a burning smell . The wires were burning through and almost @ my skin . I was just in the nick of time . I would have had 3rd degree burns . Luckily I was wearing it over a shirt and not directly on my flesh .
 Waste of money !!! Does not work !!! Gon na return this !! Has very short cord so you have to sit very close and if u move a little plug comes out and you have to start all over .
 iam wondering why iam not contacted to tell me where my things are and when they will arrive , iam so worried now .
 I purchased this product a while back . This product should not have been sold since it had exhaused its shelf life . By the time I recieved it , there was only 2 weeks left to expire . I did not use any of it .
 When I got this watch there were no instructions on how to set the correct time . I called the manufacturer and they said they did n't have instructions on this watch and would have to go to their stock room to get those instructions and would call me back with info . They NEVER CALLED BACK ! Thankfuly my daughter was able to figure it out
 I purchased this product thinking it was a root . The Amazon description was not very clear . After I received the product I realized it was not made from the root . The roots are potent and work quite well .
 It was a fun experience ... But sucked that we had to rush ... Then when we removed everything ... It did NOT come out as smooth as they say in the directions and video . Very very disappointed
 Main problem is that the molding material hardens in about 30 to 45 seconds after you combine it with water . You need at least 30 seconds to mix it -LRB- directions say 60 seconds - do not follow the directions ! It will not work -RRB- And you better be up and ready to go within 15 seconds or else all you will have is a lump of useless garbage in a cup . Oh , and talking about the form tube - the bottom pops out , so you may want to use a hot glue gun to reinforce the bottom of the tube before you use it . I was so excited to see how this thing turned out , and read the reviews on how you got to be fast at it or it will harden and be useless , but I guess I just was n't fast enough -LRB- tried 60 seconds after combining mixture with water and it was impossible -RRB- Will try it again anyway , and hopefully I will have Superman-like speed to see it actually work . Oh , and the seller I happened to get was not helpful at all -LRB- told me to complain to Amazon about it by calling 1 -LRB-866-RRB-216-1072 -RRB- I only e-mail , and hate waiting on hold on the phone for who knows how long . So try not to buy it from Direct Super Center .
 That texture was completely rigid from the plaster . Maybe we did it wrong but we have to use a condom or it makes her bleed . It was fun and she loves it though .
 I was NOT impressed . We ended up with a wierd looking half-sized `` mutant '' thing . I was a good sport and tried it anyway . OMG ! The material it is made out if is way to hard and rough . It hurt!I am going to try a different manufacturer next time.EXTREMELY MESSY folks !
 The molding material hardened as soon as i got it in the tube . We were pretty bummed out to have gone through all the work without the reward .
 I was super excited when I got this kit , as I 'm currently in a long-distance relationship . However , I was concerned that the amount of rubber material for the dildo was n't going to be enough . I decided to wing it , since even if I did n't have enough to make the full dildo I could at least save the cast to try again later.When the time came to finally cast my guy , we cut the tube to the length of his member -LRB- 8.5 inches -RRB- then mixed the casting agent exactly as instructed and poured it into the tube . I noticed the material only came a little more than halfway up the tube . I figured maybe it would fill out the rest of the tube when we stuck his member in it . Once we did , however , it still ended up only covering about 3/4 of his penis , so I tried turning the tube sideways and rotating it as per the instructions . All this did was cause a small amount of material to leak.So we ended up sitting in vain with half his penis covered and the other half floating above the material , which failed to come anywhere close to solidifying after 2 minutes . In the end I wasted my money and made a bit of a mess on the carpet . This kit really needs double the casting agent , and the casting agent needs to WORK . Very disappointed , I was looking forward to using it and giving him personalized shows on Skype . The lack of material is especially frustrating since all of the pictures and diagrams seem to show pretty sizable members . Oh well , next time we might try the `` Clone Your Partner '' kit instead .
 this was my second purchase of this item , first was off the website itself . i have yet to try the rubber mixture as the molding powder included in the kit sets entirely too fast -LRB- 45-70 secs -RRB- . the BEST way i 'd say to go about doing this kit would be to have a partner help you . the Alginate powder in the kit sets too quickly to get the right consistency for greatest detail.DO 's & DON `` Ts : Do buy the kit off of amazon if you do plan on getting itDo have a partner help youDo n't do it over carpet/towels . towels will become ruinedDo n't buy from the manufacturer
 The powder set too quickly . It was impossible to make the cast because the powder hardened almost immediately . Now I have to order additional powder . Please consider when purchasing .
 My girlfriend and I have tried 4 of these and we have n't gotten one to work yet . It either dries too quickly or clumps and wont hold .
 THe easy to follow instructions say to complete mold in 2 mins but you really need to be done in a disappointing 1 min 30 secs . Everything was executed per the instructions until the molding material was pored in the tube . you literally have like 10 seconds to pour and mold . It was disappointing that at less than 2 minutes the molding material was to hard to even start the cloning process .
 I ordered this for my girlfriend whom lives across the nation . We thought it would be a great and sexy idea . It was more frustrating than anything . The product itself is a great concept , the way it works is not . The biggest flaw is that the gel hardens WAY to fast . You have about 2 minutes from the time you mix the gel compound with warm water , then it hardens . In those two minutes you must
 Bought this item with hopes of surprising my wife , and found it to be impossible to do by yourself . You have 2 minutes MAX from the time the water hits the the mold putty until its unusable , it requires a good 1:15 to mix it and another 30 seconds to get it in the tube . By the time this ordeal is over and the stress of having only a few moments of time left good luck being in a position to be able to use those last few seconds . Severely disappointed with this product . Might work out if done with 2 people , but unless your partner is fine with you getting some assistance , find another solution .
 I think the molding powder was old . My roommate did mention that the powder does have a shelf life . Maybe that is why it was $ 18.25 instead of original price of almost $ 40.00 . THis pisses me off so much . I was so excited when it arrived . Plus his penis wouldnt fit in the tube .
 I bought this product for my bf as a gag gift , but coming down to actually using it was nigh impossible . The product itself is horribly thought out . The molding solution hardens and becomes stiff in less then 20 seconds . I cant imagine that anyone could actually use this product and get a perfectly molded anything out of it . The molding solution seems to be the stem of the problems . The tube they send with the products is not big enough for all who might need it . Nor do they give u enough of the molding solution . The texture of the molding is unsettling and even with assistance it was not possible to keep an erect penis for the 40plus seconds needed for the molding to harden to its fullest . Now the seller I ordered it from did their job fine and sent the product as it is made from the manufacturer and it arrived as planned . If you visit the companies site the product can actually go for upwards of 40 dollars . I would n't pay anywhere near that for this disappointment . As is the 18 dollars I paid for it on amazon was a waste . If u want to waste ur money on something go head and buy it , but otherwise stay away , its a waste .
 Do not buy this product . For some , there is insufficient moulding material in order to surround body part to be moulded . Instructions also do not advise to place body at downward angle . Better prodcut is one in a tub which you can position yourself over .
 The instructions stated having someone else help is easier - which is true ! But be sure the person who is helping is patient because they have many steps to complete and need to be `` on call '' for your full potential . And that may take only a few seconds or a few minutes depending on you.The helper needs to keep testing the water until it reaches 98 degrees , which involves adjusting the hot/cold water from the faucet . However , not always does faucet water stay at `` exactly 98 '' as the instruction state is needed - sometimes the water goes a bit above or below , and that takes time to find 98 again . So you might be ready at your full potential , but the water 's not ready yet , and you might lose potential.After the water thing is met , adding it and mixing it is not a problem , unless your helper questions `` is this right '' or `` is this enough '' . Make sure they can make a decision on their own . And definitely use a large spoon or spatula . I used a plastic spoon and it took more strokes to mix all the powder . Do n't worry , once its dry , left over mix peels right off the spoon and bowl.Once it 's in the tube , you got ta stick it in the wet mush -LRB- prepare for spill out , so go for the shower or tub for easier cleanup -RRB- . If you wait just seconds too long , you will hit a foam barrier and it 's a dead mix.As for those who want to try it on your own -LRB- ca n't find good help -RRB- , attempt a `` dry '' run first . Can you stay erect throughout the entire water test and one minute of `` mixing '' . If you can , you can do this solo , but if ANY form of thinking causes your to deflate , then hold off until you have help .
 This did not work . We followed the directions to the t but the mixture remained lumpy and never solidified .
 For starters , yes , you had better studied the instructions perfectly as you get just one shot which is why you should purchase extra material from the website seller . No way is there enough material in one kit to do this , even if you did it correctly . Made it with girl friend at the time and even with her assistance , you had better pop a viagra to ensure hardness as awkward as it is to make . Especially the part where you insert for 2.5 minutes and be perfectly still . Being larger then average , the mold was harder to make for me as it tore the sides away during extraction . When it was all said and done it made a great model that could not be used by my girl as it was too stiff and according to her , very painful . She did not like it at all because it just simply hurt her . I agree , once complete , material is very hard not like you would expect a clone to be . It did make an exact replica but for me . I had to use two kits to make one clone due to not enough material in first kit . If you want this for a gag and to have fun , go ahead and buy , but if your girl really wants to use it for her pleasure , no way will this please her ! She will try it once and never again .
 The idea of this item seemed to be a fun one . And for the most part the act of creating it was . We had a nice time creating it and thanks to other reviews on amazon we picked up extra molding clay , on the of chance that we screwed up the first time around . After making it we were pleased with the results . Thats when the problems started though . The vibrator gets very hot and actually burnt her junk man !!!!!
 the kit only contains enough jell material if you have a 4 inch penis . By the time you find out , your mold is only partially full and starting to set up . -LSB- ... -RSB- In the very small print at the bottom , it suggests ordering a large vibrater to fill in the empty space , if your man is larger . Way to late !!!
 I would not recommend this product . It 's cool in theory , garbage in actuality . It took about a week or two to harden , and came out a deformed non-willy looking ... Thing
 This product seemed like it would be a real weiner -LRB- sorry for the pun -RRB- but fell short on a couple reasons . first of all its a very messy gel for the mold and on the finished product the rubber is pretty hard . and that would be fine but in the molding there were lots of imperfections or bubbles but that could have been on my part . there was n't enough material to fully make my mold but I still gave it 2 stars 1 because of the price on Amazon and 2 because it was fun to make with a lot of help from my wife .
 I order 1 of this product . I did get it . But I also order 5 of the -LRB- Clone a Willy Liquid Rubber refill -RRB- . But only got 1 . Also ordered 4 -LRB- Clone a Willy Molding Powder -RRB- But only got 1 . I have sent them 3 emails and they tell me they sent me all my order . When they did not . My order total cost was $ 167.03 . They sent me $ 43.72 of my order . They well not send me the rest of my order or refund my $ 123.29 So I will never buy anthing that HEALTH TIME sells on Amaazon again . So if you see that the seller on the product is HEALTH TIME do n't buy it from that seller . Us one of the other sellers that sell the same produt.I give them a 1 star cause I was not sure they would post my reveiw if I did not . If I could I would give them a-10 stars.David
 My boyfriend and I tried to use this kit . It was our first time and we had read the instructions several times . We had everything perfect until we poured the molding gel into the tube . It hardened up before he even had a chance to get into it . We did n't realize it hardened that quickly . We ended up having to throw the entire thing away . In my opinion , it was the worst idea ever . He was in pain most of the afternoon afterwards from the molding gel bending him up . The company should really send extra gel mix in case you mess up , that way , you do n't spend $ 20-40 -LRB- depending where you buy it -RRB- only to throw the entire kit away before you get to the fun part .
 So I bought this because I thought it would be absolutely wonderful my boyfriend was in jail and he got out for a day and had to go back . So I thought well the day hes out we could use this nifty little thing and it was just a disaster . The powder turns to jell instantly -LRB- which we knew it did fast but we both sat there wondering how much faster we could have done it ? -RRB- The product says its okay if your touching the side when you make it COMPLETE lie one side comes out container shaped and its almost impossible to get out of the packaging later . The `` product '' turnout was a rubber piece of rectangular plastic that looks nothing like any kind of vibrator or `` willy '' I 've ever seen . Last time I checked my boyfriends member was not a rectangle .
 Well hot darn . I bought this gosh dern product thinking I was gon na have a nice replica of my willy . And for GOD SAKES was I wrong ! The dern product does n't tell that if your willy is bent than the dern thing wont work !! GARRR !!!!! I 'll be the first sum of a biscuit to tell ya that my willy is as crooked as a dern politician but for GOD SAKES does that deny me my right to purchase a DERN willy cloner . well ... . do it ?! I was wondering if this company produced some kind of adaptor for folks like my self whos willys ar n't straight as a nanner . I mean for GOD SAKES i have my gosh dern rights too ! I will be damned if I am made fool of again ! - Big `` red '' bo jankens # 1 tyler McGirr fan .
 FOLLOWED INSTRUCTIONS EXACT AND DIDNT WORK !!!! DONT BUY !!! I WROTE THE COMPANY SEVERAL TIMES AND RECEIVED NO RESPONSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the watch quit working the second day we had it , but the talking part still works and that was the reason we bought it so we kept it .
 I found this product not to help in any way . Also the smell was strong & lasted to long . I would not reccoment this product & threw away $ 48 .
 Brushes fell a part . VERY slow shipping . Would not purchase again.Their other brushes seem to be better constructed . Maybe next time I will try another type .
 I was rather disappointed in this product , seeing as I 'm crazy about their vitamin E skin care cream that comes in the tub . I knew I needed something with SPF so I went for this . I think this might have broken me out . It 's always hard to pinpoint what 's exactly the cause of your breakouts , but this definitely did n't do anything GOOD for my skin . My skin only improved when I stopped using it . I really wanted to love this and I do n't know what I 'll do with the rest of it . Also , I would not recommend this for very sensitive skin ; I could see it burning . If I get even the smallest amount in my eye -LRB- such as from rubbing it later in the day -RRB- it burns like crazy.Why ca n't they just take our trusty Vitamin E Skin Care Cream and add some SPF into it ? This is a very different recipe altogether .
 I have been taking this supplement for well over a month and I have not noticed any effects positive or negative . Save your money $ $ .
 After about 2 weeks , the seam opened up and we had a leak in the cover.It was very difficult to pull over the cast , and my son was not ableto get this thing on by himself.This product was not worth the money.A plastic bag and waterproof tape did a better job !
 This is the worst protein powder I have ever had . I wanted to try something non-dairy , and this seemed to get good reviews . I was hopeful that this would do the job . When it arrived , I tried it in some water . I was like trying to swallow a mouthful of sand . I coughed and hacked . So I added some more water hoping that would help . Nope . Deciding I needed to get rid of it , I tried mixing it with yogurt , milk , cooking it into muffins . Nope . I nearly choked to death on the yogurt . Do n't buy this stuff . Terrible .
 In an effort to begin a vegan lifestyle , I bought this powder to up my protein . At first I drank it straight up . It was awful . Then I tried to add it to shakes . It literally ruined the taste of the shake . I even added sugar and yogurt to the shake to hide the taste ... nope still could taste it . I 'll use this up , but will never buy it again .
 Let me begin by saying that this stuff tastes TERRIBLE . It 's gross , really . It has a very strong , over-powering taste and texture which makes it hard to use in anything other than baking . It 's good mixed into oatmeal or used as flour for pancakes , but it requires a lot of other ingredients/toppings to cover up the taste . I love that it 's vegan , has great stats and is all natural , but I really do n't like the taste . For me , the taste is pretty important . I wo n't buy it again.Has anyone tried the chocolate flavor ? I 'm curious to see if it 's any better than the vanilla . After all , it has sweetener and the vanilla has none at all , not even stevia . Blech .
 Nutritional facts listed shows no iron or phosphorus , the container however does . Entire reason I bought it was because it did not have iron.Ok , so I 'm someone that others have said `` Oh god , you 're eating that ? '' to too many times to count . To me if it tastes some what ok I 'll eat it if it has the nutrition I want in it . As an example I for a week drank only liquid smoothies of 1cup oatmeal , 1/2 cup frozen mixed vegetables , 2 bananas , 1/4tsp salt , and one scroop of whey protein . I drank that six meals a day for a week , the only thing that made that even remotely difficult was missing chewing food lol . All this has a point , and it is this product tastes so disgusting , even I ca n't use it . I just made a shake and I could not finish it , I got 3/4th the way through and just could n't force myself to finish it . As another poster said it tastes like drinking sand from the beach , I 'm going to try and return this , but even if they do n't accept it I do n't care , I 'm either throwing it away or giving it to someone who dares drink it.TL ; DR I who eats/drinks things others find disgusting ca n't stand the taste and texture of this product . Feels like I 'm drinking fine sand with a slight vanilla flavor . Nutritional facts listed shows no iron or phosphorus , the container however does . Entire reason I bought it was because it did not have iron .
 Taste
 I 'm normally not real picky about how things taste , so I was n't real worried when I bought this as it was cheaper than other alternatives and I 've been putting rice protein in my oatmeal for months . But I ca n't stomach this stuff . When I opened the jar the first time I had to look at the label to make sure they did n't send me something else . It had the smell of banana to me . I hoped after a few days I 'd get used to it but I have n't .
 I bought this because I was using whey that was a little on the sweeter side , but I decided to try this one because it had a better ingredients list . I 've only been using it for 3 days , trying to mix it in with oatmeal or greek yogurt or smoothies and I have to say i ca n't get beyond the chalkiness . I ordered the vanilla and I ca n't taste any vanilla in it at all . I do n't even use a full serving -LRB- 1 heaping tbsp = 12 grams of protein -RRB- and it 's still overwhelming . I do n't consider myself picky with anything I eat , and I use protein powder to simply put off my appetite in between meals or to have a nice filling breakfast . Whenever I add this though I really just do n't even want to finish what I 'm eating because all the flavors are ruined . Amazon did a great job at delivering , but I definitely would look for another protein before buying this one . -LRB- PS , in my oatmeal this morning , I had blueberries , vanilla extract , lots of cinnamon , milk , and water , and the chalkiness and gross flavor was STILL there -RRB-
 I was really excited to get this , because I was looking forward to getting more protein into my kids without having to force it . No such luck!No matter what we put this in -- thick smoothies , oatmeal , etc , we could taste and feel it ! As the other 1-star reviewer said , the texture of this powder is awful -- terribly grainy !! A couple of times I even soaked it for like an hour before mixing it into the smoothie . Less grainy , but still noticeable . This is a problem with all rice protein , from what I 've read , so it 's no fault of this manufacturer , but I wish I 'd known about it before my purchase!Then there 's the taste . It 's that horrible fake vanilla that overpowers everything , and none of us could stand it . I rolled my eyes at my kids until I tried it myself , and I could n't get past it either ! I had that involuntary `` ick '' face after every taste . Even with like a teaspoon of it in about 2 cups of smoothie!So now there 's this huge gallon-size container almost full of this stuff in my pantry , and I have no idea what I 'm going to do with it . I think if it were n't for the flavoring , I could try to hide it in something cooked , but it is just such a nasty taste .
 I gave this product two stars based on the taste and texture . It is grainy , and definitely does not taste like vanilla . I 'm not really sure what it tastes like , but it is very gross -LRB- at least mixed with a glass a milk -RRB- I have not tried baking with it like the other product reviewers have mentioned , so maybe that will help with the taste . I 'm glad there is a product out there that can meet peoples needs who have allergies . Maybe the chocolate tastes better ?
 Causes bloating and the most horrid gas imaginable . Try hemp or soy protein for vegans . Maybe half the recommended serving size .
 I was looking for a dairy free protein supplement -LRB- not due to dairy allergies , but just to vary my food intake -RRB- , and was advised that rice protein `` is a great alternative . '' I wish I could agree .1 . Rice protein powder has a grainy texture , and does not dissolve easily in liquids -LRB- I 've tried water , almond milk , regular milk -RRB- . Even with an electric blender , clumps of undissolved powder float to the top making it very unappetizing .2 . The product has a lousy taste . I tried to stick with it , to finish out the canister , however , my stomach got to the point of repulsion just at the thought of drinking it , and I ended up throwing out the remaining half . Even mixing it with fruit -LRB- banana or blueberries -RRB- did not cover up the bad taste . I did not try using fruit juices because of their high sugar content .3 . Most importantly , to achieve the amino acid profile of one serving of whey protein , you would have to use about 3 or 4 times as much of the rice protein powder . You can figure this out by comparing the amino acid profile on this product with the profile on other standard whey proteins . So , one scoop of whey protein vs 4 scoops of rice protein , to achieve the same amino acid profile . Given all the bad characteristics of rice protein , the idea of using more of it was just not an option.I wish I could recommend other non-dairy supplements , but all the ones I tried so far tend to have similar problems and limitations .
 I 've had a bunch of rice proteins , and this is far and away the worst I 've ever consumed . It 's absolutely vile tasting for one , and secondly , it digests horribly . It leaves behind a filmy , paste-like coating in your mouth , and always upsets my stomach . I 've used casein and whey proteins that do n't upset my stomach , and this rice protein formula does.I 'm amazed at the amount of positive reviews on here . This is far and away the worst protein supplement I 've ever used in my life . I would n't touch this stuff again with a 10-foot pole .
 This smells and tastes REALLY bad . I do n't think this is the brand or manufacturer 's fault . It 's just rice protein powder in general . I tried it in shakes , I tried it in baked goods , I 've tried it straight up . IT 'S GROSS.If you can find some way to get a sample , then do that . DO NOT buy a tub of it , thinking you 'll use it ... especially if you 're reluctant to buy it in the first place.The vanilla flavor is also really gross and does nothing to mask the rice powder flavor in general.Again , this is not nutribiotic 's fault . Rice protein powder ... just does n't taste great .
 I 've had plenty of natural protein powders in my life , but never has any of them tasted so repulsive . This powder hardly mixes with water , or any substance for that matter , and it creates a chalky , grainy texture in your drink . The first time I tried this powder i gagged . Its hard to believe that any of the previous reviewers did n't mention the taste , or lack thereof . This is the first and will be the last time i purchase this product for the obvious reasons i mentioned above .
 Does not mix well , gritty , messy . It also bothers my stomach . This is the worst protein powder I have ever tried . NOW Pea Protein works very well and is vegan .
 It seemed like a winner at first , but once I got it home . I discovered that the instructions say a serving is `` a heaping tablespoon '' ! What the hey ?! I want to have an exact measurement . Do n't all of us who take protein mixes seriously want that ? But I ca n't do the whey or soy protein , so the rice is good . Hard to find a good one though . Wo n't buy this again .
 If there was a lesser rating this product would get it . It tastes like plastic and it 's very grainy . I tried mixing it with berries and I tried it with coffee . Nothing helped . What a waste !
 wast of time . . tast badd . . mean reaallly bad . . the worst tasting protein you can experience with ... if not i guess i from outer space
 Tastes awful and does n't dissolve well into food or beverages . I 'm pretty tolerant of tastes and will continue to consume something if it 's not the best tasting if it 's healthy for me unless it tastes so bad and well , this does just taste so bad I could n't tolerate it .
 Agh , I do n't know how anyone could get this down ! I still feel like I 'm going to be sick just thinking about what it was like to try to drink it . I bought it for a cleanse , no thank you ! I guess I 'll stay uncleansed if this is a requirement !
 It just sat there on the shelf for the longest time because I was loathe/reluctant to drink it . I do n't even like pulp in my orange juice . My dad says it tastes like cardboard . It does work , but makes you bloated . Prefer the pill forms -LRB- calcium polycarbophil -RRB- and chewable flavored tablets -LRB- inulin -RRB- . Also , the Benefiber -LRB- wheat dextrin -RRB- colorless/tasteless powder is better too , as it has no grit and tastes ever so slightly like cotton candy . Would not buy again.BTW I believe the way soluble fiber reduces cholesterol is by binding with bile from the gall bladder -LRB- absorbing it -RRB- and drawing it out of your system . Bile is created with cholesterol from your system .
 I could not stomach this product . It was recommended in the diet that I was following ... but I had to skip this one . I do not know how to even describe it ... and I can tolerate a lot of odd flavors I thought but not this one . Also it does not dissolve in liquid well and it kind of floats on top making it even harder to drink it . I tried shutting my eyes and my nose but no way!Pure torture .
 I 've used this product before , but in the capsule form . I thought I was getting a good deal since the health store was so expensive . However , I did n't notice that the online bottle was in tablet form . I 'm taking 3 per day where in capsule form all I needed was 1 per day . I 've been taking this product for three weeks with some relief , but only if I do n't drink alcohol ! Not ! In the capsule form I had NO hot flashes and I could drink . I 'm getting ready to chuck these and do an all out search for capsules on the internet . Otherwise , I 'll gladly pay the price at the health store for a good night 's sleep and a little fun !
 My husband had a heart attack several years ago in his forties . He has been off and on statin drugs - they are effective at keeping his cholestrol levels in an acceptable place , but the side effects are a problem . I read about this Sytrinol product , it sounded good , so we 've given it a try . Prior to Sytrinol with just fish oil his cholestrol levels were as follows
 I have been taking Sytrinol for over two months and tested my cholesterol a few days ago . I was expecting a 20-30 % reduction , but instead my cholesterol reading was much higher . I took the test twice more to make sure and it came out the same . I have not otherwise changed my diet in this time , so my conclusion is that Sytrinol most likely does not work at all . It looks like a con .
 I wish that I had noticed all the benefits that the other reviewers had , all I experienced were horrible headaches . I would take some before bed and wake up every night with a terrible headache which is ironic because the reason I was taking it was to help get rid of headaches .
 orange seemed most appealing to me , but I do not like it . It works , but I have to build up to it . I just really do n't like drinking it . It is really tart , slightly orange tasting , and I have a hard time getting it down . I have to chug it quickly . I 'd rather take a pill and get it over with quickly . Just blech . I 'd rather take Bluebonnet Calcium/Mag Vit D liquid , and that is a thick goopy liquid but I only need 2 TB of it . This is just hard drinking a whole glass . Aside from the texture/sense issue , the product works well , and I do n't get restless legs at night . It does help me sleep and I am in a better mood since taking it .
 I bought this product , based on many positive reviews , and was not satisfied . I got the original flavor , which I followed the directions while preparing it . First of all , it is vile . My husband tried it also and agreed it is like the taste of acid , and burns the throat just as bad . I purchased this in hopes of getting some relief from my anxiety and also to relieve my IBS . To put it nicely I 'm lucky to `` poo '' twice a week , but when I 'm stressed it is non stop . So every week is different . This product boasts its ability to regulate you , as well as to relieve stress and anxiety . I have not found this to be true so far . The taste is hard enough to get over , but it is not the worst part . After drinking it my stomach fills with air to the point that it is painful . I still ca n't `` poo '' but my husband will not be pleased tonight while I fart all over him in my sleep . It sounds funny , but it sucks . I gave it two stars only because I seem to be the exception rather than the rule . I am disappointed .
 I have been taking this product for less than a week now as prescribed . I have not noticed any difference in my anxiety level -LRB- worse if anything -RRB- . Since I have trouble with constipation as well , I was hoping it would help with that . No such luck . By the rest of the reviews , I was really counting on it working , but have so far been very disappointed . If things change , I will re-review this product .
 I bought this product once before and took for about a week . I did not notice it helping with sleep . I continued to wake every night . I also do n't notice that it calms me down . I just had a screaming match after taking 1 teaspoon in hot water and hour before . Maybe it takes a longer time to notice ? I did n't notice anything the last time either but I will continue to take it as I need magnesium .
 I read all the reviews before buying this product . I can not tell a difference by taking this supplement . I think it may have caused upset stomach . For the caling effect I have noticed nothing . I have been taking a week and a half and will allow more time
 The weight of this product was not specified by the seller and the picture is too blurry to see the details . The product description says 10 + oz , but it 's only shipping weight . The actual bottle you get is only 8 oz.I was very disappointed when the product arrived and saw the tiny little bottle . Wo n't purchase this item again .
 I bought this to help me sleep because of the tons of great reviews . I could n't get down more than a sip . I did n't expect it to be great , but it was down right unbearable . It 's impossible for me to take . Huge waste of money ,
 I have been taking this for several days on the advice of my acupuncturist and it has not had any effect on my chronic muscle pain and also has caused me to have loose bowls when going number 2 in the bathroom.does anybody know of a product that can help get lactic acid build up out of muscles ?
 I srewed the top off the bottle without removing the hard plastic pull ring . Makes me wonder if it 's safe to use . There is not other covering and I put the cap back on and it looks like it 's never been opened ! Since it 's a powered supplement this doesnt look safe . I gave it a two because of the seal and the fact that I 'll probably have to return it .
 As I have problems with sleep at night and tried all sorts of things which are most commonly recommended to improve it , I tought I try this well rated product . I tried it in all the various recommended dosages . But it did n't make the slightest difference for me . Thus I guess that it probably only works if the cause of the unrest is a magnesium deficiency.Reportedly : `` With supplements , overdose is possible , however , particularly in people with poor renal function ; occasionally , with use of high cathartic doses of magnesium salts , severe hypermagnesemia has been reported to occur even without renal dysfunction '' . `` Safety IssuesThe US government has set the following upper limits for use of magnesium supplements : Children1-3 years
 I am disappointed to report that although this product did seem to have an effect on my anxiety the first time I took it , the second time I took it , it made me very nauseated . It may be the stevia ; I am quite sensitive to artificial sweeteners -LRB- although I thought stevia was natural -RRB- . At any rate , I am going to have to get rid of this product because I 'd rather be anxious than vomiting . Call me crazy . If you are sensitive to non-sugar sweeteners , you may want to try a sample of this beforehand if you can find one before you shell out the money .
 I bought this at the recommendation of a friend who uses it religiously . I 'm not sure now , after using it for 90 days , what exactly it was supposed to do for me . It neither helped nor hurt me in any way . It was just a fruit flavored hot drink at bedtime . I see so many 5 star reviews for this product , so it must be me . I bought mine at the local Vitamin Shoppe store and paid a ridiculously high 34.00 for 16 oz . that said , I see no reason to buy it again . Any insights from users as to what I was supposed to gain by drinking CALM would be appreciated . Thanks .
 If you enjoy sour tastes , this product might suit you . I dislike the flavor of the stuff so much that I drank it for about three nights and then gave up . It 's just a matter of personal taste ; I 'm sure it will suit plenty of people just fine . I ca n't speak to the product 's efficacy since I could n't stand drinking it frequently enough for it to work .
 I 'm pregnant -LRB- George 's wife ! -RRB- , have heart palpitations and have a hard time sleeping , and I read that magnesium helps both so I bought this . I now wish I would 've tried taking magnesium in pill form , because this stuff -LRB- whether I mix it in juice or water -RRB- tastes like concentrated energy drink , and a slap in the face if that had a taste . I 've been using it for a few weeks now , and I still have n't gotten used to it . A lot of people have said they like the taste though , so you might enjoy it . My real problem is that it is n't working for me , it 's not even making me sleepy . That could be because it 's so shockingly awful that it 's somehow stimulating , I do n't know . I tried upping the dosage in my drink to see if it 'd work then , but even with small increases each night at 2 teaspoons it feels like it 's eating away at my insides . I feel like I can safely say this product does n't work for me . All of that being said , if you actually have a magnesium deficiency , this will probably help you -LRB- I do n't think I do , perhaps like most people -RRB- . Just know that this is some powerful stuff , if it does n't work for you after trying any more than 1 and 1/2 teaspoon , it probably wo n't work . Definitely start low the first night -LRB- no more than 1/2 teaspoon -RRB- , and make sure there 's a bathroom near by the entire next day ... You 'll understand why . Good luck !
 I 'm sure I would have liked it had I received the right product . I got the plain , unflavored Natural Calm instead and got a refund because it was not the product I ordered .
 Calm makes me sleep all night with just a little bit and does help with the irregularity . Unfortunately it makes me tired all the next day ... cant snap out of the tired feeling . . so this is not for me .
 I have low magnesium and have trouble absorbing it from pills . This powder was recommended . The first few times I took the normal dose , I felt instantly drowsy and relaxed . After the first week of taking it , the relaxed feeling stopped happening altogether . Also if I take it regularly I do get diarrhea.Not really sure if I should recommend it or not . Apparently it was doing something initially , but I do n't feel the effects anymore . I was hoping that this would help me sleep and help calm my muscle spasms . Those benefits only lasted about 3 days , so probably wo n't re-purchase . I got raspberry lemon and the taste was fine .
 Although the flavor was great , the claim that this `` mixes instantly '' is n't true . The can also says `` for best results
 Item description is misleading . It does n't include anything but condoms and both the variety & overall quality sucks.Here 's what I got in my 100-pack :30 Trustex Non-lubricated -LRB- very cheap condoms . 30 no lube ? Trustex ? -RRB- 12 Trustex Lubricated12 Trustex Lubricated with spermicide20 Unlabeled Lubricated -LRB- most expire in a few months , no manufacture label , look super cheap !! these are all going in the trash !! -RRB- 6 Trojan Ultra Pleasure with spermicide6 Trojan Lubricated -LRB- standard trojan , nothing special -RRB- 6 Beyond Seven Sheerlon Latex with ALOE lubricant -LRB- Nice !! -RRB- 2 Atlas Non Lubricated -LRB- these look like something you 'd find in a sex dungeon -RRB- 2 Durex Natural Feeling2 LifeStyles Snugger fit -LRB- penis chokers ! -RRB- 1 ONE adrenaline rush1 ONE pleasure plus -LRB- this one looks interesting -RRB-
 i am not happy with this item it did not give me what it said it suposed to send i would not recomend this to anyone
 These are some of the most disgusting tasting protien bars I 've ever had . I was not even able to finish the first bite . They are bitter and leave a horrible taste in you mouth . No one in my family would eat them , except for the dogs . Maybe they taste like dog biscuits . I wo n't be buying them again .
 I bought this item after reading so many positive reviews . Well , I can tell you that this trimmer is not something anyone who wants a close trim should buy . The trimmer is quiet and does not snag hairs , but it also barely cuts any hair . You can only use the sides of the trimmer to trim instead of the top on so many other trimmers.I recommend the Hammacher Schlemmer `` best nose hair trimmer . '' It only costs a few dollars more than this Wahl and it trims so much better .
 This product 's so-called `` dual heads '' are shown in a scale that is totally misleading . The actual hair and eyebrow trimmers are a joke , both being too flimsy and small to be even marginally effective for anyone larger than a GI Joe doll . The basic unit is an okay nose hair trimmer . Billing the product as anything more than that is bogus .
 Unlike a number of other Wahl-brand products that I have used over the years , I was disappointed by this trimmer . Specifically , -LRB- a -RRB- The trimmer does not cut hair very close to the skin -- about 1/8 '' of hair is left , so instead of looking `` clean '' when you are done , trimmed areas look `` fuzzy '' . -LRB- b -RRB- The battery compartment cover is on the underside of the handle . Using one hand , when the switch is pushed forward to the `` on '' position , the battery cover pops off in the opposite direction . This is the only personal care product that I have ever owned that automatically disassembles itself when it is turned on . -LRB- However , by holding the handle with one hand and sliding the switch with the other hand , this can be avoided -- but that should not be necessary if the product was properly engineered and manufactured . -RRB- Based on my experience with this trimmer , I do NOT recommend it . -LRB- I purchased this trimmer to replace a very old `` Lewis N Clark '' AA-battery operated trimmer . Unfortunately , this trimmer is no longer being sold . -RRB-
 This item was not anywhere near New , it was very USED . I did n't even have to open the packaging to realize it . It had scratches and scuffs , but that 's not even the worst part . There was HAIR inside of the packaging from the last person who used it ! Nasty , nasty , stuff . I promptly returned it . Never thought I 'd receive an item in that kind of shape from Amazon .
 I admit I got this rather on speculation because I was hoping it would provide a quick and easy solution to a woman 's occasional lip or chin hair . It did n't work at all for that . It just glided over the skin and , while it did no damage and was n't uncomfortable , it really did n't do anything about hair removal either.It really is hard to find products suitable for women 's facial hair and yet it 's a pretty common problem . Ah well . Back to the razors designed for young men I guess .
 The trimmer part works fine . The problem is the design of the trimmer . The battery compartment is on the handle where your fingers wrap around the trimmer while starting and in use . But when you start the trimmer , it is easy to open the compartment by the light amount of force you exert on the body just to press the operating button to on with your thumb.I guess duct tape would work .
 I was surprised to see so many good reviews . For myself , it was an awfulproduct . I bought Wahl 79524 26-Piece Deluxe Hair Clipper Kit and it is a great product . But this trimmer is absolutely bad . I had to struggle to trim the hair . May be it did not had enough of horse power - whatever is the reason , please go else where for a better trimmer . If I find a better one , I will update this note .
 I 'm sure this product is good for something , but trimming nose hairs is n't one of them . You might as well stick a carrot in your nose ; you 'll get essentially the same result . I had an excellent Panasonic trimmer , but I accidentally dropped it and broke it . This Wahl trimmer looks like a good deal , but you get what you pay for . I decided to toss it and buy another Panasonic .
 The Wahl Personal Trimmer is better than nothing . But it does n't trim nose hairs well at all . I agree with the reviewer who said you 'd be better off sticking a carrot up your nose . Also , I ca n't get it to trim ear hair very easily . I 'm not happy with this purchase .
 This unit has not worked well for me . After much trying , I 've given up and consider my $ 10 lost . Besides not working , the cap does n't fit properly , the battery cover keeps sliding off and the overall construction is cheap .
 I had one of these that lasted me about 5 years , and I was happy to replace my old Wahl with this newer one.I 've had the thing for about 2 months , and it 's just lousy . I ca n't tell if the problem is a dull blade or just that the motor is n't getting enough power . At first I thought the blame was with the rechargeable batteries I was using . I 've changed the batteries out a couple times , and that 's not the case.This thing is junk , and I 'm going to have to scrap it and order another one . I 'll probably get one by a different manufacturer . Very disappointing !
 WARNING . Before you purchase this look at the other reviews of Wahl 5560 as well to better inform yourself . I purchased this product because of the Wahl name . I own their plug-in electric hair groomer and it is powerful and well made . Unfortunately , this nose trimmer is not of the same quality . It is cheaply made foreign junk with the Wahl name stamped on it . The cutter actually did a decent job , for a week or two . Then started having trouble with the little motor , would n't turn or cut . I took it apart and the motor looks like a cheap motor from a toy in a happy meal . Waste of money . I am suspicious of all these hyper positive reviews and unhappy i 've wasted money on a cheap product . I was very disappointed . Caveat emptor . os
 This is a very low quality trimmer . It 's not made in the USA like some other Wahl products . It does a terrible job of trimming . I have another Panasonic trimmer , and while that one has hurt me , it does a much better job trimming . I could spend an hour using this Wahl to trim the hair , or I can spend 5 minutes with the Panasonic being careful .
 * UPDATED below * I originally started by buying a Wahl nose hair trimmer , but it died pretty quickly . It was n't very powerful but it trimmed the hairs okay . The quality was sub-par , and the top would constantly pop off , so when it died I decided to try something else.Next , I bought the Panasonic Panasonic ER421KC trimmer . The quality & power was much better than the Wahl , and the Panasonic trimmed better too . But I was pretty disappointed that it only lasted about a year and a half before it died as well.A couple of months ago I bought the Mangroomer nose hair trimmer . The quality is similar to the Panasonic , but it does n't cut nearly as well . If I go slow enough , it 'll cut the hairs . Otherwise , the Mangroomer likes to pull hairs . I 'm not too impressed by it so far -LRB- after 2-3 uses -RRB- . It 's not terrible , but it 's bad enough that I decided to write this review for the 3 trimmers I 've used.We 'll see how long the Mangroomer lasts . But based on trimming , I 'd have to say the Panasonic is the best I 've used so far . Obviously , I 'm still pretty disappointed that it did n't last longer though . After only + / - 18 months of use -LRB- and only using it twice a month at the very most -RRB- , I expected to get more out of it.I 'd like to try something else -LRB- if / when the Mangroomer dies -RRB- but I do n't currently see anything else on Amazon which has received good enough reviews . * UPDATE * The Mangroomer was only used 1 more time and now sits in a toiletry bag . I have no idea if it still works or not , and have no desire to ever try it again.Now that I 've had the Philips Norelco NT9110 for about 2 years , and recently remembered my prior review/s , so I decided to update them . This is by far the better of the 4 trimmers . I read back then about other people having problems with water or rust , or something like that , so I always made sure to blow any access water out after cleaning it . I also never put the cap back on . Instead , I stored it in an open place where the blades would n't get damaged , and any moisture left behind would still be able to dissipate . I 've never had a problem.I had noticed this trimmer before , but something about the design turned me away from buying it . For whatever reason , I felt the other rotary designs would/should be superior , but they 're not . The Philips Norelco cuts just as close as any of other trimmers , it has never pulled one hair , and its never cut me -LRB- which was a concern with this design , and I 've jammed/pushed it into any areas as needed -RRB- . If something ever happens to it , I 'll be buying this one again . I hope this is helpful to someone .
 This Wahl Nose Trimmer does not work at all . It does not trim any nose hair . Have had excellent experience with two previous Panasonic models which have since broken . In fairness to Wahl , I do use some of their other products and am reasonably satisfied with them .
 Wahl 5545-506 Dual Head Wet/Dry Personal TrimmerI found this product absolutely useless ! Even after careful insertions and re-inserions , it inevitably cut next to nothing at all . I had to resort to using my old trimmers to get the job done . Do yourself a favor - DO N'T buy this piece of junk ! I 've since purchased the Norelco NT9110 - it 's quiet , powerful enough and does a great job of cutting those wiry nose hairs quite closely . In fairness to Wahl , I do own some other good Wahl trimmers , but this is definitely NOT one of them . Trust me on this , gentlemen - it 's terrible !
 Product seems to work well . The black light fell apart as soon as I took it out of the box .
 You ca n't see anything with the light unless you put your face up to the carpet -LRB- in which case you 'd smell the pee anyway - so why buy the light ?? -RRB- and the spray certainly does n't make the urine `` disappear '' as seen on tv -- which makes it all fraudulent advertising . Keep shopping .
 The product was defective -- the blacklight would not even turn on.I sprayed the whole bottle of solution on one modest-sized area of the carpet , and it did n't remove the smell.I bought this item at Lowe 's , and I 'm glad I did , because they took it back with no questions asked .
 The light that comes with UrineGone is useless however I have my own blacklight . The product does not work on fresh or old pet stains . I have a 14yr old dog that is incontinent and is now in diapers . I had lots of spots to test . I have tried over 8 different products and none of them would remove the stains under blacklight from carpet . The walls wipe down fine . I tried Urineout , Resolve , Nature 's Miracle , OxyClean and a few others I ca n't think of . I am amazed that Urine Gone gives you a blacklight that shows the product does not work , if your light happens too . If you have pets invest in a decent blacklight if you want to make sure things are clean .
 The UV light does not resemble the one shown on the package . It is incredibly flimsy . Getting batteries installed into it was very difficult . The springs in the battery compartment door are not the right size and shape and do n't make good contact with the battery ends . The cheap plastic tabs on the battery compartment door broke immediately under the strain of the springs . The product came with a note acknowledging that the UV lamp may not work , and recommended taking it apart to make sure the bulb was properly socketed . I did that , and it still does n't work.Is the liquid product of any use ? I have no idea ; we 're returning the package . I strongly recommend that you avoid this product .
 The Urine Gone works very well , as I expected . The black light I received with it only worked for 2 days , and not very well . The contacts on the bulb wo n't stay seated .
 This will always show where pee has been , even after it has been cleaned . Check with the company . It also will ruin your rug . It 's the worst product ! Zero Odor or Bac Out are much better . My kids had a blast with the black light !
 Urine Gone light does not work , is extremely low quality and is basically a piece of junk . The urine gone product seems to work but a recipe on-line for this will save you a lot of money .
 The quality was n't there and one came with a hole near the ankle . You get what you pay for so not recommended .
 My orthopedist suggested I buy these following knee surgery for when I take a plane trip . I bought them and what a waste of money ! I can not remark on how well they do or do n't work because I could not get the damned things on ! I think it would take at least two people to help get these things on . I bought them just before a flight from San Francisco to London and had no problem . Just got up and walked around every once in a while . This was money wasted and they were not cheap !
 This product was a Christmas gift and was integral in a funny gift for my husband , but to my surprise when we opened the box and put in brand new batteries , it dent even work ! Do n't buy , unless you want a dud !
 These thigh high compression stockings by Truform have disappointed me . Although they do fit well on my legs up until the kneecap area , they slide down from the thigh despite the elastic at the top and this leaves red irritation marks on the skin behind my knees.I will say that they are easy to put on and take off , which is a plus because they are long ; therefore when they go on easily over my ankles and legs it 's great . Trouble is , as I mentioned above , they just do n't stay at the thigh ; they ride down after just 30 minutes or so and that 's not what I wanted.Like another reviewer says , I will now stick to knee high compression socks . Try these if you want ; but if you want thigh high compression stockings I would look for another brand .
 These stockings are thinner and not as much compression as the Truform men 's stocking in the mostly white box what happen to them I wo n't buy these again ! : -LRB-
 Granted this is the first time I 've used a product like this , so I ca n't review it comparitively . But ... ew . The mouthfeel is gross and so is the taste . Even my son who 'll eat/drink anything vociferously rejected it .
 I went with this choice because it was half the price of `` Greens First '' which blows it away . You get what you pay for . Greens Plus tastes like Spirilina . I hope there is more than that in the ingredients . I was feeling good after drinking it so maybe it still has the benefits but yucky taste .
 I like the ingredient content so I give it 2 stars . But the taste is horrible , it 's slimy and it 's too expensive . I get more for the money , the same if not better of an effect and MUCH better taste when I buy my usual stuff : Amazing Grass Green SuperFood , 60-Servings , 17-Ounce Tub -LRB- I bought it for way cheaper than today 's listing , you have to watch prices ! -RRB- I did n't like this Greens stuff at all and it literally gags me . I 'll stick with Amazing Grass .
 I 've been a herbalist , homeopath , vitamin consultant , food allergy diagnostitian & worked in the retail health food industry from 1985 - 2005 . I love green powders and consider spirulina in particular to be one of the 2 most important supplements one can take -LRB- probiotics is the other -RRB- . I remember Greens + when it first came out on the market . The original owner -LRB- Brown was his name -RRB- sold the rights to his product years ago & retired to Scotland at a young age . Whatever has occurred since has completely ruined this product . For some reason the manufacturers of this product seem to feel that customers want a powder that is saturated in bitter stevia , so repugnant that it 's almost impossible to keep it down . And this is coming from a person who takes all kinds of bitter herbs , tinctures , etc. . I hate to throw my bottles of Greens + out and will continue using them but only in small amounts with significant amounts of alfalfa powder , spirulina & tasteless fibre & greens powders to mask the sickeningly sweet taste of this . If I 'd wanted a dessert , I would have asked for dessert . I can not imagine anyone using the prescribed heaping tablespoon and adding fruit or juice to the mixture . I wonder if the manufacturers had ever tried this product ! Oh , and as another note
 I ordered this product for my husband . He used them 3 times and they shredded . I am disappointed in this product and would not recommend it .
 I purchased 4 of these brushes and with all of them the side with the larger hairs -LRB- left side on the picture -RRB- sheds and is of poor quality for anything other than cleaning your shaver . On the other hand the smaller side works great and does n't shed nearly as much if at all .
 The idea behind this pen seems like a good one , but based on my experience I 've concluded that it is impossible to write comfortably.The two aspects of the pen that make it uncomfortable for me are
 i work in an office and sometimes experience pain/fatigue from writing . i bought this pen to alleviate , but it 's loose around my finger and then difficult to hold in place . plus the quality is not good , the cap that comes with the pen does not stay on . look elsewhere .
 I agree that the end of the pen is too small to grip comfortably . Also , the ink is blue , which was not specified in the listing . The quality of the ball point seems to be mediocre . Overall , a good concept , but needs fine-tuning -LRB- like a softer material with more rounded edges -RRB- . Too expensive for what you get .
 I purchased this item hoping it would resolve my difficulty in being able to write with an assistive device . I have severe neuropathy in my hands . You have to grip this hand aid with all four fingers and your thumb . Gripping with my thumb caused marked discomfort , thus preventing me from using this aid .
 Bought this typing stick for a family member with limited hand/finger function . The hard plastic cuff that fits around the back of the hand digs into the hand and leaves a mark . He used it only a couple of times . Then we ordered a brown plastic typing aid with an adjustable velcro strap on the back from another company -LRB- Preston - Sammons ? -RRB- . That aid works great .
 I take a lot of chewable and the flavors can vary greatly . Unfortunately , this is about the worst tasting chewable I 've tasted . I love taking my other chewable , even the iron chewable are far better than this . It has a weird sweet/metalic taste to it that I just about have to choke down and it sometimes sets my stomach on edge . I 've made myself keep taking these due to needing to supplement my B vitamins , but I wo n't be buying these again . I 've experienced no obvious benefit from these , but in the realm of supplements you do n't always notice a difference even when blood tests say there is one . I have n't had my B levels taken recently to say if my levels have come up , but based on taste alone ... I wo n't be buying these again .
 I ordered these because the pill version makes me nauseous ... this was no better ! Holy moly was the taste soooo bad ! I had one and I threw away the package .
 I wish I could say this will be a fantastic review like so many others but I am not going to be anything but honest . My Dr instructed me to try a B Complex vitamin to help with my low energy levels due to Fibromyalgia . I picked this one in hopes that it being chewable would be easy as honestly I am rather sick of swallowing large pills.While I think Solaray is a good company I am very disappointed in the flavor of this supplement . It says it is Strawberry-Kiwi and while I love both of those fruits I really dislike the taste of this round chewable . It is about the size of a quarter , pale pink , and not tasty at all . Taking this is torture and I honestly do not think I will be able to finish the bottle.I think I am going to see if they have another flavor !
 This product is perfectly fine , but I would be concerned about ordering from this seller , AmericanRx . The product was shipped USPS , took a very long time . Then I had to be at home to sign for the package . On top of everything else , the box the deodorant was in was smashed , so I 'd say packing was pretty rough as well . Not worth the hassle .
 Nothing could be more dry than this . . the only problem I have with it is that after few days of use I got strong rash on my arm pits , arms and chest . . I stopped using it and within few days the rash was gone.I will use again for another try -LRB- I do n't give us easily -RRB- ...
 The flavor is n't bad , but its not great either . The powder is very fine and puffs up into the air with the slightest touch . It doesnt mix well and foams quite a bit when mixed in a shaker . Last , but not least , it gives me the runs . I Wo n't be buying this again ...
 False advertising do not buy . Its only partially flax oil , the rest is sunflower oil , rosemary , tocopherols , ascorbate palmitate and citric acid . I guess they just forgot to mention the other ingredients , returning , very upset .
 When first received this appeared to be a good item . After only two months of very limited use the spot welds have broken off of the bulb brackets causing me to have to wire the bulb into the unit to keep it from falling out . In addition , the thumb screws will not tighten enough to keep the magnifying head level and steady . You are always looking through it at an angle and can not look straight down through it.The magnifying head works as advertised as far as viewing is concerned and I like the round flourescent bulb surrounding the magnifying lens.Buyer beware !
 I was hoping i could take these pills instead of celebrex or NSAIDs but the recommended daily dose is 4 tablets which even when i take with food tears apart my stomach and leaves me with discomfort . I tried lowering the dose to just two , then even just one tablet and to my surprise it still upset my stomach . Perhaps this products will help if you do n't have stomach problems but if you have a sensitive stomach then i would highly suggest you stay away from this one .
 Are you serious !? This is an overpriced COX-2 Inhibitor Celebrex!Raters , I am 100 % sure that you have n't check with you medical doctor on this!Aspirin came from willow bark , which is bio too . However not all natural/bio can be consume by the human being -LRB- poison -RRB- . That is why there is FDA regulation!Don ' t be a fool with natrual/bio brands . Chemists do n't just sit in the lab with poisons and come up with something healthy for you to take . Most drugs come from the nature , then it goes through cleansing and alteration process , then FDA approved.Even your tap water goes through cleansing and alteration process!Be smart , and do n't fall for this non-FDA `` all natural '' bulls!HINTS : Directions4 tablets daily , or as recommended by your health care professional . for maximum benefit , take 4 tablets twice daily for the first 4 weeks . Thereafter take 4 tablets daily .1 -RRB- You have to take 4-8 tablets a day !! Do n't you know you can overdose on COX-2 Inhibitor ! 2 -RRB- for maximum benefits ... should be . . For maximum benefits .3 -RRB- Check with SAFETY list !! That is not all the problems !
 Spent big bucks buying all this stuff to make me feek great . All you really need is a daily vitamin , fish oil and EXCERCISE.Doctors said these will not hurt you , but you are wasting your bucks .
 We bought two new cans of Cutter Unscented Backwoods Insect Repellent at the start of summer and were immediately disappointed to find the cans were very hard to spray -- you could break your fingers trying to get any product out of them . Two cans are an investment of over $ 15.00 , but necessary in order to avoid bug bites the size of golf balls after only a few minutes outside . I found I could get the cans to spray as long as they were completely level so now I place a can on a level surface and spray the repellent into my hands to wipe manually -- not exactly ideal but what were my options ? I called Cutter customer service to report the problem -- but they were n't helpful . I 'll stick to the Off products from now on -- they spray beautifully .
 They advertise it like aerosol in green can , but they sell one different product on blue can , which do n't work like spray on green can.So be carefully when order this product , you must get the same product you order !!!
 I live in rural Florida near a Lake , and I have a spring fed pond in my front yard . Unfortunately , these beautiful sights can be a breeding ground for insects of all sorts . Off and Cutter were my go to sprays for repelling mosquitoes and other bugs . However , in 2009 I found myself using seven times more spray -- I counted the cans.Deet has been identified as the key ingredient that repels biting bugs . Unfortunately , both Off and Cutter have significantly reduced the percent of Deet in their product , and it is more difficult to find the economical 11 oz can which was a 16 oz . can . Both Off and Cutter have also raised their prices on these products . I have old cans in my barn which show 65 % , 50 % , 35 % , and 43.3 % . The new Off spray was 15 % in 2009 , and is now 14.25 % in 2010 . It is to be noted that Deep Woods Off is at 25 % , and a 6 oz can will cost you approximately $ 6.00 plus tax.The Cutter brand was 23.0 % in 2009 , but in 2010 it changed its ingredients to N N-diethylm-toluamid at 9.5 % , but you can find some Cutter cans with Deet if you search . The Cutter brand is $ 8.00 plus tax for a 6 oz . can.I now use Repel Sportsmen Max made by WPC Brand in MO , which contains 40 % Deet at $ 3.50 for a 9 oz . can . It repels bugs and it 's a great deal . I purchase Repel at my local Big Lots stores.by Educating the Consumer
 I ordered this Cutter spray on July 3rd , and it 's now Sept 19th & I STILL have n't received it . I 'd suggest not wasting your time , try another vendor or buy in a store !
 This is miss leading pictures , the price they charge is only for 2 tin cans , not like the pictures show the big case ... Beware the print ...
 Tried this product for a couple of weeks . Did n't really notice any relief of symptoms . Thought it was a waste of money .
 the product is bad and to make it clear on what exactly is writen on the box i recived on the top of the back of the box it says in a clear green color `` FOR ENTERTAINMENT USE ONLY '' and on the bottom side of the back of the box it says in black `` THIS PRODUCT SHOULD NOT BE SOLD OR PROMOTED AS AN EAR CANDLE . IT IS FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE USED OR SOLD AS A MEDICAL DEVICE AND IS NOT REGULATED OR EVALUATED BY THE FDA '' also it smells very bad and as a customer i have all the right in the world to say how i grade this product !!!
 The description said there are 4 sticks of candles and there were just 2 when the package came . The shipping was in bad condition and late . I will recommend to spend some more money and buy it from someone else .
 This product is worthless . It even says in the directions `` for entertainment purposes only . '' It does absolutely nothing , and I would not recommend it to anyone . Total waste of money !
 I 've heard so many things about ear candles , how they relieve pressure , how they help ear aches . in all honesty I did n't notice a single change in the pressure in my ears , the wax build-up or anything . Is n't this product supposed to do something ?
 this product is a HOAX ! do not waste your money or time on this product . the wax that you get inside the candle after is only a byproduct of the burnt candle and has nothing to do with what is in your ear . to test this , i burnt a candle in the air and did n't insert it in my ear . . not surprised at all , i got the exact same results as when i had the candle in my ear . who would 've guessed . do n't buy this .
 I would give this 1 star if possible . These ear candles -LRB- and all ear candles -RRB- DO NOT DO ANYTHING !!! It is a proven fact , if you just let one burn you get the same amount of `` wax '' as you do when you put it in your ear and burn it . The stuff in it after it is burnt is just a byproduct of the candle burning . Please save your money for something that actually works . STAY AWAY !!! Look into it if you dont believe me !
 This product does n't work.First off , it did not send out any alarms or signals when all set up as the paperwork said it would , secondly , testing to see if it works requires wetting the undies with salt water ; thus you ca n't just put them on your kid after testing them!We really did not want to use a system with a cord -LRB- from the undies to an sensor -RRB- so we had high hopes for this system to work . We tried it for over a month with no dependable signals coming from it , but now we 're with a now non-returnable item due to having it for over a month . A waste of our time and a big waste of our money , plus it 's not working made our son even more frustrated than before ! This upsets me the most !
 We have used this for two nights and the second night the unit failed to awaken my son . Not happy about this at all since it is pricey and yet you have something that isnt working .
 This alarm is a great concept and is very good when it works . We had problems with the transmitter draining batteries and not alarming when it was supposed to . Sent back to store for check and they said it was OK but still had the problem when it came back . It seems the engineering/design of this product made in Holland is not up to a 5 star rating . I am very disappointed especially since we did all the special electrical checks on the device .
 This product seemed like the ideal solution for my six year old 's problems . It would be , if it were at all reliable . Unfortunately , it only works maybe 30 percent of the time . Most nights , my son wakes in the morning in a puddle having worn the stupid things all night with the alarm not going off at all . My husband messed with them trying to get them to work and says the wiring sewn in the undies is really crummy . You have to fiddle with the wiring to get them to work . How do you do that every night ?
 I purchased this device from Just Home Medical through Amazon . I have had the product for a couple of weeks now and could n't begin to tell you anything about how it functions or whether it works . The reason for this is because I am convinced the people at Just Home Medical are completely incompetent.When the unit arrived via regular mail in the priority mailing box , I opened it up expecting to find a complete kit . Instead , I had only been shipped the wall plug-in receiver and the smaller transmitting device - no set of briefs , no instructions , no `` Seven Days ... '' Guide ... nothing . I half expected to receive a box from the manufacturer with all of the materials inside . Not the case - I just got the USPS priority box with the two devices wrapped in bubble wrap - like this thing was being manufactured at home by someone in his/her garage or something.I called the 800 number provided for service for two days - got nothing but a busy signal . I finally wised up and dialed the 800 number for sales instead of service -LRB- because they always answer - right ? -RRB- and was able to contact a sales rep. I explained the situation and received the rest of the shipment about a week and a half later.Now , we 're ready to go and try it out -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . I followed the instructions line by line , proceeded with the test , no alarm - nothing happened . The instructions recommend replacing the battery -LRB- which is n't a coin cell , AA , AAA , or anything normally available -RRB- . So , now , we 're having to go on a mission for a new battery before we 've even had a chance to try this thing out . It 's almost as if I was shipped someone else 's return.So , we 're about a month in from the original order date from Amazon , and we 're nowhere near being able to tackle the matter of bedwetting . I thought that , for the amount of money this thing cost , I was spending a little more and getting a better product . Not the caseNot sure who 's to blame here - the manufacturer , the retailer , or both . It does n't really matter in the end . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 The Rodger Wireless Bedwetting Alarm arrived at our home about two weeks ago with much excitement from our 8 year old . The first night of use showed us the potential of this system as there were no big accidents due to the alarm waking her as soon as she started to go and she loved not being weighed down by wires.The next night , the alarm never activated due to a drained battery in the transmitter . We figured it was a `` bad '' battery and replaced it with the backup battery that shipped with the kit.This battery lasted two nights and then failed as well ... fast forward 5 nights and two more batteries later . The device was dead again . We put in yet another battery , tested it and no signal . We took the battery out and tested it with a battery tester . It was already drained after 10 minutes in the device without ever being attached to the underwear . We put in the last new battery we had -LRB- number 6 in about 9 nights -RRB- , it still did n't work and when we removed it , the battery was so hot , I burned my finger.This was clearly due to a short in the transmitter -LRB- no , we did n't accidentally wash it -RRB- . Yesterday , the service desk insisted we ship it back -LRB- at our $ 20 expense -RRB- for testing to `` confirm '' if it was working properly . If defective , we would get a replacement in about two weeks . So , not only did we lose all the great progress with our daughter , but now we still do not know if the replacement , assuming we get one , will be any better . What if our daughter had been wearing it when it overheated ? I think we may be better off with the `` wired '' variety .
 The worth vitamins ever '' ----- `` taste and smell horrible , big.I 'd not buy or recommend it to anyone
 I bought this on another site and feel compelled to review it on amazon as well . I got it for my toddler 's curly hair . The smell of this product is sickeningly sweet . It 's very talcy , which I do n't understand because it contains no talc . Also , why would you want a natural product to smell like baby powder , which is not natural and not healthy ? Even though I hated the smell out of the bottle I tried it once just to see . It was not all that effective and the smell just really grossed me out . If you are easy to please when it comes to fragrance you might like it . But if you are a minimalist on scent , try to find it locally and get a sniff of it yourself before buying !!!
 I bought this as our child had multiple well documented ear infections . I found this very difficult to use - could not visualize the ear drum/membrane very well . After trying for a couple of times , I went ahead , returned this and bought a medical grade otoscope by ADC -LRB- available via Amazon -RRB- , and liked that a lot . Though this is a good looking instrument , and seems to be designed well , I am not sure why it doesnt work very well in visualizing the eardrum . I am pretty sure it isnt merely my technique - the ADC otoscope works very well in my hands . .
 Summer Infant Ear & Throat Exam Kit was really inexpensive . It felt like it was made by fisher Price and was only a toy . I was hoping for a better product tht I could actualy examine my son 's ears in regards to infection and tube placement . I was unable to use it for its titled use
 I should have either gone with a more expensive model or skipped out altogether on this purchase . It 's basically a toy . The tip constantly falls off . I realize it is meant to be replacable , but it should n't stay in the ear of the person your looking into the ear of . Being what I now know about ear infections -LRB- that they do n't necessarily need to be treated every time -RRB- , I think I should just leave the diagnosing to the professionals and then I can decide whether or not to administer antibiotics.The good news is that when my son is old enough that the peices are not considered a choking hazard , I can probably give this to him to play doctor with .
 I bought two of these , one for my wheelchair and one for my scooter . I have tried connecting them to all the round parts of both vehicles . The clips pop off almost every time I take off the reacher . I spend a lot of time putting the clips back on . Now they are in the trash . Do not buy this product .
 they are hard to unwrap ! it 's very annoying sitting in the bathroom struggling to open your tampon . i do n't recommend them .
 Bought this for my sister who has lower back issues . Even though she 's pretty small , it was n't long enough to reach her lower back . This is designed for someone who wants to use it on their mid to upper back . She also found the ridges on it to be uncomfortable .
 I was pretty disappointed with this product . For one thing , they did n't put enough herbal stuffing in it . It seemed to be only about half full . Secondly , what little there was all fell to the bottom when placed around the shoulders , which kind of defeats the whole purpose . I sent it back.As an aside , I was quite impressed with how easy Amazon 's return process is .
 I wanted the product as shown . It was not , I feel what I got to be inferior to what I thought I was getting .
 Pros
 Avoid buying these batteries for flash applications.If you need all 4 batteries in a set to operate electronics like a flash , be aware that not all of the batteries in the set will operate with anywhere near rated capacity.Ran tests , after noticing a low number of flashes produced by several sets of CTA batteries.Charged 4 CTA batteries and 4 of another brand , both with similar capacity . CTA batteries fizzled after 70 flashes . Measuring the capacity of each cell individually
 Warning , these batteries do n't work . They do n't hold a charge for more than a day or two.Also , the company itself -LRB- CTA -RRB- is kind of sketchy . Their support email currently has an auto-reply up which says `` Due to the upcoming holiday season , we 're experiencing an increase in e-mail volume . '' Well , Christmas was 2 months ago !
 I am surprised this is rated so highly . It has sharp edges , it looks spray painted -LRB- not galvanized -RRB- , and it 's slightly mis-shapen . It simply does n't look as nice as what I expected for the price .
 This is a poorly made shaver from a company that once was stellar . The head hinge is weak and the head tends to pop off unexpectedly , a problem made worse by the poorly designed blade holder which also comes out when you look at it funny . It shaved well until replacement blades went in ; after that point , despite getting authentic Norelco replacements designed for the shaver - twice - it has done poorly.Batteries are of course the cheapest NiCads Norelco could buy , not user replaceable.The cheapest three-head Norelco is better made than this rather pricey model .
 I had started taking a multivitamin awhile back and felt great . I was getting better sleep , feeling great , was no longer having issues with chapped lips -LRB- B2 deficiency , -RRB- etc. . Then I got these instead of the ones I had been taking because they are less expensive , and within a week my lips chapped again and I started having problems sleeping again . With as high a dose of vitamins this claims to have this should not be happening , I do n't think they are being absorbed properly.Also my urine no longer has a slight florescent color , which it should have with that high a dose of B2 , since it is meant to provide as much as your body could possibly need and more .
 This product I have been taking for a month and I have notice any difference.This formula/multi vitamin was n't a good quality as claimed
 i am not highly allergic individual but these vitamins covered all my face with pimples . the same time bends of my elbows started to be itchy . Also never eat them with out food - the possibility to to talk to big white phone is too high -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- So I stopped and switched to liquid vitamins . Now I have no reaction so far .
 The reviews on Dr. Tungs website won me over and at the time , I was getting desperate . So I took a risk , and purchased this product on Dr. Tungs website . I decided , I would try anything to help prevent my receding gums from getting worse.It actually made my gums red and inflamed . I immediately went to my dentist and he told me to discontinue using the product . The product is not approved by the American Dental Association which means it does not guarantee results . This product may or may not be for everyone .
 I could not see through them because of the number of holes - or something !!!? I had a pair a few years ago , and they were perfect !!! I can cup my hand around and see better than I can see through these glasses.They look similar to the other ones , but something must be different , that I ca n't identify.If I could n't see through a cupped hand , I would say it is my eyes , but that is not the case.I would love to return them , but it was too complicated a process , so I just chalked it up to a bad decision .
 After purchasing these I checked couple articles and found that it 's prohibited to advertise `` healing '' with this product . The reason is they are useless.Edit : My friend and I tried these . After using the glasses for several weeks we both agreed they did n't work . What happened exactly is we `` kind of '' felt better right after taking off the pihole glasses . But after some time each of us realized effect was temporary . Probably because it 's placebo effect or because eyes felt better receiving normal amount of light after the glasses off .
 I ordered this product and paid the high shipping costs . A few weeks later I was notified my order was canceled with no other information . This poor customer service will cause me to shop else where .
 I read about the idea of natural vision correction and decided to try these . I paid close to $ 20 for them including shipping . They are NOT worth that price . They are cheap plastic that is n't sturdy , they do not stay on your face . The instructions say `` drop in hot water '' and reform ?? Sounds like something you 'd so with sunglasses won at the fair.They are worth about $ 5 max . They WORK per se , if you are not moving around . I think I could have made my own with some frames and some screen from Home Depot .
 These are incredibly cheap and flimsy ! I knew someone who bought a pair elsewhere for $ 3 , and they were much better quality . Also , the holes in the glasses are entirely too small ! I am VERY unsatisfied with this particular product , and will never recommend to anyone . I wish that I had n't even wasted the money . : -LRB- EDIT
 I tried a version of these before but the pinholes were small . I do believe that pin hole glasses help one 's vision but not when the pin holes are too large .
 tried these glasses for 3 weeks & it was a complete waste of time & money-would not recommend this product
 Saw these exact same glasses for $ 1.50 at a local store , Amazon had them for $ 20 . Not worth $ 20 , maybe not even worth $ 1.50 .
 I 've been using heat wraps/packs for a long time for my shoulder , neck , and back pain . This heat back is VERY flimsy and poorly made . Within one week of using it was already tearing away from the seam , i 'm just waiting for the beads to spill out . Also , this does not retain heat for very long at all . I 've had other heat packs that have lasted over 30 minutes , this one barely get 's 10 minutes . I 'm surprised at the good reviews . I would spend a little more money and go with the higher quality ` Dream Time ' heat packs . I 've had mine for a few years and it still works better than this one .
 First of all the product they sent me in the mail looks totally different from the preview picture . They sent an orange bottle of `` maca '' . I tried it out and it had almost NO effect on me . Then I investigated further . On the bottle it says `` maca '' , but on the back of the bottle is lists the species name as `` Lepidium spp . '' NOT `` Lepidium meyenii '' , which is the species name for the aphrodisiac known as maca . I looked it up and Lepidium spp . is peppergrass or pepperweed - a form of tumbleweed !! They 're selling tumbleweed ! Completely false and misleading advertising ! Waste of money !
 The picture is of the antiseptic ointment but you get the skin protectant . Not at all what I wanted and badly protrayed .
 Although the light blocking is adequate if the mask is perfectly positioned on your face , the mask is too stiff . Therefore , when you turn onto your side , the whole mask shifts sideways as it 's pushed up by your pillow , letting in light . It 's also uncomfortably firm for side or stomach sleeping . Where this mask would excel would be if you were trying to sleep on an airplane , facing forward in your seat .
 It looks good but it 's not . Yes it 's true that it has holes where your eyes go , so there is no pressure around your eyes , but as a mask it 's not flexible at all . It 's only good when you sleep on your back and do n't move at all the whole night . As you turn around and sleep on the side the mask will be pushed off of your face and if you place it back on it , it wo n't stay and it 'll be inconvenient .
 I 've been using these for the past three nights and there wo n't be a fourth . I actually never made it through a full night with them on . They do a good job of blocking light but not great . The rigidity of material allows light to enter around the nose , although it 's minimal . However , the comfort factor is terrible and if you sleep on your side forget it . I would say these are slightly more comfortable than swim goggles with the bulky feel of ski goggles . Sorry , but I feel like a ton of the reviewers on amazon could only be working for the companies or are the product makers themselves.Amazon , please make these reviews for customers who have no ties financially or otherwise to the products . A simple disclosure certification for the reviewer would do . Otherwise they are 100 % useless . That goes for competitors as well . Buyers will begin to abandon amazon when they have been duped one too many times . Remember , testimonials are relied upon in the world of online purchasing .
 The mask I bought arrived damaged . The stitching was ripped in several places and the padding was coming out . The item also smelled musty -- not something you would want to put on your face . It actually looked like it would have been very low quality even if it was n't ripped , but I might be wrong .
 Wow these are bulky , and stiff . It feels like wearing a pair of ski goggles while you are sleeping . I got these because of the good reviews and the strap connection that is n't in the back . But these really are n't that great . They let in a lot of light around the nose , they feel really stiff and they feel HUGE on my face , not heavy , but huge . I am still looking for something that beats my Bucky 40 Winks , which I am not wholly happy with ...
 I had heard decent word-of-mouth reviews of this blindfold and decided to risk it despite the fact that the eye cups made it look horribly uncomfortable . I should have listened to my instincts.The top half of my face is blazing hot with it on . The cups that are supposed to prevent direct contact with the eye cut into the eye sockets themselves and are too rigid to flex with the natural movements of the head , essentially making side or stomach sleeping impossible without constant pressure on the sides of the face . Worse , the velcro strap does not attach at the back of the head like a baseball cap , but rather closer to the right ear , which results in a scratching sensation and a necessary adjustment.If you 're a back sleeper , this is perfect , but it was clearly NOT designed for use in unique sleeping positions . Very disappointing .
 I should say , if I slept on my back this would get 3 stars ... I give it 2 because light still creeps in through the nose area , due to the obnoxious padding around the eyes ... the padding is NOT soft ... just fiber fill ... NOT SOFT ! SIDE SLEEPERS BE WARNED !! your head ca n't even make contact with your pillow if you sleep on your side ... I was shocked really ... I tried it twice and I think my dogs turned it into a chew toy ... FINE WITH ME !
 i actually returned this item because i did n't care much for it . the velcro on the strap was very hard to pull apart , and it did n't really seal around my eyes well enough to keep the light out . it kinda gave me a headache , i could n't even fall asleep with it on . had to switch back to my old burt 's bees eye mask with its stretched out strap . the mask looked nice though , i can say that much . it just was too different for me , so i did n't keep it .
 I love this mask except for the fact that the color bleeds everywhere . I 've tried washing the mask which helped but did not solve the problem . I would buy a color other than blue but the only lighter color is pink so no sale .
 Ordered a black one for myself and this pink one for the wifey . The pink one simple does not work well . The black is not much better either , however the pink color makes it worse b/c it is so light . There is definite light leakage that comes from the bottom , particularly around the nose area . Just not made that well . They should have tested this product first .
 I was looking for a complete light blocking eye mask and bought this after doing some research . The mask is unbreathable , bulky , and worst of all , the velcro straps cut into my ears in the night and continually woke me up from the pain . This mask should only be used for back sleepers , not side sleepers . Bulkiness does not transition well to any movement in sleep .
 Pros
 This was a lot bulkier than I had thought it would be . I am returning it . It would be great if you are a back-sleeper , but I sleep on my side , and it dug into the side of my head .
 I have been using the Lewis and Clark sleep mask for the last couple years , which is totally great in terms of comfort and it 's ability to create total darkness , but was starting to get a little worn out and it also bleeds a blue color all over face and pillow case when you go to bed with wet hair ... the latter is really frustrating , but I have learned to just buy blue pillow cases!I purchased the Dream Essentials sleep mask a few days ago and was surprised by its rigidity . I think some people must be sensitive to fabric touching their eyes , which makes this product a decent candidate for those folks . I generally sleep with my eyes completely closed and would rather have material touching my eye lids than a sleep mask that does n't stay in one place and ca n't shift with the movements of my body as I sleep . The velcro also got stuck in my hair all night because it kept falling down toward my neck , despite how tight I would try to tie it . The rigid material gave me an intense headache if I tried to sleep on my side or even turn my head to the side ! You ca n't sleep on your side with this product because the material digs into the side of the head , which also caused a bit of bulging , leaving open spaces where light could seep in.If you are a consistent back sleeper this product might work for you . I do n't recommend this product for anyone who is a light sleeper , toss and turners , or sensitive to harsh contours of face masks on the skin .
 Be aware that this is a heavy garment . I am an active , 47 yrs . old , female 5 ' 10 '' 165 lbs . I found the vest too heavy and uncomfortable . It is also a large garment . This will not fit into a small microwave . You will need a full size microwave to warm this vest.On my vest , the horizontal seams across the vest were open at the edges and not sewn shut . As a result the herbs did not stay distributed throughout the vest . Instead they fell to the sides and down to the bottom of the vest . Turning the vest into a bottom heavy sandbag that fell off my shoulders . This could be remedied if the manufacturer evenly distributed herbs throughout the vest and then properly closed the horizontally seams . Perhaps if the herbs were properly distributed the vest may have not been so uncomfortable . I would n't hazard a guess.The pros were that the vest went far down to the middle of my back . The velure fabric was soft and the herbs smelled nice .
 This item is VERY heavy . If you are purchasing it , and are not a strong man , you could not sit wearing this.Also , another review stated the beads all graviated to the bottom because it is not stitched around the corners . By darn this is totally true . So , you put it on , and all the beads go to the very bottom leaving the rest empty . This could be totally avoided it they would just stitch the beads in small closed squares . Also , you will need a large microwave , and you will need to move it around a few times on high to get it all heated . It took me about 8 mins total in a 1000 watt medium sized microwave . To get most of the beads warmed.I already own one of this company 's products I bought over 12 years ago , and have NO problems with the old item . So , I jumped to purchase this , due to the great quality of the old one I have . BIG mistake . . I do not recommend until they fix the problems .
 My problem is shoulder biceps inflammation . I was not able to carry this huge & heavy pad to place on shoulder . I have to ask someone for help . Another problem is microwave . This pad is very very heavy and cumbersome so that carousel did not turn ... and needed more than 3 minutes to get fully heated.I throw it away and bought electric heating pad .
 I do n't have much to say as to its effectiveness . It seems to be just as good as any other whey protein blend in that sense -LRB- have n't noticed significant loss or gain vs other products -RRB- . However , it is hands-down the most utterly unbearable protein powder to drink . I 've tried a LOT of different whey products over the years , and this is by far the worst tasting . I would n't accept a free tub of this stuff . Stay away .
 Lumiscope Golden Crown Truss Double , Mediumbulky , uncomfortable and very difficult to adjust . item must fit snuggly but the adjustment straps are nearly impossible to adjust for a comfortable fit ; although it can relief the pain somewhat of an inguinal hernia , the trade off is an ever irritating fit . sadly , surgery looks to be the only alternative i have .
 I ordered the double truss as single not available . I had no hint as to the proper size so just guessed at medium large . It fit fairly well . However , the double pads for the hernia would have necessitated all new trousers as made pelvic area a lot larger . Amazon should carry more models and have a guide as to waist sizes .
 USE CAUTION IN ORDERING ; How does one know what size a medium or large or any of those offered will fit ? I ordered one , not knowing what size I needed , and now I am charged to return , because they say it is not their fault that I ordered the wrong one . Again , How does one know what a medium or large size is ? USE CAUTION
 This was sent to a family member outside the USA , but this item was not a preffered one by choice , thanks
 I really enjoy using the Philips Sonicare IntelliClean System BUT when I tried to purchase the refill head I was redirected to another website which , shows this brush head refill is discontinued . Thanks for nothing !
 The list of vitamins and minerals listed in the ad are not what are contained in the list on the product . I ca n't think of any reason any legitimate company would do that .
 Beware ... I would ` nt take these , read below link and research before thinking you are taking something benefical . All research here showing negative effects on the human body . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 KLA is great stuff ! I 've been taking it for over 20 years and it 's the only supplement that I must have . That being said , the shipper of my last order , AmericaRX , took a week to ship my KLA . If you want your stuff shipped a week after you order it , make sure you use AmericaRX ...
 I bought this item last December 2009 . They gave me a bottle whose contents will expire on June 2010 !!! Amazon should ban this seller from their site !!!
 I like the breathable panty liners by Natracare , but these curved ones are horrible . 1 -RRB- They fall apart while wearing them . 2 -RRB- Blood went right through them and stained my underwear when using them as a backup to tampons . 3 -RRB- Glue gets on your fingers while trying to peel the backs off of them . All in all , a total waste of money .
 I was looking for really breathable EVERYDAY panty liners , and I thought that I found it finally , but NO - they contain plastic on the bottom , even it is written `` Plastic free '' !!! Can not believe !
 i gave 1 star only out of respect for their effort to produce organic products . -LRB- supporting the healthy environment -RRB- but other than that , it 's waste of money.it says absolutely plastic free - yes , it is true . it 's a piece of organic toilet paper with sticker on the back.it disolves with my sweat or discharge or whatever it is supposed to be for , and makes a big mess.on top of that , the pulp from it got stuck on my skin and gave me a rash.when i went to see a doctor , she said ; `` throw that organic crap `` i just have to avoid sweating -LRB- in the summer ! -RRB- or change it every 30 minutes or every hour.i still have a whole box of this product , and thinking about how to get rid of it as soon as possible.there are some other organic products , so i 'd advise people to choose one of those , but absolutely not this one .
 I definitely do not recommend these liners to anyone . Trying to live a greener lifestyle , I picked these up at the local grocers since they were on sale . I was surprised when I opened the box . These liners are small . They do not stick well to your underwear and they tear easily . I think I will be sticking to Carefree until their is a better greener pantyliner out on the market .
 I tried a box of these 5 years ago and they ended up sitting in my cabinet as back up because they do n't hold up well . I decided to give these another try recently , and they still do n't hold up . I was hoping they would make better quality after all this time , but these things fall apart in less than half a day and get wedged in uncomfortable ways ! I would have to use 3 a day and given the expense and waste of doing that makes this product low quality .
 I ordered 2 pairs of the Tweezerman Power Hangnail Clippers . I opened 1 pair & discovered they were not sharp enough to cut my hangnails that I get from picking at my cuticles . When I went to return them I was told there was a return fee but they would waive it for me this one time . The return was over a week ago , have not heard anything regarding the refund .
 DO NOT waste your time , this product only massages 4-5 '' of an area height at a time ... very disappointing ! It is very uncomfortable in the area you want massaged as it is about 5-6 '' thick so your body is thrown out of alignment . I had more problems AFTER using this product than before . PLEASE save yourself the backache and do not use this product !!!! If I could give this product negative stars , I would.Lori S.Houston , TX
 It 's for one size only body frames . I wanted to use it mainly for an upper neck massage . I 'm behind a computer all day at work so I get tense in the upper shoulders and neck . The distance between each set of `` balls '' is too far . My husband is much bigger than I am so it fits him perfectly . Be mindful that you should be careful with how long you use it and how much pressure . I did n't realize it but I actually woke up the next morning after using it with sore muscles . I used it to get some relief from neck and shoulder pain . What I got was muscles that were n't sore before that are now .
 this product is awful . It is heavy , uncomfortable and cumbersome . You ca n't relax while using it , because you are constantly repositioning yourself -LRB- or the cushion -RRB- because it actually starts to hurt if you do n't ! Do not waste your money . I sent mine back today .
 My primary concern is my back and neck . I write this review in relation to two other HoMedics products I own . They are far superior to this product . My favorite is the HoMedics SBM-300 Therapist Select Shiatsu Plus Massaging Cushion . For the neck I prefer the HoMedics SM-100 Therapist Select Kneading Shiatsu Massager with Head-Rest . This product was a waste of money for me .
 Only had for a couple months but does n't seem to do anything for teeth or hair . Does n't seem to help much with pain either .
 After taking the prescribed dose for three weeks , I found no change in the way I felt . Maybe I did n't have the right condition for the drug , -LRB- muscle stiffness and joint aches -RRB- . But I found zero benefit from taking it .
 Never try any supplements before speaking with your doctor . I took this MSM and messed up my hormones , caused weight gain and enlarged breast ... Be careful !
 I 'm sure this product is very good , but the fatigue that I experienced kept me from truly seeing the results that I needed . I felt drugged throughout the day ... very sluggish . I thought it was just me , but when I realized that it started once I began taking the MSM , I looked up the side effects online and yes , fatigue is one of them .
 I 've been taking this supplement for over a year , but I take so many other supplements , could n't say whether I had benefit from it or not . I do have thin hair and it had not helped it become thicker . I came across an article about an actor who struggled with severe arthritis pain for 20 years and became pain free using MSM . The article stated that many brands contain fillers and little MSM . There is a purity test . Empty the contents of one capsule into a clear glass of water . The MSM will sink to the bottom and completely dissolve within a few minutes . I still have the Nature 's Way capsules , so I did the test , and nothing fell to the bottom . All of it was fluffy and floated on top of the water . It would n't even dissolve when I mixed it with a spoon . Then I took a teaspoon of MSM from Vita Flex which I had purchased for my horse . It has weight to it and is crystalline . It is supposed to be 99 % pure . All of it sunk to the bottom of a glass of water . I 've logged in to Amazon , written this review , and just went back to check and the Nature 's Way stuff is still floating on top of the water and has formed a film . This does not inspire confidence in the brand . It would be great to have a place to send supplements to test for purity.It is interesting that there are more positive than negative reviews here . But this whole purity test has put doubts in my mind .
 I ordered this a while back , we used it once and it was pretty much a bad idea . There are far better ways and better products than this .
 this mask is comfortable enough initially , but the so called `` love mask '' is not made to be worn for long periods of time . i took a nap w/it on and when i woke up the part of my face under the mask was covered w/sweat . its made of a kind of material that feels something like polyester .
 I had trouble adjusting all of the velcro straps and found that it was n't comfortable enough to wear for more than 15-20 minutes . I had purchased this to wear while sitting at my computer , so the discomfort was a big issue . It may be better if you order a size larger than recommended ...
 It sort of held my shoulders back to good posture . The straps hurt my underarms that I could only wear it for about 15 min . -LRB- And I was wearing it over a long sleeve shirt -RRB- . Planning to return it
 I have cervical degenerative disk disease and , over after years of hunching over to relieve some of the pain , I have developed really bad posture that is causing all kinds of other problems with my back muscles . My physical therapist recommended compression wear , but after searching on Amazon I found this posture corrector . The first day I got it I wore it for several hours and it ended up causing me pretty severe neck pain . Also , my husband did n't see me put in on in the morning and when he got home , he asked why I was standing so funny . My PT thinks it might have been correcting me too much too soon . This might be good for someone who does n't have really bad posture OR who does n't have other back issues.After doing more extensive research , I found Intelliskin products and bought a sports bra that is designed to correct posture . It was a LOT more expensive than this , but it IMMEDIATELY helped and I now wear it 4-5 days a week and am planning on buying another one . I 'm sure I 'll be able to reduce the amount of time I wear it as I &#34; reprogram &#34; my muscles so allow me to carry my shoulders in their proper alignment , but until then , the Intelliskin has made a world of difference !
 This does help correct posture , however , it is painful to wear . The product digs into my upper arms . It does help remind you to hold your shoulders back . Worn on outside of clothes I can see it working , but to be discreet under clothes it is painful on bare arms -LRB- I put it over a tank top as shown -RRB- .
 It made me more conscious of my posture because it restrain me from slouching my back , but it causes pain in the arm pit
 Although the product did what it was supposed to do , it was very uncomfortable . It cut into the arm pits and the Velcro edges were rough . Wearing a T-shirt under it did not help enough to make me want to continue wearing it .
 I bought this product because I have really bad Posture , It literally hurts for me to stand up straight , and I 'm only 27 yikes . . So I was Really excited about getting a shoulder/back brace to help my posture . When I got it I put it on it felt ok at first , But then I wore it to work and I suffered for about 4hours and then i just had to take it off . The Straps that go under the arm pits were killer . They should attach a piece of Fleece or something to those straps , it might be more comfortable . I have n't tried to wear it agian yet . I even tried putting a shirt under it , it didnt work .
 This item does not do what it claims it will do ! It does not correct the posture , and the arm straps are too long !! It feels like I put a bra on backwards , no real posture support !! Not worth even $ 20 . I returned it , and received a quick and curtious refund from the seller .
 When I took it out of the package there were quite a few loose threads I noticed . Ater wearing it for about 5 hours I tried to adjust it and the seam at the back split open . Also , you can not get the shoulder straps tight enough . The waist was almost too tight but the shoulder straps , at their maximum tighness , were WAY TOO loose .
 I always slouch over , to the point that any adult will scold me to sit up straight . Bought this in hopes that it will sort of `` remind '' me to keep a straight posture . I think it will work for people who are n't extra small or small . I bought the small , and it was too big , to the point it just hung loose over my body . You can probably tailor it to fit , but I returned mine.If you fit mediums , get the small . If you 're a small , this product wo n't do anything for you.If this fits you , it should help you maintain your posture , but just know that it wo n't do it for you .
 Rubbed and pinched armpits even over a shirt . Runs very small . Does n't offer a lot of support but more a painful reminder to pull your shoulders back .
 My doctor suggested that I get a posture correction brace for back pain . This product was very tight and uncomfortable . I thought it was because I needed a larger size , which I ordered . -LRB- Original product is not returnable , so now I have two ! -RRB- The second one was no better . It shaffed under my ars , cut into the skin under my breasts , and was difficult to put on . the cure was worse that the back pain !
 This product somehow manages to paradoxically be both too tight and not tight enough . I bought this after having read the other reviews , so I knew not to expect something holding me tightly in the right posture , but even so I was not impressed with its effect . The underarm straps , however , are extremely tight . The reviews which mention the discomfort caused by them are understated , if anything ... even with a shirt on I found it too uncomfortable to wear for more than a few minutes.One negative thing that I did n't see mentioned in other reviews is that it 's quite a hassle to get it on ... although perhaps this is a feature of all posture correcting braces , as I have never used a more expensive one.Based on other reviews I ordered this with the hope that it would serve as a sort of gentle reminder to improve me posture and show me how it should feel , but in reality it achieves this goal by generating constant discomfort . I could have gotten the same results by improvising my own way to make myself uncomfortable and saved the money .
 The corrector cuts into your arms . No matter how far back your shoulders are it rubs and cuts into your arms . I do n't think I would recommend this
 It is impossible to wear this for more than 10 minutes ! It rides and rolls under the breast but the worst thing is that it rubs under your arms . I bought the right size for my body so that 's not the problem . I would n't buy something like this on line again . However , I shop Amazon LOTS and will continue .
 This brace is terrible . Cheaply made . While taking it on and off , I suffered the hard side of the velcro grating against my skin whenever the shoulder strap inevitably twisted a little . Once , it left visible scrapes on my arm . After a few times on and off , the straps had already begun to fray where they connected with the velcro . I returned it . There are better options here on Amazon , but you have to invest more money for them .
 My `` posture corrector '' lays still in the box which I recieved it in . Upon its first fitting I realized that not only was it unconventional to wear this under clothing , but it was simply not very effective ! The shipper enclosed no return iformation , so I am stuck with this silly contraption . Better to disipline yourself to `` sit up straight '' and `` broaden your chest ''
 The size advertised was way too small . I returned it the next day for the Large size . I have not received it after weeks . I keep emailing the owner -LRB- he does n't answer phone -RRB- . He said he would look into it but I still have n't received it after a few weeks . I am very frustrated as I need it desperately .
 I have had problems with my posture for many years and I thought this would be an inexpensive way to work towards correction , standing straight is painful . This did absolutely nothing for me , there was not enough support . It was more like a reminder to stand straight ... did n't need a reminder , needed assistance . So today it 's back in the mail .
 I bought this because I 'm grasping at straws . I was diagnosed with CLL -LRB- leukemia -RRB- in the latter half of 2010 . Everyone that cares had all sorts of remedies to recommend . This was one of them . It , along with the other homeopathic remedies has done nothing to arrest the condition . My counts continue to rise -LRB- into abnormal range -RRB- . Will it work for you ? Some swear by this product as helpful . My suggestion
 43.2 % Corn Syrup Solids ? 10.2 % Sugar -LRB- Sucrose -RRB- ? That 's over 50 % sweeteners ! How can any responsible parent give this to his or her child ? How can any company sell this product ? Do n't people read the list of ingredients?Avoid it ! Trash it !
 I ordered the product thinking that it should be good for the price . But it doesnot keep the warm water warm for 10 mintues . The pedicure set is hard to use . The bubbles are not effective.I guess cheap is expensive !!!!
 This machine bubbles but they are anything but quiet . the water was cold in less than 2 minutes even though i put hot water in has per the instructions . A bucket would probally have done better along with air pump from my fish tank .
 I got this product as a gift for my sister , she used it once and does n't want to bother dragging it out again .
 The bubbles are great , but the heater does not even keep really hot water warm . The water cooled down to cold in about 5 minutes .
 Made of cheap plastic . Generate loud noise . The switch broke off the 2nd week I got it .
 Okay if you just want to wash your feet ... my blew up within a couple months .
 The service was great and fast , the product is just awful , does n't work at all . Do n't buy this , do n't waste your money !
 This product does not stay in place and rides up your back . It does not help keep your shoulders back one bit . I would say go the extra mile and buy a better brace .
 The item did not function as advertised , and was too , too large for me ; it could not be made to fit my shoulders / chest .
 I should have trusted the reviews but I had read mixed reviews all over . I am a size 4 or 6 and this thing is huge on me . I put it on the tightest setting and it did absolutely nothing for me . I am bummed because I was really looking forward to using it . Do not buy if you are smaller than a size 6 .
 One size fits all , eh ? Not if your 5 ' 10 '' and 250 lbs + . Tis what i get for going the cheap $ route in finding relief from mid-upper back ache . Will keep looking for sumthin else.This item is also coming from a company that has product packaging stating machine washable -LCB- online ad states it also -RCB- , while a tag on item states hand wash only . If i had known this i woulda stayed away from a company that cant keep facts straight.I rated item 1 * , has good potential as a sling shot . Albeit a pricey one .
 OK , basicaly cut the cups out of a bra and pull the straps as hard as possible . Very uncomfortable for the under arms .
 Might as well buy a piece of elastic and make one yourself . I never felt like it was strong enough to pull my shoulders back .
 This product will ride up your back and stick up out the collar of your shirt . It does nothing . Completely , utterly dissatisfied .
 This was huge and offered no support . I would be amazed if anyone found this product helpful . I was extremely disappointed and ask for a refund . I will say , the company credited my account immediately and was very nice .
 I ordered this product because my posture is n't perfect due to the fact that my spine wants to curve which is directly due to my age . I hoped that it would help me to pull up and back my shoulders which in turn would straighten my spine . It does NOT do any of that . It is simply 2 elastic armholes with bra strap closures attached that have 3 rows of hooks that may be adjustable to a man but certainly not for a woman . Thus NOT one size fits ALL !
 I bought this as a gift for my wife , and was literally appologizing a minute after we opened it -LRB- and quickly returning it to Amazon too -RRB- . It looks WAY more promising than it really is - you ca n't even call it a massager - first it 's gigantic , plain uncomfortable , does n't not fit right around the neck , and buzzes the heck out of you when you turn it on - NOT relaxing at all . Umm did I say enough - I think so - save yourself a headache -LRB- literally -RRB- , do n't go for this one .
 I was very disappointed in this item . In order to feel the vibration and the little bit of heat , you have to grasp the ends and pull it tightly to your neck . The heat only works if you have the adapter plugged in , which severely impairs the `` portability '' of the unit . This was not mentioned on the package . I 'm taking it back to the store .
 Having other HoMedics massaging devices , I expected massage and not vibration from this unit . I also expected that it would conform to my neck , but it does not . It is stiff . As stated in another review , it works best if you lean into it . Better than nothing for a stiff neck , but not great at all .
 You get what you pay for . I bought it at Walgreens . Thought it would help with a stiff neck . Complete waste
 Well , it sounds quite good from the product discription , and that was why I bought it . But after trying it on several times , I find although it is called Neck and Shoulder Massager , it can not do much to the shoulder and the massage is only done by simple vibration , which comes with the low frequency noise and makes me dizzy after 5 mins . Whenever you turned on the heat option , the strength of the massage gets weaker and the dimension of this thing is too big for asian people and not convenient for travel .
 I bought this item because i sit in the computer all day and wanted to get some relief . The vibrating noise is way too loud -LRB- close to your ears -RRB- and the intensity of the vibration almost non-existent . I would gladly return this product but it is hardly woth the trouble because of the mailing cost -LRB- bulky item -RRB- .
 A waste of money . I assumed because it wrapped around my neck , that it would massage around my neck . It only `` vibrates '' in one spot behind my neck . Also , because it is bulky and does not fit snuggly around my neck -LRB- sits on shoulders -RRB- , I do not notice any heat . I tried to give this away but it was returned . We dropped off at a local donation site .
 Sound like a cool idea , but it 's ineffective ; the heater is more effective than the vibration
 This item does not give you relief from neck pain , or any other kind of pain . It does not massage , it vibrates . Out of the box , it would n't heat , and the LED did n't work . I returned it for my money back .
 Awkward to use and barely any result . I returned it promptly to Walgreen . Total waste of time .
 This product does not do anything whatsoever to even slightly massage . Your pet cat would do a better job . If you need a massage , go to a professional .
 At only $ 20 this neck/shoulder massager caught my eye as a supplement to the awesome Homedics shiatsu back massager I recently purchased . Upon inspection I noticed that the box had been returned and taped back up ; that should 've been my cue . But no , I bought it and plugged it in as soon as I got home.First , it is bulky and does n't form to your neck as the instructions claim . You can squeeze and tug at the ends of this massager but it will not stay put giving you a loose fit . Actually , what you get is no fit at all . So you have to hold the massager tightly around your neck which is inconvenient to say the least . You `` can '' lean up against something which will keep the massager up against the back of your neck , but that still does n't help the fact that the sides wo n't conform.As for the massaging action , it is nothing but vibration . It does n't do anything for a sore neck , in fact , it will give you a headache . The heat is weak , but even worse you can not use the heat and the stronger vibration setting . So you get weak heat and weak massage -LRB- if you 'd call it that -RRB- . This thing is a piece of junk , but for $ 20 you get what you pay for . In all honesty I have n't seen a neck/shoulder massager that works so maybe the technology just is n't there yet ? Nevertheless , I will be looking for a quality neck shoulder massager that is priced accordingly and hopefully get some relief for my sore neck .
 I was hoping when I bought the HoMedics NMSQ-100 Neck & Shoulder Massager that I would get some relief of shoulder and neck strain ; I did not.All it basically does is vibrate around your neck and head and if you do it long enough , it gives you a headache . The heater barely puts out any warmth and when you do use it , it cuts down the vibration strength , which is sometimes a good thing.If you buy it , good luck with it , but basically it 's a waste of your $ 20 bucks .
 Every once in awaile I will try a product like this one and once again this one is just another SCAM . I understand that each persons body functions a little different , but this product did absolutly nothing , but change my moods . I suggest you save your money and join some form of exorcise program . They also offer a money back program . They never returned any of my emails and they never returned my voice mail . Can you say SCAM !
 I do n't think it is strong enough . It actually INCREASED my appetite!Save your money
 Not only it had no effect on me , it seem my appetite increased . I followed the instructions to have 2 capsules 1 hour before meals , but it still did n't work .
 Product made me so sick I had to go to the hospital-its loaded with caffeine . I am so UNHAPPY !
 I can no longer get this from my vet . It did not have a seal , and was watered down . It is a very thick liquid . I would not buy from this seller again . I was very dissappointed .
 As a full time student , this was an extravagant purchase for me . However , as a full time pharmacy tech , I spend my days on me feet and thought this would be just the ticket to some soothing pampering . Rarely do you find something that is actually nicer than it looks on the box . I love some of the smaller features like the handle . Anyone who has ever tried to re-locate a steaming tub of water in the name of a foot massage knows what value this adds to this product . It also features a nice drain area , a comfortable gel foot rest for use w / the pedi attachment and even touts it 's own storage for the pedi tool 's 5 different heads . So wheres the big let down ? First of all the bubbles are mild and this tub does not feature vibration massage . Second , and probably my biggest issue with this tub
 I chose this product mostly for the claimed heat feature . But where is the heat ? Hot water gets cold very quickly in the foorbath . The bubbling is also very mild . There is no control for either heat or bubbling.This thing also is not as quiet as claimed . There is a constant humming noise much louder than my ultrasonic humidifier . Considering the little this thing does -LRB- just a few wimpy bubbles -RRB- , the noise is even more annoying . I am going to return this thing if I still can !
 I 've never reviewed anything online before , but this thing was so bad , I felt I should warn others . First , the motor is incredibly loud ! Also , it vibrates really hard and will shake the floor . The bubbles are n't very strong at all , they really do n't do much . Also , you have to set it on something so air can circulate under it , or it wo n't make any bubbles at all . The one positive thing I can say is that my cat found it really intresting .
 I bought my Homedic Foot Spa at Sears , the first of which I returned and the second of which I took to get my money back . Neither one of them worked properly -LRB- the bubbles part of it did n't work at all -RRB- and even if it had the motor is very loud . I think this would be a great product if it worked properly but it 's just a piece of trash if it does n't work .
 I just got this product and I am so disappointed . First , it says the unit does not heat the water so you have to put warm water in , but that it will maintain the heat . Well , it did n't . I put very warm water in and by the time I was done , just 10-15 minutes later , the water was luke warm . Second , I filled the water , as directed , to the fill line and still once the unit was on and my feet went in , the water was splashing all over the place . There were no bubbles near the toes . It did not seem as soothing as I thought it would be . I am considering sending it back and getting a refund or something different .
 Along with the last person I was really disappointed in this . I use it now with epsolm salt and just do n't plug it in . Otherwise it 's LOUD and does n't justify the weak bubbles it puts out or the annoying vibration . It 's funny my cat also finds it interesting -LRB- I have to watch and make sure he does n't drink from it though LOL -RRB- .
 I wanted to surprise my wife with a foot-pampering `` spa '' for her feet . She is a flight attendant and spends many hours on her feet . When she gets home , she frequently complains about how tired and sore her feet are . So this seemed like the perfect gift.WRONG!First of all the packaging is misleading . It says quite clearly that the unit is `` with heat '' . Well I do n't know what `` heat '' Homedics is referring to , but it most certainly is not the heat generated by the unit because warm or hot water quickly cools off to room temperature after only 2-3 minutes . Think about it ... what happens to hot water when room temperature air is bubbled through it ? It cools down ... rapidly . So your nice hot water becomes tepid then cold within minutes . So much for a warm foot bath.Don ' t even get me started with the claims made for a `` sensuous sea grass massaging floor '' . Sea Grass ? Puleeeeeze . It 's cheesy soft plastic that squashes down as soon as you place your feet in the unit.Massaging ? Well I suppose if you consider flattened plastic rubbing on the bottom of your feet as you move your feet forward and backward in the unit `` massaging '' then you 'll be content . It 's not what I consider massaging.The only feature you might like is the hand held pedicure thing that has several attachments that spin.The bubbles are weak and do not really provide what I would consider a satisfying massage in any way whatsoever.So if you 're looking for a cold water foot bath that bubbles anemically and has the added bonus of a hand held pedicure device , then this is for you .
 Like the others have said , the bubbles are minimal and I 've found do n't come on at all sometimes and there is no way to turn them on . They just kick in when they feel like it apparently . The water gets very cold fast , I 'd be better off just filling an empty kitty litter pan with hot water and sticking my feel in that . I also find the `` easy drain feature '' drains the water out under the attachments and there is physically no way to drain the water without getting all the attachments wet . Makes a lot of noise too and I thought it was supposed to be quiet.Buy a different one , I am !
 This product was not received in even WORKING ORDER . Who has time for such nonsense ? -LRB- buying , returning , reordering -RRB- . I contacted manufacturer , who refused to take responsibility for this nonfunctioning product , and advised I return to Macy 's . Macy 's wants $ 7 to return ... I HAVE TO PAY THEM TO TAKE THIS DEFECTIVE MERCHANDISE BACK ? I wo n't bother ... Between Homedics and Macy 's , they should have been able to get this right the first time , right ? Wrong ! Buy a Rubbermaid dishwashing tub and a pumice stone ... a fraction of the cost and just as effective ! Never again ... Let 's see how many e-mails I get from the businesses involved wishing to correct this . . Yeah , riiiiight !
 Do not waste your money on this thing . The packaging says with ` heat , ' but I have no idea what heat they are referring to as I filled the unit with water and let it run for 30 minutes and no heat happened . I then boiled water on the stove and filled the unit with that only to find out that it actually cools off very rapidly in the unit , presumably because of the cold air bubbles being pumped through it.The only positive review on this product was actually written by the company themselves . That 's a shameless way to conduct business , and a disgraceful way to mislead the public .
 What can I say about this garbage that has n't already been said . The thing shocks you every time you put you foot in it . I thought maybe it was n't grounded , so I put it on a rubber mat and it still shocked me . My wife and one of her friends thought I was kidding but when they put their feet in it gave them a nice little shock to . So if you like shock therapy bye one for yourself , but if you do n't bother ... SAVE YOUR MONEY , IT IS NOT WORTH IT .
 The spa was rather noisy , not a relaxing sound to listen to . There is a horseshoe-shaped area where -LRB- mild at best -RRB- bubbles are suppose to come out . Only a third of the ring actually produced bubbles . While features like the handle are nice , the basic spa functionality is really lacking .
 I liked some of the features of this when I first got it . I would agree with everyone else that it does not maintain heat at all and if you rest your feet on the bottom the bubbles are reduced greatly . But it was still nice to have the pedicure feature and the sea grass did feel nice . Carry handle also made it easy to fill and empty in the bath tub . Now the really concerning part - I used it just tonight and went to turn it on and noticed the bubbles did n't work at all . I tried the pedicure attachment and that did n't work either . After about 5 minutes I tried again to see if they would work and picked up the pedicure attachment and it burned my hand - it was melted ! I immediately took my feet out and unplugged it and realized the whole bottom had melted and there was water all over my carpet . I am not sure what caused this but I checked google to see if there was a recall on this and I could n't find anything . Scary ! Just be careful if you buy one of these !
 Do n't waste your money . You will get as much pleasure from hot water in a big Rubbermaid bucket as this Homedics device . I just received this as a Christmas present and it is going back . Years ago , I had a Dr. Scholl 's footbath that vibrated , heated the water , and was an absolute joy . It broke . I do n't understand why , 20 years later , the foot baths on the market are weak , messy , and ca n't heat the water let alone keep it warm.Cons
 I chose this model because it was the only one available in the store -LRB- Bed , Bath and Beyond -RRB- for which I had a 20 % off coupon . Well , is did n't heat water at all . The store promptly exchanged the unit . The second one did n't heat either and was much noisier than the first one . I plan to return it this coming weekend .
 I purchased this item from Wal-Mart . Not only did I receive it already broken , but the bubbles seem barely there . The heat function is a joke . I put scalding hot water in the foot bath , and the water was cool in less than 10 minutes . I 'm sending this back tomorrow and requesting a refund .
 Quick notes : - Water gets cold very quickly - bubble wand does n't work all the time , especially when your feet are resting on the bottom - if you 're expecting a salon quality finish on your feet , then do n't buy this and just go to a professional - hand wand is very loud - if you 're not careful , you can burn your skin and nails in a matter of seconds when using the various parts for the hand wand - this item is not worth the price tag on it and should be lowered
 The seller was great , prompt shipping and all , but this shaving soap is mediocre at best , and the scent is very mild . No better than soaps 1/2 or 1/3 the price .
 This one has all the defects , like stickiness , coming apart etc , of a play dough . More-over , Medium firm is too soft .
 This is a very tiny piece of putty . It is barely enough to be useful . The medium stiffness is pretty soft .
 Did n't stay particularly warm and split open after a week of moderate use . I would stay away from this product .
 Worthless for cold therapy !! It says '' ... Heat-Cold Therapy ... '' here , but it does not say that on the product you get .
 This review is only with reference to the Cold therapy side of this item . First , it does not even come close to getting cold enough for cold therapy . The coldness that it does develop dissipates quickly.The use for back therapy would have been nice if they had used velcro or some mechanism to lock it in place . Without it , you have to tie the straps basically in a knot . Not a smart idea .
 In the last year I have gone through two of these . They both did the same thing . A hole developed in the underside of the product and the beads came out . Now I did not heat this too much or to the desired amount of time . If anything I under heated it . This was not cheap and quite costly . It states that one can clean this . How can it be cleaned if it melts together and the beads fall out of holes that develop . It is USELESS . Get another heating pad .
 Very bad . Looses heat in 5 mins Waste of moneyBAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD
 The first time I used this product , it worked great ! This is the only reason I am not giving it a 1 star review . The second time I tried to use it , I popped in the microwave for 2 minutes . I thought this was not too long , according to the package directions . When I went to pull it out , thousands of little beads came pouring out of a hole in the corner . What a mess ! This product is hardly well made if it can not withstand a single use . Do n't waste your time and money on this product . It is not well made at all .
 its good for the first 10 mins of heating then it gets cold , and if u want to reheat it , do not put it over 11/2 minutes bc it will melt the cover .
 This product looked good and liked the idea of the ties to keep it in place , but after full time in microwave it barely got hot enough to do a thing and only stayed warm for about 5 minutes . Was replacing another brand I bought several years ago and finally microwaved it a bit too much and it sort of melted , but was a far superior product and stayed warm/hot for up to an hour . Am returning this and will look for my older brand again .
 A cumbersome tool that did not fit the mattress well . A floor stand with pulleys was hard to find but proved far more stable .
 Overly expensive . Very slow shipping . I would avoid this supplier . The person that received this product as a gift reported that he did n't care for it . So next year we 'll look elsewhere .
 I was very disappointed with this product . The little materials inside the wrap were falling out within three days ! My wife put it in the microwave for only the third or fourth time , and when she attempted to pull it out , the little materials started dumping out into the microwave . Not put together very well if it is falling apart after only three days !
 Straight out of the microwave it gets too hot to use right away , but cools off too quickly to have much value . It is n't worth it to have to microwave the item every 10 minutes .
 same as the other reviewers , it burns a hole in the sock material and you have little hot beads all over the place . Take this dissapointing product off Amazon please , why burn more people selling this junk ?
 This does n't stay hot long enough to do any good . I ended up using this as a cold pack for headaches instead of a hot pack for my neck as intended . I wish I could have one of those hot pads from the physical therapy office instead .
 This product does not do well for heat . I warmed it in the microwave less than the time suggested and a hole developed and the product leaked beads everywhere . Not happy .
 Convenient . Wonderful moist heat as advertised.But the heat does not last very long . Also the product is not machine washable . It 's just washable by hand .
 We bought the THERMALON moist heat wrap because I have a bad neck and this wrap seemed lightweight and able stay in place on my neck , unlike other moist heat products I 've used over the years . After heating this wrap one time in our new microwave , with the wrap folded loosely upon itself on the turntable , following directions carefully , my hands were burned when I removed it from the microwave because the inner contents of the wrap spilled out of 2 holes that the super hot pellets caused in the fabric where the loose fold allowed the wrap to touch itself . When the THERMALON `` Hydro Pearls '' -LRB- hot pellets -RRB- burned my hands , I dropped the wrap and pellets both scattered and landed in piles in various places . The piles of pellets that had heated together ruined fabric they landed on and discolored flooring and counters . The individual hot pellets did n't seem to cause damage , but they went everywhere and under everything and took literally days to find and clean up . I recovered quickly from the blister burns I got , but I would n't recommend this product to anyone because it 's dangerous and could cause major problems for people with muscle or nerve impairment and other disabilities . No one should buy this wrap . If anyone does buy it , I recommend not allowing a child or anyone that needs monitoring to remove it from the microwave .
 I ordered this because I wanted another moist heat heating pad , and I have used it a couple of times . Unfortunately , even when heating it to the max recommended time in the microwave it only holds heat for about 10 or 15 minutes at the max . Because I ordered this heating pad to be a secondary one -LRB- I use the Bed Buddy as my main heating pad , and it holds heat for about an hour -RRB- I 'm not going to go through the trouble to return it , but I am disappointed that I paid $ 18 for something that essentially does n't work . I 'll have to try it as a cold pack and see if that works better.Also , it has a pretty strong , bad smell.I gave it two stars because the ties are nice and the beads did n't pour out like some other reviewers have warned about .
 From December 28th until January 13th I thought it was the greatest thing invented . Then it burnt a hole in the wrap and spilled its tiny beads all over . At work . How embarassing . Needs more heat resistant fabric.I have a larger one by the same company . Hope it lasts longer .
 Like so many other reviews I read , I was able to use this product maybe 3-4 times . I was also very careful to not microwave it any longer than instructed . Yet , despite all my precautions , after only a few uses , it broke inside the microwave and I did n't realize it until I pulled it out !! It spilled thousands of little tiny beads all over my kitchen and dining room ... some of the beads even got all the way into the hallway ! It was a MESS . I have 4 dogs and I had to be very , very careful to make sure they did n't eat any of the damn things !! 4 days later and I was still finding beads everywhere !! Absolutely worthless product and dangerous !! Amazon should stop selling this garbage !!!!
 Liked in the beginning . I was very careful to only put in microwave for one and half minutes . The fifth time I did it it just opened pouring small yellow beads everywhere . Not worth the money at all .
 I put the wrap in the microwave -LRB- first time -RRB- at the prescribed time -LRB- my microwave is weak at that -RRB- and when I removed it all the tiny beads poured out on the floor . Up by the tag there was a hole a little smaller than the size of a dime . First & last time I was able to use it .
 This product was great for the first 10 uses but then wore down and had a hole burnt into it while in the microwave . It was not in the microwave for more than a minute and burnt a whole then all the little white balls fell , out everywhere . To make a long story short this product does not hold up to the heat use and I would not buy another one again .
 I tried this wrap and was very happy with it the first time i put it in the microwave . It was a very comfortable warm , moist heat . Two hours later I wanted to warm it up and have the same experience . After I pulled the wrap out of the microwave a million tiny beads flew all over my kitchen . I was like wtf ! I looked at the wrap and saw 3 melted holes in it . I took it back and got a new one , the same exact thing happened !!! The second time the new wrap went in the microwave , beads everywhere ! 40 bucks later I learned my leason !!!
 We overdid the heating up , but even then , the wrap lost heat rapidly , and I did n't get much relief and no relaxation .
 Really teeny tiny little jar !! did not see any results . . I absolutely will not be buying this cream !! It was a total waste of money and the cream in it last about 4 days
 Yup . Not almond . The box said almond , and the label on the bowl said almond . The puck -LRB- which was pink -RRB- smells mostly like soap with a hint of rose perfume . Not at all like almond , not even a little bit.There 's a review on the Amazon page for the refill puck that says the same thing . So either someone at Trumper has no idea what almond is supposed to smell like , or someone grabbed the wrong stack at the factory and put rose pucks in everything .
 Cheapest quality and design . Good size for pocket , but snap-close mechanism & design will NOT stay closed . The SLIGHTEST nudge plastic case pops open , everything tumbles in pocket/purse . Make me wonder how anyone , with clear conscience , would market this . POINTLESS PURCHASE .
 I ordered this pill box for my husband to carry in his pocket since it was flat . In the picture it is shown as white and when I received the box it was pink . This did not work for what I was purchasing the box for .
 wore out after 1 week of use . need to shop for different brand now . the rubber came off after 1 week of use .
 I have used these tips frequently over the years , not because I like them , but because they seem to be the only ones available in the stores in my area . Carex used to make better ones some years ago but in the last few years have gone to this design . My biggest complaint is the way in which the concave bottom is designed
 Carex Cane Tip 3/4 , Black - They may appear to be what you need , but they do NOT fit properly !!! Design flaw ??
 I purchased these for an 82 year old friend . She fell , when the first tip disintegrated . I replaced the bad one with a new tip , which lasted 2 weeks before it also , disintegrated . So both tips wore out in less than a month , and caused an accident something they should be preventing . She now has the old original worn out tip , and does not trust me putting any more new ones on her cane . These would be good if you only use your cane inside , and only use it occassionally .
 This product was received in a timely manner , packed satisfactorilly , however ; both 3/4 '' tips started to unravel within 2 weeks of replacing old tips . These obviously have been `` sitting around '' for quite some time and should have been disposed of by manufacture . I will not purchase from this company again !
 For the last month , I 've had to replace my cane tips at least once a week . I do n't know whether a bad batch made it to my local store or whether Carex has down-graded its quality control . All I know is that I will never willingly buy anything from this company again.In fairness , I should add that I try to walk at least a mile a day . If you use your canes less , the complete lack of durability may not be an issue for you . If you use your cane or crutches more , stay away from this brand .
 These tips wear out quickly . They give excellent grip for about two weeks , become worn , and need to be replaced about every month . They should last longer .
 I bought these at the local drugstore because I was going on vacation and my original cane tip -LRB- wide base one -RRB- was five years old and worn down . The Carex tip crumbled/broke after five days ! Save your money and buy the Ez2care Rubber Cane tips with the wide base . Those last five YEARS versus five Days , like these do .
 i bought these at walgreens because my crutch tips finally broke , it hasnt even been a month and they have completely worn out on the bottom and they have all kinds of slashed on the sides from walking around on them . Since i will be on crutches for the next 4 months , i will not be buying these again .
 The manufacturers ought to be ashamed of selling this inferior product , which has safety consequences for people who use canes . The original tip which came on my cane lasted for two years before wearing smooth . I installed this one from Carex , and unbelievably , it wore out in 3 weeks . The tread on the tip bottom is an outer ring , a gap , an inner ring , another gap , then a middle `` disc . '' In 3 weeks of normal use , the outer ring detached and dangled from the tip . Anyone who uses a cane knows that there should be some tread , when one walks on smooth floors , especially if coming inside on a wet day . This is not even worth the $ 1.95 it cost .
 I recently had the misfortune to unknowingly purchase the sour cream of the crap , I mean crop ! I bought one 4 pack of Sunpack NiMH AA 1.2 V 2300mAh . The price was ageeable and I got what I paid for-junk !!!! My charger was acting up and I found out why . One of these brand new batteries was completely dead , would not take a charge and the other three after taking a full charge went dead as soon as I put them in my camera . I bought them from
 I decided to buy this product based on the reviews here and I was completely disappointed . First of all , they 're enormous ; they 're by far the largest pills I 've ever taken . Now , they 're the soft gel kind so they 're not impossible to swallow but even if I immediately chase it with a lot of water , I can still feel it slowly squeezing its way down my throat . It 's incredibly unpleasant.To me , they absolutely do smell fishy and they taste it , too . It says there 's a great lemon taste but that just makes it fish + lemon ; , it does n't erase the fish smell or the fish taste . But that 's fine , whatever , that 's just ten seconds a day I have to bear it , right?Not so much . I have tried these pills several times now and every time I get these disgusting lemony fish burps all the rest of the day . And this was only with one pill ; the bottle recommends two , which kind of sounds nightmare-ish to me.It may just be that I 'm too sensitive to take fish oil supplements but I just wanted a review here to provide a different perspective , since the other reviews are all pretty glowing . These pills were a waste of money for me and I 'd advise anyone who 's not accustomed to taking fish oil supplements to maybe consider what you 're in for , especially at this price .
 I love nutribiotic products but this one and the allergy spray as well did not help my sinuses but to aggravate them really bad . I 'm not clear as to why this happened because I have used the GSE drops in my saline rinse with no problems . There is something in the sprays irritating the membranes and making me swell . I 'm so bummed because I 've a drawer full of nasal sprays that just do not work . It could be a sensitivity I have to whatever all nasal sprays have in common and I 'm not sure what that would be.If you have used nasal sprays with little or no problem then go ahead and use but if you have had issues with numerous other sprays then I suggest to stick to nasal irrigation or neti rinse . Sorry I had to leave negative feedback but the product was very harsh to my poor nose .
 This product burned my sinuses and actually clogged them up worse . Threw these in the garbage . Plain old saline spray worked better .
 I suffered from allergies for a year or so . I tried this product along with allergy pills , antihistamines , etc. . Had no effect on my allergies . So I looked for another solution . I found the SinuCleanse Squeeze . I use this and add oregano oil or grapefruit seed extract to the mix . My allergies have improved 90 % and I dont take any pill whatsoever any longer !!!!
 I would not recommend this product . Burns as you spray the item in nose . Have used numerous products of this kins and this is the worst .
 My wife has used Grapefruit Seed extract by Nutribiotic for years . It works well for clearing the sinus . This is a very good price . However , Amazon will not sell it to us , even if we pay a shipping charge . So do n't get your hopes up .
 Ixnay on the aspray . Sorry hommie but this product took me nowhere in a hurry . Instead try the `` Sinus Clear '' Capsules made by Ridgecrest Herbals . I took one of them and as soon as the stuff cleared my stomach , something went click inside of me and I knew I would never suffer the nasal bummer ever again . That 's a fact Jack !
 Well , there 's probably nothing wrong with this product but it was n't good for me . My sinuses swelled up and did n't come down for a good long time . Threw it out and moved on . You just never know until you try something .
 This was my second purchase of this product and is my second review . I really liked it the first time around , but have since decided otherwise . It still burns a lot and the drain is terrible . It makes my nose run right after I use it , but does n't really do anything to keep my head clear hours later . I wo n't be reordering this time .
 Product was extremely overpriced and near expiration date . It was not packaged well for shipping . However , returning the product was made simple and easy .
 these were by far my least favorite of the gel pads . I tried Medela , Gerber , Platex and Ameda . The Platex ones were just really gooey and messy . It took a while to get all the residue off before nursing . They were relieving , but not even in the same ballpark as the others . I HIGHLY recommend the Ameda ComfortGel hydrogel pads . They last MUCH longer , absolutely no mess or stickiness like the others and are so soothing - especially if you keep them in the fridge between uses like the lactation consultant at the hospital recommended to me
 A lot of people recommended using gel pads . I tried them but there was no real relief from nipple soreness and the pads are very sticky , so you have to thourghly wash after you take them off . I would n't buy them again .
 Been taking this for a month or more now . Have n't noticed the slightest benefits . Pricey for what you get , & comes in a nice large container , less than half full of powder -LSB- is there REALLY that much settling ? -RSB- , so we 'll be sure and have adequate amounts of plastics in our landfills . Would n't want to skimp on that part .
 They changed the formula for this pill after having sold them for more than 14 YEARS with the lemon bioflavonoid complex 500mg -LRB- you used to get the vitamin c 500mg and the lemon bioflavonoid at the same time in the same pill -- two for one -RRB- ... . this was really good for my lung problems -LRB- inflammation in my lungs -RRB- NOW they are selling the 500mg bioflavonoid complex separately . This C-500 has only a token amount of bioflavonoid -LRB- 90mg -RRB- . It no longer says `` proudly made in the USA '' either on the bottle.I do n't trust this company any longer and I 'm switching brands .
 Soy Lecithin in Multi vitamins as well as Vitamin E and Co Q10 that have soy oils in them and a LARGE quantity of other food products -LRB- including Soy oil used in virtually all resturants for frying -RRB- ATTACK THE THYROID of EVERY single person that consumes it . Dont believe me , ... Record your body temperature 3 times daily over a 3 or 4 week period . If it seems your daily average temperature never gets close to 98.6 F but instead is always in the 97 's , . . start reading the labels of EVERY product you put into your mouth , . . you 'll be surprised to see Soy & Soy Lecithin in tons of food , health and vitamin products , baby food and formula , and protein . Low body temps due to slow/weak thyroid function equals slow/weak digestion & bloating , weak metabolism , weight gain or inability to lose weight , low energy , impotence , man boobs , grey hair , loss of hair , thyroid cancer etc.Soy sucks .
 I ordered three of these and one of them had imploded within the box , with glass and vitamin E pills everywhere . Not satisfied with purchase .
 I tried this product after reading several great reviews on this , raving how they could could hardly even taste this when mixed with milk . Well let me set you straight this has a horrible smell and an even worse taste.I contacted the seller and was told to just return it to my nearest store and they would refund part of my purchase as i had already opened this . Well my nearest store is 20 minutes away so needless to say this went straight into the bin
 The product is called `` flakes '' but the product is a powder , it is not flakes . It also tastes very bad . Brewer 's yeast flakes taste very wholesome and is a totally different product .
 I purchased Lewis the first time at the grocery store , where it is waaaay overpriced . I was reluctant to try Swanson 's brand because Lewis touts its brand as the only one that does not have a bad taste . I tried Swanson 's brand based on a favorable review on their website which claimed it had no bad taste , so I bought a couple cans . I can not tell any difference in appearance or taste between Lewis Labs and Swanson 's . And Swanson 's is much cheaper :D !
 It is so transparent , the reviews were not written by normal people , this supplement is no different than any other garlic supplement that you can get for about 10-12 dollars cheaper ... special aging processs ... LOL HOw do you age wine or cheese?YOU just let it sit !!!!! DOnt be suckered in ... honestly the only ones enthusiastic about this product are the owners or distributers of ths product . It may work well but so does any other garlic supplement on the market.PAY 10 dollars or 24 dollars . thats the only KEY diference .
 I thought I was getting Zobaline for diabetic cats ! Not Xobaline - This has fructose in it so it is not for diabetic cats !
 When I ordered this under the pet section , the description did NOT mention it was sublingual . Have you ever used a sublingual medication on a cat ? There is a pill form that it NOT subl , and that was what I thought I had ordered .
 I purchased a factory refurbished model of this chair that arriveddefective . The chair turns on , the rollers sometimes work and the other features do n't work at all . The warranty covers parts only and due to the nature of the problem , which I was told is a big problem with the 100 models , the part is on backorder . I would n't buy another ijoy 100 .
 Nice design that was poorly made . For a few more cents these could have been a great band . My glasses are always slipping off my nose and face . The elastic at the temple end of the band is so flimsy that they will not hold onto the temple bar of the glasses .
 Elastic band to tight . the kind that give you headache . Throwing away money . Better ; go for a regular eyeglasses retainers .
 The band is too tight and can not hold my glasses comfortably . Would not recommend this band .
 This product is an absolute waste of time . If you are looking for an eyeglass holder , spend the extra few dollars to get a Croakies . The Flents Sports Band is an even bigger waste of money than lottery tickets . The closures never stay secure , the band loses elasticity within a short time , and the material of the band likes to pull out hair . Need I go on ?
 Bought these since I typically need regular and reading glassed . Useless . the cord is too short , and even if you extend it maximum , since it is elastic , it snaps tight . The eyeglass holders slip off when this happens and your glasses fall on . Dont bother with this one - I did not use it even for a day
 The idea for ordering this was so my husband could ride his bike without having to put his contacts in . That idea kind of went up in smoke when this band arrived , because it is way too tight to ever be comfortable and can not be adjusted . I do n't think my husband has an abnormally large head . It looks pretty average ` man size ' to me . If you 're unsure it 's probably best to find this product in person to check size before making the purchase .
 This product fits on the ends of eyeglass temples . With violent movements like dance and exercise , the product separates from the temple.Since I dance and exercise , this product is not adequate . The eyeglasses are not held in place during fast movements .
 It 's too short that much your eyeglasses ' lens are almost touching your eyes . You would feel your head is too tight like 34 waist pant for a wearer with 42 waist .
 Gave me horrible acid reflux . The previous brand I used did not cause any issues like this one did . I 'm not sure the enteric capsules really work . I think it might still be releasing in the stomach .
 I do n't think I 'll continue to take these because I really did n't see any results after almost a month .
 Celery Seed is recommended for gout attacks , as such I thought I 'd start taking it proactivelyUnfortunately the day I took it I had not had much to drink that morning and this dieuretic is so powerfull that I had major kidney pains through the day until I started drinking far more water than I usually take in.Needless to say I do n't take it daily anymore , but I will keep it on hand for whenever I need to `` flush '' my system during a gout flare up -LRB- just make sure to drink more than ample water ! -RRB-
 Purchased Ijoy chair from different location than Amazon . Worked great until warranty expired . Then Stopped working . No Power at all . Recommend extended warranty if possible
 The site states that the product is a `` Set of 6 of the most commonly used frequencies contains the following forks
 This product is mesrepresented . I ordered this thinking I was getting a set of tuning forks to teach my child about sound and sound waves . I only got one fork .
 They show an image of the tunning forks with case and then sell you one tunning fork which is inferior to any product I have every receieved . Do n't buy from them if you can help it !
 Unfortunately I was in a rush to buy a Christmas present for my child 's teacher . We came up with the idea of a `` set '' of tuning forks for the Sound Unit he was teaching . We saw the price , we saw the product picture , and we ordered it . Usually I scroll down and read reviews before purchasing , but I did n't this time and I am sorry I did n't . As previous people stated , I was annoyed that I received only one fork when thinking I was getting a set . Now I am stuck because it will cost me money if I return it and I would be out a fork and shipping . Amazon needs to revamp this product description and picture because it is misleading . The set is actually in the 50 dollar range not 5 dollars . So if you were to order , READ CAREFULLY to ensure that you are purchasing EXACTLY what you think you are ordering . This is the first time I have ever been dissatified with a purchase through Amazon .
 The product description state that it is a set of tuning forks . I just received one tuning fork . As a teacher , I need a set of tuning forks to teach my 4th graders about sound . This is disappointing and would have though amazon would have taken care of any issue with the seller after so many bad reviews .
 The description clearly states that you are purchasing a `` set '' . All you get is a single tuning fork . Perhaps the $ 60 package will include a full set .
 Product DescriptionEvaluate hearing and vibratory sensation . Set of 6 of the most commonly used frequencies contains the following tuning forks -LRB- 128 , 256 , 512 , 1024 , 2048 , 4095 cps -RRB- . This is description of what I should have been sent . Instead I was sent 1 small unweighted tuning forl . . I will not be ordering from this place again . And wlll complain to amason itself to allowing this continue going on from this seller.sKim
 I need to pay attention to the fine print and reviews . I , too , am a teacher , and did not realize I was ordering just ONE tuning fork , when the image clearly shows a boxed set . I am not even sure what `` 512 cps weighted '' means . I hope I can use this tuning fork for its intendend purpose . I wish the company would have been more clear with its advertising and description .
 When I received the tuning fork it was broken ! If you are looking for a tuning fork and actually need it to work , DO NOT buy it from them . They are super cheap for a reason . Guess I learned my lesson .
 Minha compra ainda no chegou e nem consigo rastre&aacute; - la!O vendedor tamb&eacute;m no entra em contato para me comunicar o caminho de minha compra.Ser&aacute; que fui enganada ?
 I ordered 2 each 2 oz . Black Cohosh . I received one correct item and one incorrect item . I 'm now trying to have them pick up the incorrect item and ship the correct one . They took a message and ` someone ' will be getting back to me in three days . Not as good an experinece as the first supplier I used through Amazon .
 It does n't stick to the tub . It looks nice that 's about it . Instead of sitting on it my kids play with it . When u fill the tub with water it rises to the top of the water . Not to safe if u have little kids !!
 The product did not measure up to the price . It also is not water proof , albeit , the attachments can be removed for cleaning . In general , I do not believe the price was worth it .
 Since this vibrator is hard plastic , it 's a one-size only machine . Frankly I ca n't imagine how it would fit most women , since the opening between the two ends is quite wide ... I decided to use that part as a handle ! Might as well get smaller item and put it where one wants . It 's very attractive as a sculpture , though ! And motor is quiet .
 The item was great for putting my wife in the mood , but as far as seeling the deal it fell a bit short . We were hoping the penetration and vibration would get the desired effect , but in the end the lack of size is what prevented the vibrator from finishing the job . Not a bad product , but I do n't buy non-alcoholic beer ... and I would n't advise buying a non-orgasm producing vibrator .
 This little vibrator is not at all what I had in mind . I 'll start with cons ... . for such a little play thing it 's kinda loud . It 's made of a hard plastic with an uncomfortable seam . I was actually hoping for a sofer sensual feel . Honesty , I played and played with it and it never got me off !!! I went to bed reaching for something else.Here are the pros ... it comes with batteries .
 This really didnt do anything for me . It think I will try the We-vibe next time .
 This was my second Natural contours vibe -LRB- the first was the little one-speed and suddenly became too loud -- distractingly so -- after about a year -RRB- . I had high hopes for this one , as my other two died at the same time and I am short on $ $ at the moment . NOT WORTH THE MONEY ! The hard plastic is common with all the NC vibrators , and is n't ideal , but is n't that bad . However , the curve actually made it harder to use for clitoral stimulation and the three speeds vary from `` barely there '' to `` as strong as the lowest speed on my old Doc Johnson . '' Seriously , look for something better . Now I 'm stuck with a useless vibe and nothing to replace it with .
 Could n't ever try it , the seller ships with UPS and UPS does ` nt deliver to POBoxes which was my address .
 The pills in this item are 27 milligrams of ferrous gluconate each.Now you know , because it certainly does n't say this anywhere in the product description .
 Never gave accurate reading ... you could take your tempature 3 times in a row and get 3 different readingsDo n't waste your time
 My issue with this item is how poorly it was packaged . The box that it was shipped in looked like it had been opened and looked kind of scruffy . My husband and i opened the box and the actual box the product comes in was opened . It did not look brand new like it was supposed to be . The oil included with it had been opened prior to us getting it . I got them for my husband because he likes being bald and unfortunatly they do n't cut low enough . So if you are looking to go bald these are not the clippers for you .
 I bought one of these clippers for me and one for my daughter-in-law . Both clippers failed within 4 months , and I only cut my husband 's hair now , so that 's like 6 or 7 cuttings . It simply stopped working so I returned it for repair . They repaired it and it seemed okay until it stopped working again after another couple of months . I gave up on it . My daughter-in-law had pretty much the same experience . Neither one of us recommend this product .
 The info on these braces says they are for carpal tunnel , however , they do not support the thumbs and therefore CAUSE pain .
 I will just explain why I rated it so low .1 -RRB- Not sure if it 's helping at all2 -RRB- Sizing
 my fiances hands go numb when he sleeps . so a dr recommended wearing these at night , so far it hasnt helped , weve also been useing pentrex cream sold on amazon too ... no luck yet =-LRB- but hes 5 ; 11 ' regular sized hands . maybe a little girthier then most . and i am shocked to see a mens xl doesnt fit him ! not worth the shipping to send back to exchange . but just wanted you all to know to order a size bigger than you think
 After having read a variety of reviews on this and other wrist braces , I decided to try these , despite reading a couple of alarming comments from other people . These comments were of the sort ` These hurt by the thumb ' ` Feels cheaply made ' ` Itches/chafes by the knuckles/thumb ` Well , the above three comments were largely accurate . This might be a measurement issue , but I measured my hand and I was on the upper end of the medium size , so I decided to get large instead . Even then , it felt like it was too small . Maybe it is because I am 29 and other clients are not 6 ' 5 and 225 lbs , but apparently I have small wrists and large hands , because these mofo 's chafed after 20 min of wearing . So I took them off and sent them back . I have since tried another product , the futuro wrist support , which has a soft pand under the hand to prevent this from feeling too tight , even if you tighten it tight . The one thing I wish the futuro did have was a metal support on the back of the hand/wrist like this swede-o has.The futuro is also one size fits all and is quite comfy . I wear it at night and it has really helped my wrist after a nasty fall I took on a bike home from work where my wrist took the brunt of my fall.So , for what its worth , Ive tried these braces and I find them largely inferior to at least one other product out there ... and the price would be the same.The one con that the futuro does have with regard to these swede-o 's is that the soft pad thingy gets in the way if you are trying to do anything but sleep . Computer , remote , ps3 , etc , its all a bit challenging with it . The swede-o 's are better with that regard , but that is the only regard , and the reason it got 2 stars and not 1 .
 I have been taking 3 doses every day for the past two weeks and I did not feel any change in my anxiety level nor did I feel more relaxed like the label said . So I guess I would say that this product do n't work for me . I 've also tried the 250mg KAVA KAVA medication for social anxiety taking 2 pills per day and I also did n't notice any effect from that ...
 I have to adjust the guard so that it would fit my clippers . I double checked to make sure that these guards were made for my clippers . When I got the guard I had to adjust and trim the guards so that they would fit . I do n't recommend these guards at all .
 These are rubbish . I got them to trim my facial hair , they cause the clippers to pull your hair though . They are unuseable ... if thats a word . .
 I stopped taking it because it did n't agree with me . I think maybe it was too much of those ingredients for me .
 I take 6 tablets for a does . That way to many and make it much more expensive than is seems .
 Still getting used to this product . I am told it has great health giving qualities , not convinced yet .
 The machine does not cut the hair short enough and the motor is lack of necessary power . I have used it to clean the neck area and did not do the expected job . I wish I have not order it because I have waste my money and do not expect to use it anymore . I do not recommend this product to others .
 Worked OK for a short time but very disappointed . I thought by spending more the product be a quality product . Just a painted case . You can buy a lot of Bic lighters that work .
 Rubbish ! Gas spits and splutters . Hard to light or flares up . Will not accept a proper fill . One star for appearance .
 Not sharp enough to trim my mustache or provide a line on the front of my scalp . My work for longer hair .
 The clippers had hair trimmings and dust on them . The only reason I did not give it one stars is because I did not use them . They might have worked fine , but i returned them for a refund .
 just got it and stated using it right away and got like 5 cuts from it . i started using my razor to finish up , could n't continue . . i should of gotten something else !!
 Do n't buy these clippers . They turned on , but they were shaking and afterwards they did n't even work ! I 'll never ever buy these clippers again and I 'm getting a refund .
 I had to buy a new one because that one had no power , did n't work for me at all . I wanted to returned but I found out that would be as expensive to buy some new oneas and I did n't want to deal with all they restocking charges and policies .
 I thought this would be a great product because it is an Oster , but it does not trim good at all , my other treamer which is a `` Peanut '' treams much better than that . I think I may have received a refurbish product because a new treamer no matter what brand would work better than this one . Do not buy it ! It is a piece of junk .
 Fake trimmers . Extremely weak motor NO way an oster brand . Ca n't even shave a 2 day old beard without it sticking . I rather spend the real money and get a genuine set EXTREMELY disappointed
 The blades stopped moving after one week . I got to outline three people before Christmas and was so excited because of how well they performed that I could hardly wait to do my own cut . Well , Looks like I 'll be hoping for UPS to deliver the new one 's I had to order by Christmas cause I have n't had to pay a barber in 35 years . Next time I 'll wait at least a month before I give away my old liners .
 They are very quiet , but they are not very sharp . I use these trimmers for shaving and I have to apply a lot of pressure to account for the dullness .
 i really got a bad experience after bought this product.Trimmer was looks old and used . And after using it i felt itchy on my skin.I was trying to return this product but i did n't got any reply from retailer.it was such a bad experience .
 my barber had purchased a new pair of clippers and gave my the old pair of beard trimmers . i used them until the trimmers stopped working . i checked out amazon for a new pair and found what i thought was the same model . i plugged the new trimmers in and it did n't make a sound . i thought to myself that was awesome , a nice pair of silent trimmers . i put them to my face and the oster trimmers grabbed every hair on my face . the trimmers could n't even make a straight cut . it took me three times as long to trim my beard . $ 40 bucks wasted . now i have to get another brand of trimmers . i could n't be more pissed with a product .
 I purchased this product for my husband however , I always cut his hair . The trimmers are not at all sharp as they claim to be and they do n't cut very well . The cut was not a sharp , clean or close at all . try another brand ; but if you are looking for a clean sharp close trim or hairline edge `` DO NOT '' buy these trimmers as they do not live up to their word.Jane
 As the title indicates , the brand new product lasted for 5 mins only . After that it was dead as a brick.I gave two stars because the product performed really well when it was working .
 I bought this as a gag gift for my dad . When he got it , it was way too short , only coming up to about his knees . I was disappointed in the height , but otherwise , the product was as described . It is not a `` sex doll '' , which is what I wanted . Also , it does n't stay inflated for more than an hour or so , and he is constantly blowing her up , which is a pain . Overall , I would n't recommend it , unless you are a short person who only wants to hang her up somewhere or keep on a chair or sofa . And keep your lungs full of air while you 're at it .
 My husband got a very special tat on our honeymoon and they sold him this foam . My husband has a few other tats and is very familiar with tattoo care . Well they talked him into getting thie h2ocean crap saying he will love it . We bought it because we didnt have any of our after care stuff with us on vacation . The tattoo was beautiful and the artist did an amazing job , but this crap dried it his tat out . So much so that all the shading the artist did practically faded away . People think that instead of black my husband purposly got it faded in purple . It took so long to heal , he had to stop using it once the tat started peeling away black flakes everytime he cleaned it . That was 3 weeks ago ... . we have to go back now sometime soon to have all the shading reworked . This time we are going to be using the good stuff .
 I bought these hoping for really good arch support in my work shoes -LRB- usually flats -RRB- . Well they seemed ok for about a week but still not as supportive as I expected and now it 's almost like there is zero arch and they flatten out . I would n't waste my money again on these . I did purchase http://www.amazon.com/Profoot-SuperSport-Arch-Support-Womens/dp/B000GCNCQ6/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pdT1_nS_nC?ie=UTF8&colid=2FXMUTADGLU0R&coliid=I19DF18B5V7NI0 shortly after and wow ca n't beat the price and the support is really really good !!! Honestly the leather incoles are worthless .
 I am not happy with the arch support of FootSmart Leather Arch Insoles . They ofter little to no support . Ok if you do n't need support , but why buy anything if that is the case .
 The Delpi EMT was a disappointment . After paying so much for it , the sound was not amplified for me to hear what ever I was ascultating , and it felt like lead when I wore it over my shoulders .
 The weight is too heavy , I wish I would have chosen a light weight Stethoscope , It is something to consider if you have a large patient load and are wearing it around your neck for any length of time .
 The positive reviews of Xacto X75170 surprise me . While it is a rather simple and inexpensive product , Xacto really pushed the envelope on low cost , low quality manufacturing . In fact , on closer inspection , the acto X75170 X-tra Hands resembles extremely cheap hardware that began flooding into the US from China in the early 80s . The casting of the base is so irregular that it wobbles when placed on a flat surface . One simple way to address this deficiency is to place four small rubber feet on the base . Yet , Xacto 's quality control department should have prevented such a poor casting from leaving the factory.Another gripe about the Xacto X75170 is that the metal hardware is of low quality . For example , the shafts of the alligator clips are made from stamped , thin-walled metal that is likely to collapse over time from set screw compression . At the same time , all of the set screws have the feeling of being cheap and mechanically imprecise.Despite quality concerns , this product more or less serves its purpose . The cast base has mass that , with my aftermarket rubber feet , provides stability . For some of my projects , I could have benefited from longer appendages but this is a matter of personal preference . Most users will be able to use the Xacto Xtra Hands as-is . Personally , I would have preferred to pay a few additional dollars for improved quality.ConsQuality control problems with malformed cast metal baseThin , cheap metal hardware -LRB- screws , alligator clips -RRB- ProsBasically does that task at handVersatile
 This has a great concept for what it is . The building of this is LOUSY ... . The clips broke first time using it.Now all I have is a magnifing glass with broken hands . I wo n't buy this again ...
 Cons
 I got this to make soldering easier , and while it helps , there 's still room for improvementThe base is neither wide enough nor heavy enough , as the unit keeps falling over.The magnifying glass had some scratches on the lens when I received the product , they 're small and do n't really get in the way , but I think it 's unacceptable to ship a product in that condition.the joints come loose very quickly after I tighten themIf you want a cheap magnifier/holder get this , but do n't expect it to be perfect .
 The second time I tightened the bolt for the magnify glass the threads stripped . Seems there is no warranty . Now if I want that to work properly I have to spend the money on the tools to fix it . Super . Spend your money on something of a higher quality .
 magnifying glass chipped and scratched badly not ptrotected at all the way it is shipped the rest seems sturdy and think it would be great if they protected the lens
 I buy Balance Bar Nutrition Energy Bars on a regular basis so I decided to buy them online . They arrived in less than 6 days . The order was placed Jan-17-2011 , I received the Balance bars today , Jan-21-2011 , the expiration date is Jan-20-2011 - yesterday . I am NOT eating these . Unacceptable . I have read earlier reviews stating problems with the expiration dates . Maybe the reviews are worth taking into consideration .
 If you like foods that are VERY sweet , you might like these bars , but for many people , they may be overpoweringly sweet . They also have a weird crunchy-ness . I do like the fact that Balance bars contain lots of protein and vitamins .
 I love the peanut butter Balance Bars . People say these are good , but I thought they were horrible . My husband and older son did not like them either .
 The bars I recevied were past the `` Best when used by '' date by . Also , the bars were the original formula and not the new formula .
 I 'm very sorry but I do n't know of a nice way to say this
 I would n't recommend this product to friends or family . The taste , consistency , and texture were offensive to me .
 I 'm 61 years old , but I have EAGLE EYE Vision , and I 'm sick to death and very disappointed that the fine print on the ingredients of the BALANCE BARS `` ALMOND BROWNIE , '' are FISH GELATIN . IF I wanted FISH products in my protein bar I 'd buy a FISH BAR , but the fact that Balance Bars use Fish Gelatin in their ALMOND BROWNIE wishes I could SHOVE THE ENTIRE 6 box order up their noses.It 's so sad the ingredients and the junk that almost any company will put in your food . I will NOT BE ORDERING THIS PRODUCT EVER AGAIN , and I doubt that although I 've been a huge balance bar customer , that I 'll EVER ORDER BALANCE BARS again , as they are FISH GELATIN bars in truth . SEE LABEL.I 'm done .
 I would have to say I was not very impressed by the quality and taste of this product . I guess I really expected more from this product , as they seem so expensive . The peanut-butter taste was very strong and the texture was very grainy and dry . I do n't think that these bars are very filling . You have to drink a lot of water with them to even get them down . I would not recommend this product to my friends .
 The cookie dough flavor is okay , but not the best . The texture is a little too gooey . I have only eaten a few of these bars and I am already sick of them . I got them the same time as I got some Clif bar White Chocolate Macadamia , and those are by far superior to the balance bar.Hopefully the other flavors are better than this , but I think for now I will stick with Clif bars .
 I love the original Mocha Chip balance bars . They were terrific . But , they put them in new packaging -LRB- fine , who cares , right ? -RRB- but they also re-formulated them and it 's really sad what they 've done to them . They 're sickly sweet now , they have a cake-y consistency that 's not appealing and there 's barely a `` chip '' in sight.It 's all bad . I bought tons of these and ate them for breakfast . No more . The new ones are so bad , I threw out the ones I bought after trying a few times to eat them .
 I bought Yogurt-Honey-Peanut bars from DAB . What I received was not fresh , even though the expiration date was almost 8 months ahead . Compared to the taste of the fresh ones you can buy in your local stores , the taste of this one was really bad and it was really painful eating it . The appearance of the bar also suggested having some problems , before even tasting it.I do n't think the food is preserved in conditions that would guarantee freshness , and I do n't think I am going to buy from the same seller again.Note
 I have to agree with `` R.Katz '' They are incredibly chalky and cardboard like . They also have a strong dark chocolate taste . I do n't particularly enjoy dark chocolate ; those that do might enjoy these . The bars I received were well within their expiration date . -LRB- 10 months to go -RRB- OK but certainly not the best Balance Bar flavor .
 I suppose if you 're just looking for fuel for your body or emergency food to keep in your trunk , then these would be okay . If I 'd purchased this box of Balance Bars , I would 've brought it back to the store for a refund . The taste was pretty bad , and the consistency was gummy/muddy . It 's better if you have it with a full glass of water , although there 's a very strong aftertaste . My husband took a bite and spit it out -- the same with my six year old . My two-year-old son , however , seemed to actually like it and will eat a bar as a snack if I broke it up into small pieces . I just could n't get past the taste . I still have over a box left , which I 'll dole out to my son as snacks , but it 's defiantly not something I would ever buy or recommend . In fact , if someone told me they were going to buy them , I 'd ask if they 'd ever eaten them before and if not , I would tell them pick a different product . Big thumbs down on this one !
 Personally I found this bar to be very untasty . One bite was truly enough for me . They may be very healthy , which is great , but to me if I 'm going to eat something , it has to taste good , and this does n't meet that requirement .
 We did n't find these to be all that tasty . They had a mealy kind of texture . If you 're very very hungry they 'd be okay to eat . Perhaps they just were n't suited to our family 's taste buds .
 Overall , I did n't like this product . It has a very thick and gooey center that 's very hard to swallow unless I have a lot of water to wash it down with . The flavor was n't too bad , but if they could just change it so was n't so gummy ... I would n't recommend this product to my family and friends .
 I eat these bars all the time and thought it would be a good deal and convenient to get them from Amazon . But , they were horrible . Stale and crumbly and deformed . I complained and customer service sent me replacement bars , but they were exactly the same - inedible . They refunded my money , which I appreciated.Based on this experience , I will never purchase food from amazon.com .
 I really did n't care for the product . It was very dry in my mouth . Not a whole lot of flavor , and the filling had a powdery feeling to it . The chocolate on the outside was good but again , not too much flavor . It needed to be sweeter , and the raspberry flavoring was weak . Tasted like I was eating an old candy bar , and a stale one at that . I had to keep checking it to see if it was old and out of date . I actually gagged on it a couple times while eating it . I did eat several of them -LRB- nine -RRB- . The wrapper looks too formal , not appealing to the eye . It made me feel like I was eating a health bar and not a fun item ! I thought the carbs were a bit too high also . It did give me a full feeling when I finished with it . Did n't fulfill the need for something sweet , though . If I 'm going to eat chocolate , I want to know I ate chocolate . I would n't recommend this to my family or friends . I 'd rather recommend Slim Fast Bars for the vitamins and health aspects .
 I 'm sorry to say that I was n't impressed with Balance Bar 40-30-30 . Quite frankly , it tasted horrible ! I could n't finish the first bar to see if it satisfied my hunger or sustained my energy . I would n't recommend this to my friends .
 I bought this 12-pack of peanut butter Balance bars and noticed some white stuff on the bars when I opened them before eating . I shaved them off with a knife . Then I went to look for Cliff bars at Amazon and noticed a bunch of reviews complaining about white stuff or staleness in the bars they ordered . Bottomline
 I am in the process of trying to lose weight , and this seemed a great way to skip lunch but still get all the nutrients I needed . When the Balance Bars arrived , I was surprised to get a whole box , enough for a two-week supply , plus one . My husband and I immediately pulled out that '' `` plus one '' '' to give it a taste . The bar looked delectable and smelled wonderful , but that was as far as it went . They are plain awful ! The chocolate coating is good , but whatever they have on the inside is sickening . It 's not very sweet , but it 's the texture that 's so bad . It 's like chewing wet sawdust . We immediately spit ours out , and the box of 14 is still sitting on my counter . I would definitely not pay money for these . Skip them and go on to Slim Fast , is what I 'd tell my friends and family . They definitely need to do some work on this product , not just that flavor .
 We returned this item because we thought it did not taste as it does usually . We buy them all the time and the ones we bought in our grocery store after this incident were normal tasting.With food you can not take risks
 At first I thought the Balance Bar tasted like sawdust , but I sort of got used to that after awhile . The bar is n't moist enough . I need a glass of milk wash it down or it 's hard to swallow . The taste was OK , but not something I 'd buy really . I 'd say if you 're on a diet and want a nice 200-calorie lunch , get a salad with a nice low-cal dressing instead .
 The only way I can describe these bars is with the word sweet . Too sweet , in fact . They have a good taste as long as you have a real sweet tooth . They 're good on the run , but unless you 're used to lots of sugar in the morning , I would n't recommend them for breakfast . Maybe in place of dessert though .
 While I do like the bars themselves , I feel that Amazon resorted to bait and switch . I signed up for a subscription -LRB- monthly delivery -RRB- , and the 2nd month they raised the price 50 % . Needless to say , I canceled the subscription , as I can buy it cheaper locally .
 The other Balance bars I 've tried taste much better -LRB- Balance Gold , with peanut butter , I believe -RRB- . These taste awful - chalky , cardboard-like . And it 's not just me - no one in my family likes them !
 I at these for years and really liked the way they taste . Then I did some research and found out that much of their protein is from gelatin or collagen which is 100 % worthless to humans for building/maintaining muscle because the amino acid is not good . Also lots of palm kernel oil in these which is n't too good for you . There are much better options out there . If you want something with better protein -LRB- but still has some palm kernel oil -RRB- and tastes great , try Metabolic Drive protein bars . If you are ok with eating something that is just ok tasting , then Zero Impact are by far the best bars out there . Great protein , healthy fats , low sugar , no sugar alcohols . I have n't found one bad thing about them . I just feel ripped off for the years I spent eating Balance Bars .
 This blocks light really well due to the nose-covering design . HOWEVER , it also blocks my nose up and makes it hard to breathe . It exerts an ever-so-slight pressure on my nose that makes it harder to take a breath . ALSO due to the nose piece , it constantly slides UP and lets in light . Not recommended unless you have a tiny nose .
 I work on a military base in Africa and sleep in a tent . I 'm a side sleeper which means many products with clasps leave indentations in my head and are obvioulsy uncomfortable and very hot . As for this product , if they expanded on the idea of making different size masks with a bubbles that extend lower then it would n't scrape the sensitive area under my eyes waking me up .
 I guess you get what you pay for ! I 've been wearing sleeping masks for many years . This one is the least fitting and comfortable of any I 've bought . It let 's light in around the nose as there is no padding to seal it tightly . Given you are lying down , any light from night lights or equipment can be seen coming in under the mask . The plastic case it came in was broken badly and someone had wrapped it in saran wrap making me wonder if it had been returned previously . The cost to ship it was almost as much as the cost of the product . I would n't recommend this product .
 I 've ordered several of the `` Lights Out '' sleep masks in the past from Amazon , so I know what they 're like . I ordered again from Amazon , and this time they fulfilled my order through Magellan , a 3rd party seller . What I got was not , in fact , the `` Lights Out '' sleep mask but a similar-looking item , and it did n't even have the same name on the package . Also , the interior of the packaged smelled terrible when I opened it , as if it had been in a damp moldy place in a warehouse or something . I initiated the return procedure , and Magellan now wants me to pay the postage to sip their items back to them , despite the fact that what they shipped me was A. Not the item I ordered , and B. Smells horrible . Would not buy through Magellan again . Watch out .
 First of all this product is identical to the `` Sweet Dreams Contoured Sleep Mask '' by Dream Essentials , except the Sweet Dreams mask costs less . I ordered both , and they are identical.Second , the Velcro closure on the back of the head-strap forms an uncomfortable ` bump ' on the back of my head that makes it almost impossible to sleep with this mask on.Third , the mask does leak some light in around the nose , but I am more upset about the 1st two points . I did n't want two of the same mask , particularly when the 2nd one cost me more than the first.Do not buy this mask under any circumstances . If you want it , do an Amazon search for `` Sweet Dreams Contoured Sleep Mask '' instead , it is the same thing for less money .
 I bought this mask and the Sweet Dreams mask at the same time . They look identical , but they are not . I do n't like the nose on this one at all . Not just that it lets in -LRB- a little -RRB- light , but it 's squishes my nostrils to where I ca n't breathe . -LRB- Like the opposite of a Breathe-Right nose strip -RRB- -LRB- The Sweet Dreams mask does n't do this . -RRB- Even if I make the mask looser , the nose just is n't right.I work nights , so am a regular day sleeper and ALWAYS use a mask . Even if I sleep at night , I have grown accustomed to having a mask on . I 'm not returning this one , but am putting it at the bottom of the night stand drawer . Better than nothing , but have several others I like much better .
 light in weight , and blocks MOST of the light , but did n't conform well to the area around my nose , letting a sliver of light in . The sleep mask I switched to -LRB- made by tempurpedic -RRB- does not have this problem , and although bulkier , its true lights-out ability -LRB- via conforming to almost any face -RRB- is without peer .
 This sleep mask is useless - it is very flimsy , has a closure strap that is poorly made , and does not block out all the light around the nose . Why bother ?
 The problem with this product is that it does n't smell very good . I am not sure if it moisturizes very well b/c I hate to use due to the odor .
 Bought this new about a year ago -- declining efficiency . Currently takes 15-20 minutes of repeated use to get a decent shave . More costly to replace heads , etc. than buy a new one -- so will do the latter .
 The aerosol spray is very bad . Two different bottles stopped spraying when still half full . It cleans well , but the aerosol spray wastes half the bottle
 I used this product to clean a barely used , but expensive , oven before new tenants moved in . After cleaning -LRB- and precisely following instructions -RRB- , the oven is left with permanent streaks . I 've spent hours trying to remove the streaks.I advise caution when using this product
 I like one of the previous reviewers received serious burns on both arms , also bled from one . Both arms are now medicated and wrapped with a sterile bandage .
 does the job but real cheap in every way . Use it on my scooter . very flimsy \ ... I would order a better quaility one next time
 For the price of this the material it is made of is CHEAP !! I think is a RIP OFF . Would not recommend
 I was very disappointed when I saw the accessory . It is way too small . It just hold my cell phone , and a pen .
 I just got back from a flight overseas and despite having these pieces of rubber in my ear , I experienced extreme pain upon landing . I could n't hear out of one ear for most of my vacation , and when I landed coming home , it was the same thing.A pilot told me
 Sure enough , I forgot to pack my foamy ear plugs . I the past I 've experienced unbelievable ear pain with the pressure changes -- fortunately , it seems , that is no longer the case . However , I like the plugs for engine noise blocking . Scoured the airport in Anchorage for the foamy ones -- NONEXISTENT . The only ones available were EarPlanes -- 1 pair / $ 10.99 !!! There was no amount of ear pulling and contorcioning that enabled my getting these things situated . I left them in as best I could and finally had to pull them out because they actually made my outer ear canal hurt . The money would definitely have been better spent elsewhere ! And if for some reason you do like these , definitely do not buy them at the Anchorage airport .
 I suffer from skull-cracking pain as much as anyone I know . Had to be carted off a plane once after landing , having nearly passed out from the pain and unable to stand up.What I 've found is the same as what Dan Kaufman suggests -LRB- having gotten my advice from a noted allergist -RRB- . Use flonase -LRB- Fluticasone -RRB- for several days to a week prior to the flight , squirt Afrin before takeoff , and take sudafed . Since sudafed works within about 30 minutes and afrin is almost immediate , you can time these accordingly.If you 're still having trouble , another method which I 've tried and which may help is to ask the flight attendant for steaming hot water poured on a paper towel , which you stuff at the bottom of a styrofoam cup . Make two of these cups and hold them against your ears . The heat will help loosen the blockage and improve airflow . You wo n't win any beauty contests , but if you 're in pain , you wo n't care.Of course , bring along a couple packs of gum.Do the earplanes work ? Frankly , they 're uncomfortable and do n't seem to make much if any difference as far as i can tell . The medications , however , are critical if you suffer from decompression . Do n't make the mistake of simply relying on the earplanes .
 I get extreme ear pain on planes and nothing used to work . I get it regardless of allergies or colds . I tried sweets , gum , medicines and nothing worked except ear plugs . Plain old ear plugs . . I squish them and pull on the top of my ear to get them in good and I wear them for the first hour until I am we are done ascending . Then when it gets near to going down I put them in again . The trick is to get them in early . Any kind of descent will make my ears hurt immediately . Anyways for my last flight I bought these earplanes thinking they would be even better then earplugs and no way . They didnt work at all . I got pain right away and had to take them out and get my old trusty earplugs . If you are nervous you should wear the plugs throughout the whole flight but if its a long flight then it should be okay to take them out once you are up and level . Hope this helps !!
 I have bad problems with decent during flying , as my Eustachian tubes do n't open . Ive tried gum , drinking liquid , yawning , pinching my nose , blowing to clear my ears , Sudafed , afrin and these earplane plugs.After consulting with an ear , nose and throat specialist , I took 3 drugs , and didnt have any ear problems on my recent flights :1 -RRB- Fluticasone -- this is a prescribed corticosteroid nasal drop , which you need to start taking a few days before flying -- corticosteroids are not good to take systemically -LRB- orally -RRB- , but local application does n't have significant side effects . Ask your Dr. for a prescription with 3 refills , so you can get more later .2 -RRB- Afrin -- this is an over-the-counter nasal spray decongestant that acts 10 hrs -- take it before take-off . This has Oxymetazone hydrocloride . Be caureful buying nasal sprays with other brand names , as many use pseudophadrine , which I took orally -LRB- below -RRB- 3 -RRB- Sudafed -- take a full 60 mgs 3 hours before landing -LRB- this is pseudophadrine HCL -- it can only be obtained by asking for it behind the pharmacy counter and signing for it because it can be used to make crystal meth-the new stuff that replaced it has a very similar name , and is sold over the counter does n't work as well , and is not what you want -RRB- 4 -RRB- chewing gum and blowing to clear ears -LRB- gently for about 10 seconds -RRB- can help . These earplane plugs are not useful.good luck !
 I also bought a pair of these and used them on my last trip . While they worked for the most part , they were not as good as the foam ones like the flight attendants give you . Additionally , they are so rigid they do n't shape to your ear the way the foam ones do . Thus , they fall out more easily and I do n't like putting something in my ear that 's been on the floor . Just not a good value for the price , in my opinion .
 Installed unit and it worked for several weeks and them stopped working . Unable to get it working again . Used plastic spray bottle for rest of fluid
 I purchased local . Used all of the first bottle of cleaner and needed to replace . Broke the `` tip '' removing the empty bottle . I removed exactly as the instructions described . Returned the unit for a -LRB- free -RRB- exchange . Finished first bottle on the new unit , emptied , removed , BROKE the tip again ! Returned for refund -LRB- store credit -RRB- . Junk .
 I have doubted the efficacy of this product but have kept using it until the unit died before having to change batteries . I have to say that I often wondered if the mildew did not get worse after I started using this product . Another peculiar happening was that it caused calcium to extrude from spots on my grout . I thought perhaps they were locations where the sealer was thin and there was an interaction . I 'm not sure but it started after I started using the Scrubbing Bubbles product.It is a great fantasy to have something cleaning my shower but I found I had to hand scrub it harder occasionally to keep the lime & mildew at bay . Is n't that what this was supposed to do . It 's amazing how long wishful thinking and denial can keep one going.Doh !
 I see why they tell you to close the shower door , so you do n't see how poorly this thing operates . The back half of my shower does n't get sprayed at all . Maybe I got a lemon , because this thing is a very disappointing waste of money . I gave it one star because 0 stars was not an option .
 The spray can not spray upward , so it only has a chance to clean the area of your shower below the gizmo . This means that the top half of your shower gets no treatment at all .
 I used this for two months with my conventional tub/shower curtain . The power sprayer is effective , but only where it can make contact -- from the tub floor to 4 ft. high . The 3 ft. above that mark goes untouched , and is in need of manual cleaning.I bought ten refills , at TARGET for $ 3.49 each -LRB- non-sale price -RRB- , and when they run out , I will sell this waste of money at a Garage Sale . I can clean ALL AREAS by manually spraying TILEX , and at half the price !
 This product works as well as the spray bottles and it is so much easier remembering to use it . I actually feel like I forgot something everytime I go to the bathroom and forget to push the button and close the shower doors.The bad part
 This is a waste of money . We had bought this a while ago with the two refills . It does not cover your ENTIRE shower , it only hits the area where the cleaner streams to . The ONLY good thing about it is it smells nice.Have you seen the commercial ? It shows a bunch of people cleaning at about face height . That is exactly where this system cleans . They do n't show them cleaning near the floor and the cleaner does n't go down that far.Please do n't waste your money on this !
 The product worked ok directly behind where the cleaner was mounted but did n't reach accross the shower or do anything for the lower portion of the shower . Not worth the investment .
 Unlike some products that assist in maintaining a clean home -LRB- like Roomba -RRB- , this product is a waste of money . It really does n't keep the shower walls any cleaner between manual scrubbing , and it died before 3 months went by . Since you will end up having to clean the shower yourself anyway , just skip this product altogether .
 Poorly executed product . Sprayer did not spray evenly and it stopped working totally after less that a month use .
 This product left my clean shower with horrible water/cleaner streaks on the glass . I have requested a refund from the manufacturer -LRB- threw away the box -RRB- . Will update when I hear from them .
 If you have an apartment and are concerned at all about disturbing your neighbors during early hours , you may not want to buy this gadget ... it 's VERY LOUD !! The 10 seconds or so of beeping prior to the spraying is nearly as loud as an alarm clock , and the spray action motor itself is definitely about as loud as your typical kitchen blender . The jury is still out on its ability to clean .
 After 10 days , I was supposed to see a difference in the shower . Instead , the mildew seemed to thrive on the cleaner . I have gone back to the manual method . It only sprays a band around the shower - does n't even reach near the bottom . How is that supposed to get it clean ?
 I had the opportunity to try this product for free . I was excited to try this since I had been eyeing it at the store . I do n't know if I was sent a defective unit or if this is the standard for the product but it would n't work when it was initially set up . Took the batteries in and out several times and finally got it to work . Sadly it only worked 5 times before breaking again . The only way to get it to work is to take the batteries out and put them in again and it will then run ONCE . Too much of a pain after each shower . I also question how well it actually cleans but sadly I barely got to try it ! So glad I did n't buy it at the store ! Do n't waste your money !
 I bought the Starter Pack a little over two months ago and am on my third bottle of cleaner . I started with a shiny clean ceramic tile shower . I use the cleaner every time I use the shower . My shower is one of those older small ones - is only about 3.5 by 4.5 ft. Scum and mildew has been slowly but steadily building up , even in the areas that receive a direct hit from the cleaning fluid . This product DOES NOT WORK as advertised . Also this product -LRB- the cleaning fluid -RRB- is very expensive to use .
 I bought this over 2 months ago and it b = never made my shower look any cleaner . I finally threw it away and went back to Tilex Mold and Mildew Cleaner . now my shower is clean .
 I was one of the first people to purchase these , back when they were doing product testing and you could only get them through mail order . I think I paid around $ 30 or $ 40 for the starter kit with 2 bottles included . I loved it and started to see them in stores everywhere . My original Automatic Shower Cleaner lasted a few years and worked well . However , it finally broke and that 's when the problems began . Over the last several months , I 've gone through 3 of these things , and they keep crapping out on me . I 've gone over the instructions like a diligent customer , trying to troubleshoot what might be wrong , changing the batteries , letting it air-dry for several days , etc , etc. . I even sealed the door to the battery compartment shut with duct tape so I would be guaranteed no water would seep in . Three different units , one right after the other , kept on breaking . I would call the toll-free # for SC Johnson , complain about the issue , and get sent a free coupon for a replacement Automatic Shower Cleaner . From the way the operators took my info each time , it sounded like they were used to dealing with this problem . The simple fact is , these no longer work the way they used to , the manufacturer has gotten cheap , redesigning the system to break more often with cheap plastic parts that are made in China . I 'm done buying these ripoff products , and urge everyone to just do it the old fashioned way -LRB- with a spray bottle -RRB- . If you insist on buying one of these , for goodness sakes do n't do it online -- do it at your local store , and SAVE the receipt and box , because it will most assuredly need to be taken back to the store soon after buying . Shame on SC Johnson for cutting corners and making inferior products that never work !
 For the most part , Scrubbing Bubbles products have been sparking the market left and right . All of their products seem to have good reviews and are prefered over Lysol and other popular brands.I recently saw the commercial for the Scrubbing Bubbles Automatic Shower Cleaner and thought it would be a good solution to having to clean the shower near-daily . The commercial had people cleaning the shower so you could n't quite see the machine 's performance . But apparently it keeps tile and similar shower builds clean and dirt free . Or let 's just say that is what it 's supposed to do anyway ... The machine is simple to hook up . All you have to do is attach the shower hanger , put in the 4 AA batteries -LRB- included -RRB- , put in the cleaner , and hang it on your shower head . Simple enough.When I first tried it I did n't quite `` look '' , I had the shower doors closed . Afterwards the shower smelled nice and clean , but I looked around and did n't see any cleaner . Maybe it dripped to the ground already ? Press the button again . This time I `` saw '' the performance of this machine , and have to say , I was dissappointed.This is a good idea , but it 's performance is ridiculously poor executed . First tihng I notice that it spins in a 360 degrees , but it does not move up and down , therefore only hitting some areas in my shower while other places were left dry . I 'd assume Scrubbing Bubbles would think of this . Also , this would 've been much , much nicer with a drying action , like a car wash . Leacing the solution there may cause build-up . But is n't that what you are trying to get rid of ? Also I thought since this was an `` auto '' cleaner it would have a timer of some sort rather than having to press it each time.These were on sale at Walgreens for only five bucks , so I decided to give it a try but was left dissappointed . For that price this is a good way to keep your shower clean but if I paid the retail price of thirty-five bucks I would be livid right now.Overall , if you see it on sale like I did this might not be a terrible purchase but do n't expect this to replace your cloth and Scrubbing Bubbles solution . I do n't see how this can really get the shower clean and for the retail price , I 'd expect it to do that . Good idea to keep a good scent in the shower or add a little clean every once in awhile , but definitely not for everyday use . 2 stars .
 Please save your money and do not buy this.Like others , I also fell for the advertising hype and went out and bought this thing . I have a newborn , a toddler and a new puppy at home , which does n't exactly leave me a lot of time to clean . So needless to say I had high hopes for this product.Well , to start with my shower was not exactly sparkling clean but not very dirty either ... this product did NOT clean the shower and certainly did not prevent it from getting dirtier . It does not clean the wall on which it hangs , it does not reach above face level , and it does not even reach the far wall of my shower , making it pretty much useless . The refills are ridiculously expensive and the cleaner has a strong , offensive odor when combined with the steam from the shower . I ca n't even finish getting dressed in the bathroom without opening the door to get a breath of fresh air.Anyhow , I would rate it zero stars if that rating existed ... guess it 's back to cleaning the old-fashioned way .
 I ca n't believe I fell for this ! I even read the reviews first , and still went out and bought it . I do n't see how they can make the claims they do , when it does n't even reach the top of the wall in a standard size shower . Sure , it cleans the one strip where it sprays , but I still had to wash that part . And yet in their commercial they show all those maids scrubbing the shower ! I do n't understand how this is not false advertising ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR $ $ $ $ $ ON THIS PRODUCT , EVEN WITH A COUPON
 Do n't even waste your money . This would be wonderful if it would spray the whole shower , but it only cleans a strip at the height at which it is mounted . So most of the lower part of the shower , which is the dirtiest , does not get any of the spray even on it . I even tried do the spray two times in a row , and there is still not enough spray to run to the bottom of the shower . I should have read everyone else 's reviews before buying this ! I do hope they can make one sometime that works , it sure would make life easy !
 This product DOES NOT WORK AT ALL ! What a waste of money ! I have a very small shower stall , and I thought this would work easily due to the shower 's size . After the entire first bottle , the only change I saw was for the worse . It not only did nothing to clean my shower , mold or mildew , but it actually made it worse by leaving a white film on the walls and glass that I never had before . I am a very busy person and though this product would save me some time , but I am VERY disappointed.The main problem is the fact that it only sprays for maybe 10 seconds , and the cleaner does n't even have a chance to run down the walls to reach the bottom of the shower . After just a week , the first bottle was almost gone . I will be getting a refund . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!
 Does not clean properly , expensive refills , stupid idea , period.Total waste of money.Broke after 6 months then threw it out .
 Not a great cleaning , just kind of adequate . Still need to scrub regularly which I thought that this gadget would help me to avoid , especially costing as much as it and it 's refills do . Wait for the price to fall a lot lower or forget about it altogether .
 It had something metallic rattling around inside of it when it arrived . It was very difficult to open as it used custom screw heads . It turned out to be a free metal screw . I 'm glad I did n't try to use it , all of the electronics were directly exposed .
 I was very disappointed when I opened the box . They are VERY stiff and are not adjustable whatsoever . I bought these to use a studio prop and havent had a chance to try them out yet , but I have a feeling they will not photograph as realistic-looking . I have a 22 month old and the straps are WAY too big for her , so if you are thinking of using these for a Halloween costume , you should probably take that into consideration . The wings i received were missing a lot of the little feathers on top , thus showing the cardboard .
 Wings look a lot more realistic and beautiful in the pictures . Maybe my expectations were much higher . Was a bit disappointed when I opened the box . It seems so flat and did not look as pictured . For the price I guess its pretty decent . Depends on what you 're looking for . For photo opts - its a great addition -LRB- will look good in pictures -RRB- .
 this wings have the perfect size for my 8 month old baby , but the material is so so so rigid , but perfectly done ... love the finished
 I ordered these for my two year old son to wear on a parade float with the theme of `` Little Angels . '' The wings are rigid construction and they fit him well , unfortunately they arrived with about one third of the feathers badly frayed . A couple of feathers are missing the tips as if they have been chewed on . I am very disappointed with the quality of the feathers .
 I 'm not happy at all with these wings . They are not the same shape or proportion as in the advertised picture . They look like a rectangular piece of cardboard covered with feathers instead of the pretty , curved wings in the picture . Three feathers had already fallen off inside the box it was shipped to me in . They are also not 15 inches across , they are only 13.5 inches across . I am very disappointed .
 part of a halloween costume for a 4-year old . The feathers starting coming off/not laying flat early on in the day . Never used .
 I had these wings out of the package for about 10 seconds before they started falling apart . Talk about cheaply made ! Awful product worth about 1 $ . Do n't bother with these .
 The feathers that protrude are about half the length of the displayed picture . My wing came with a missing edge feather and cardboard showing at the lower left tip which made it look pathetic .
 These wings DO NOT look like the picture . They are simply cardboard arches with feathers stuck on , they are not shaped like the picture but rather straight up/down from top to bottom not flared as shown . They have to elastic loops in the center for the kids to put their arms through and they continuously slide down their arms . My 3 yr old hated these and took them off half way through trick or treating . For the price I thought they would be a little better construction .
 I thought i was purchasing a Sensa GEL pen as the title clearly stated yet it would not accept GEL ink refills . . very poor product and I feel misleading advertising headline . . jgs
 this product is great for beginners trying something new . its not very intense and only lasts 20 minutes . it is probably better for him than her .
 Based on the first week of use , I have to say I 'm disappointed . There are 2 problem areas - first , the adjustment screw for the flame does n't work right ; second , the valve for refilling the lighter with butane seems to leak badly . Maybe I 'm just not doing it right , but I 've tried to figure out a way to refill & just seem to keep getting leaks . Also , I ca n't tell how much butane is getting in - probably not much since the lighter does n't keep the flame for long .
 This wall holder is for the older larger AED models . It is much to large for the new 2008 units . I returned them with no problem to Amazon , thank you for the good return service !
 Bought and paid extra for this battery because it had a 3 year warranty . However , if you make a warranty claim after 90 days they make you pay $ 7.50 for shipping so you know you 're paying for the replacement . The battery did last for about 18 months but so too did the batteries I bought elsewhere for $ 7.00 . It 's a shame they ca n't be honest up front and tell you this .
 Product sounds great . The only problem is you are taking your chances on ever getting a response back from the company . Apparently this is not unique situation , check other comments on other sites . Buyer beware !
 Folks , if you do n't glean anything else from this review , know this
 I typically do n't pay attention to reviews that list problems without a source . But in seeing the past review regarding high lead levels I did some research and the FDA does have this product listed as having one of the higher lead levels for children 's vitamins from a study done 8/08 . Here is the FDA link :[ ... -RSB- -LRB- OK , my link was edited out , look in comments of the post below or search the FDA website . -RRB- I found no rebuttal or mention of this on the Nature 's Plus website , so I will no longer use this product.The FDA does list the lead level within acceptable limits . My thought on that is :1 . Why is there ANY lead in children 's vitamins ! 2 . There is NO safe level of lead to consume . Again do your own research on this .
 My kids prefer Yummi Bears to these . Neither is overly particular yet these do n't seem to taste good to them .
 My kids are generally not too fussy about medicines . I have a 3 yr and a 1 yr and both refused to eat it after couple of days . When I tasted it , I felt a powdery muddy taste on my tougue inspite of great orange , cherry , grapes flavors . I am going to go back to my Nordic treats . They are the best .
 These are the worst tasting vitamins ever . They leave a really bad after taste in your month . Do not waste your money .
 I was very excited about these vitamins due to all the nutrients packed in them . However , my kids have been eating exclusively gummy vitamins their whole life and just refused to eat these . They made me try one and I had to concur , they are pretty grainy , chalky and sour . If your kid is n't picky and has n't developed a taste for gummy vitamins then give it a shot . But , I 'm stuck with a big ole ' jar of these because my kids just wo n't do it !
 I found this particular brand children supplements have been recalled in the past . It was also mentioned for having the most lead among children multivitamins by FDA . I also believe the bottle has less than 180 tablets because they last about 2 months or so . -LRB- I offer 2 tablets a day , 180 tablets should last 3 months . -RRB- I found lot 's of powder inside the bottle , maybe rest of the tablets became powder . I keep the bottle away from children in case you think children played with a bottle and cased tablets to became powdery and crumbly ... My child likes them because they taste good but my pediatrician recommended Flintstones brand instead . They 're harder like a brick a have black specs which my daughter does n't like . I 'm very concerned about lead content of Nature 's Plus Animal Parade . why would they contain lead at all ? It will do more harm than good .
 it 's worth about $ .50 do n't waste your money or time waiting for this to come in the mail it is junk !!!!!!
 I loved this scent when it was sold in the stores and purchased it online after not being able to find it in stores anymore ; HOWEVER , this is definitley not the same scent that I used to purchase locally . This prodcut -LRB- now -RRB- smells terrible and is basically unusable . If you think you are buying the same thing that used to smell good and was sold in stores , you are wrong ! Very disappointed .
 This thing smells like sweet candy . It is not even close to the citris I wanted . Spray it a bit too much and you will get sick it . I almost threw it away . It was good enough to use all of the product but not to buy again . I wanted citris scent not citris candy . Dissapointed after the first spray ...
 It seems OK at first , but starts to smell like vomit after lingering in the air a few seconds .
 Baby orajel numbs the back of the baby 's throat ... no matter how little you use . This can lead to the baby choking , making the process even more painful and annoying . Skip the orajels and get some Hyland 's teething tablets . You can get them at a drugstore , wal-mart , kmart , or off the internet . They are inexpensive and they even knocked my baby out -LRB- they have chamomile -RRB- ! Smaller kids have to have them rubbed around in their mouths until they dissolve , but at 6 months , my baby still loves them and will chew them up on her own . If that does n't work , invest in a mesh baby fresh food feeder and put frozen fruit in it . Peaches work great .
 URESEC male urinal . The product is an execllent design but the materials are shoddy . The unit created a leak in the bottom and created quite a mess.Also the rear cap wore out very quickly and the unit leaked at the end where the rear spigot is . I tried to get a refund but the supplier could not find my name in the computer.The Unit is at a price whereby this should not happen , but it did . I gave it two stars because of the unique design , otherwise I would have given it a one . I have used many different urinal but none have given me problems such as this .
 Needle did not work , difficult , if not impossible , to get results . Horrible purchase . I guessed at the result for a submission . Ordered 2 tests and had to follow up with a clinical test on one allowing for a guess on the other .
 ... It seems foolproof-But , in my case ? It was a waste of money-After * carefully * preparing the lancet , and removing the cap it failed to deploy past the plastic guard-It never actually touched my finger , and ca n't be reset . A few painful jabs with a pin did n't do the trick , either ! Ultimately ? All I did was waste money on the kit and shipping-Regrettably ? I actually had to shell out a few more dollars for * another . * Let 's hope the lancet works on the new kit !
 The kit is rendered useless , first by too small a lancet -LRB- finger prick -RRB- . Once you use it , it retracts into the housing , and is now useless . You get only enough blood to fill the first -LRB- Anti-A circle field -RRB- on the Eldoncard itself . By the time you have filled it , and start on the second blood drop application , there is not enough blood coming out of your finger to properly fill the second field -LRB- Anti-B -RRB- . You squeeze the finger and eventually get some blood , meanwhile the blood is clotting not only on your finger , but also drying out on the Eldoncard . You do your best to smear the blood around within the circle . The blood flow is now even less , and you struggle to get enough to fill the third circle while the blood continues to clot on your finger and on the card , with less blood . Hardly any blood flow left for the fourth circle -LRB- control area -RRB- no matter how much you squeeze your finger , but you smear around a little on the card . Then you are supposed to tilt the card upright for ten seconds , on each side
 Yes , the instructions are easy to follow , and yes , the test is very accurate -LRB- assuming you can get a enough blood -RRB- . UNFORTUNATELY , I could n't get enough blood -LRB- despite warming hands , despite picking the thin-skinned side of my finger , despite squeezing -RRB- with that pathetic , one-shot lancet they put in . No , I 'm not a retard - I 've use similar kits other times . Problem with this is
 I did not like this product because it was very hard to understand the instructions . I felt like I wasted my hard earned money on a useless product . Thanks for Nathing and I gave it one star cause I could n't choose zero star . .
 I went against the reviews and tried this ... I did everything correctly but my results could not be determined ... . Everything works as said but nothing showed except smeared blood that looked exactly the same in each circle ??
 The lancet was broken or very flimsy . It would be a better idea to get your blood tested at a blood bank or at your doctor 's office .
 my results do n't match anything on the card ... my guess would be A or O negative because all circles look the same . i was really hoping to know my blood type . i do n't think i used enough blood ? i tried to watch the video on website but it stops half way thru so i never saw how much to use .
 Buyer beware , this product is unreliable and should n't be used for any medical purposes . I bought two of these because I needed to know what my blood type was for work , both cards I used gave me a blood type result of A Negative . When I was finally able to get my doctor 's office to order the blood type test for me I was surprised to find out my blood type was actually A Positive .
 Lancet came broken only included one . So was reduced to sticking my finger with a pin . All the circles looked the same , and gave me zero results . Worthless .
 Maybe I received a bad lot . When running the test it was not apparent what the blood type was based on the display . The reading was barely discernable . To make a determination it really was more guesswork than blatantly clear . Glad this was n't for a transfusion !
 I followed the instructions , got an ` invalid ' result and wasted my money . There should be a way to try again if the result is ` invalid ' .
 I am giving this product and seller a poor -LRB- 2 -RRB- rating ; had it arrived later , I would have given the seller a rating of awful -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Reasons
 I ordered this kit for my girlfriend , because she does n't know her blood type -LRB- at 29 years old -RRB- . The package came and we were all excited . Well , strike 1 , it came without a lancet . Strike 2 , they could have put a little more care into the construction on the kit . I mean , really . You 're paying $ 14 basically , for a piece of paper . At least jazz it up and make the packaging nice . But no , it was very plain . Strike 3 , no results . My girlfriend is an acupuncturist , so she did have spare lancets on hand . She was able to prick herself and draw plenty of blood , but her blood did n't react with ANY of the circles . In the directions , they said that this `` could '' happen . And if it did , just go to your doctor and get a blood test done.So , overall , horrible experience . Waste of money , waste of time , waste of blood . Waste of writing this review !
 Used product just as instruction said to , and found results to be poor . Even went to the companies website before using the product and found it to be fairly low-end and unimpressive . I can not recommend this product , which is sad to say , because I had very high hopes for it when it was ordered .
 Yes , I 'm giving it a low review because it did not work for me , but it 's not for lack of trying or ability to follow instructions . First of all , the lancing device did not work ; I twisted , I pulled , I pushed - there was no needle . It must have broken off with the cap . Luckily , I have a diabetes test kit and used the lancing device from my own kit . Still , I simply could not get enough blood flowing out to do the test . Maybe I just do n't bleed very well , but I usually have no problem testing for my blood-sugar level . Eldoncard 's test does ask for a whole lot of blood . And a working lancing device would have been nice . In the end , it was money wasted .
 I could n't even get enough blood out to complete the test which means that I never received the results from the test . All of the equipment that comes with this kit is cheap and ineffective . Do n't waiste your time .
 The Leg Thing slides down my calf every five minutes , requiring me to pull it back up in order to prevent my insulin pump from dangling and swinging freely inside my pants leg . This is very annoying . The material stretches out too much and is too slippery to stay in place against the skin . Even washing and drying it do n't seem to help . I wish it stayed in place at the top of my calf instead of sliding down to my ankle all the time .
 The Leg Thing slides down my calf every five minutes , requiring me to pull it back up in order to prevent my insulin pump from dangling and swinging freely inside my pants leg . This is very annoying . The material stretches out too much and is too slippery to stay in place against the skin . Even washing and drying it do n't seem to help . I wish it stayed in place at the top of my calf instead of sliding down to my ankle all the time .
 I chose this light/sound machine for its unique design ... cd player built right in ! I 'm sure that 's what gets most shoppers to choose this over other devices . DO N'T make that mistake . Here 's the short history of my Zen Master -LRB- sure to make the most highly evolved soul fly into a fit of rage -RRB-
 I just bought this zen machine and was so excited to use it , but no matter how I try , and what button I press , nothing is working . I am so disappointed thet I paid $ 200 for the broken item .
 I 've had to use a reacher for many years now due to arthritis and this is the worst one I have ever owned . It isnt strong enough to pick up much and the grabber part slips out of place all of the time . This is very annoying .
 The grasping mechanism for this device works well enough for the purpose I purchased it for - I 'm short and need to be able to reach items in my upper cabinets . However , I decided on this particular product because of the magnetic tip , which , unfortunately , simply does not work . The `` magnet '' is very small - about the diameter of a pencil eraser - and the one on the item I received has absolutely no magnetic properties at all - objects as light as a paper clip wo n't even adhere to it . Had I known this , I would have purchased a different model .
 I 've used these reachers in the past and they were great . These are awful . All three are strung too tight . The jaws will not touch so forget being able to pick up anything under a half an inch thick . With one the magnet fell off immediately with another the yellow jaw has fallen out twice . Save your money and skip these .
 I expected better quality than I received . I should have checked out the reviews . The hand grip is too wide for a medium-sized woman . The construction is poor .
 I thought I can extend the reacher 26 &#34; more but could n't , therefore , this product does n't serve my purpose . Bad buy .
 Since I am unable to bend from the waist down , or twist at all , a reacher is most important to me . This reacher is different than what was advertised w/photo , as other consumers have noted . It is poorly constructed and lacks the dexterity and tightness for picking up or reaching for different items . It 's very difficult to pick up a pencil , pen ; paper or tissue ; thread is impossible to pick up from a smooth floor surface or a carpeted floor.I was unable to sit in front of computer to read other consumer reviews ... Two and a half weeks after my reconstructive spinal surgery on 12/20/2012 , I was able to sit for 20 minutes at a time to read some of the reviews . Most of the comments were very negative
 I had a total hip replacement and I ordered this reacher to help me put my clothes after surgery.I received it on Friday and Tuesday of the following week broke due to string coming untied in the reacher.String is so short that can not be tied back by hand.Called Customer Service at their location in Georgia . I Got a recording that all customer service reps were busy and someone would call me back when they came available , I am still waiting !
 I was terribly disappointed when I received the Duro-Med Aluminum Reacher and regretted buying it unseen . It is cheaply made -- lightweight aluminum , plastic , and cord . Any and all components will likely break upon frequent use . It can not pick up anything that weighs more than a few ounces . The magnetic tip latches on to nearby objects and releasing the unwanted object is difficult . At 26 inches , it is too short to be useful . I have to bend over or stretch . I 'm stuck with something that belongs in the Dollar Store but I paid $ 10.80 .
 I bought this reacher because I had a similar type that finally broke after several years of use . The problem with this reacher is that the tips do not meet properly so that small objects like coins or pieces of paper can not be picked up very easily . I suspect the problem is poor quality control in the manufacturing rather than design .
 This reacher is to replace one that lasted six years before wearing out . In the photo , they look identical . However , when it arrived , this reacher is not made of as strong aluminum as the previous one , which makes me think it will be too flimsy to give good value . Also , there is no rubber tip to aid in securing items . I will keep it , but am disappointed in the quality .
 I tried this product after using several `` reachers '' that fell apart after what I consider moderate use -LRB- the type with suction cups on the grabbing end -RRB- . Actually , the screws fell out of the suction cups , something I could probably prevent by putting a dot of permanent glue on those screws.In any case , I found the Duro-Med Aluminum Reacher is mostly useless in the kitchen . I am 5 ' 2 '' and I need this to reach for cans , casserole dishes , laundry soap and anything above the lowest shelf in my kitchen and laundry upper cabinets . This device can not grab anything without a closed loop handle or something of small diameter -LRB- two or three inches -RRB- . Yes , it can pick up a screw from under the bed , but I can never find the darn thing because it is constructed so that I ca n't hang it or lean it anyplace without my adding a string , hook and loop tape , or ... a suction cup '' ! '' to the handle . I 'm not interested in spending time and patience on a device that is supposed to make my life easier , so it 's back to the suction cup style `` reacher '' for me .
 This arm is near useless . The string had to be retied , the magnet put back in several times , The handgrip is loose after a few uses and had to be tightened . The jaw does n't always close staight . The reacher I received does NOT look like the one pictured . Mine does n't have the little black hook at the end . It has a plastic piece in the center that makes you think that you can bend it . You ca n't . I really do n't why it is there . I do not blame the seller , they tried to send another one . I did not want the same thing again though ! I will not buy another of these from this manufacturer . The seller tried their best with an inferior product .
 T purchased some of your reachers , and they wo n't pinch together to pick an object up . Could you tell me what might be the problem ? There is about an 1/2 '' gap where they do not come together .
 The item you ship is made by a different manufacture with a longer reach to the trigger than previous model , the stud placed futher back on the top than the previous model , the grabber pad on the bottom of the bar made out of hard plastic instead of soft rubber . All making it difficult to use .
 I own a grabber , in the channel at the end , the incert is a hard sponge like rubber . You can pick up anything . This new one I ordered and received from Amazon has a hard ribbed plastic incert . If you do n't grip something very hard it will slip out . small things are almost impossible to pick up . Why would somebody make something that 's grate , then screw it up . This is the only thing that I have ordered from Amazon that is totaly unsatisfactory .
 This Reacher , Grabber thing is a $ 23.75 cheaply made piece of junk ! The only thing good about it is that it is very light weight , and does n't take up very much room in the trash bin.The handle is small , thin and hard to grasp , The trigger I 'm sure will break if you try to pick up anything more than a few ounces.The jaw only opens 21/2 '' and does n't meet together at the closed end to pick up flat items off the floor . If you drop coins forget about it , consider your money lost unless someone comes along and pick them up for you . I 'm sure you 've herd of highway robbery , WELL ! this is Internet or on-line robbery . Do n't waste your time and money on this item.I recommend the E Z Reacher at about the same amount of money . I learned the hard way !
 I did n't realize this razor was plastic , it has no heft to it like the one I was replacing ; very disappointed .
 I purchased this item to use Merkur 's high-quality and inexpensive razor blades . For $ 23 I expected something of the same quality . This is an extremely cheap handle -- flimsy , no pivot on the head and sliding the blades on and off is not a smooth process . This makes me regret not switching over to the old-style safety razors I had been thinking about . I own an Omega brush and stand that are very nice , but I 'd look elsewhere for a razor .
 Fine print on the back says `` not for notebook computer screens '' , which still might be ok for some people , but it also says not for screens that have been factory pre treated with anti glare coating , which I think rules out just about any screen LCD or CRT made after about 1990 . Not at all useful to me .
 I was very disappointed when I received this product , especially when I opened it and used it.First of all , it came totally in Spanish . I can read a little Spanish , but not enough to really understand the directions.When I used these wipes on both my computer monitor and television monitor , it streaked the screens and made them worse.You really have to be careful when ordering certain merchandise . Lesson learned !!
 This stuff was horrible . Mixed it in a bottle with milk and the stuff was a clumpy mess that tastes like chalk . I recommend the pre made shakes . They are much better and tastier
 After use daily over several weeks I began to have significant abdominal distress . Muscle milk light is much better , less filler and no pain !
 This used to be my favorite - but in the last few months their quality control for this product suffered badly . Three containers -LRB- from 3 different batches -RRB- were curdled and solid . Kind of like tofu . Not toxic , just ruined . I could have excused it but I called them and they claimed it was my fault that I had let it freeze somehow . No.And while EAS was wonderfully sympathetic - they somehow forgot to send me a replacement . So now I am not sure what their toll free contact number really means . It might be wise to purchase through Amazon and be ready to return it directly to them via Amazon/returns . I used it as a light meal replacement as I traveled , easy to carry . But finding one curdled just ruined everything . I still buy their other flavors , which seem OK , but the vanilla , and the company response , disappoints .
 Nutrition info says that its 25 gm protien which its not , its 20 . And also per the nutrition tab it has hardly any carbs , which again is not true , it has 24 gms of carbs .
 I will not purchase from this seller again . 1/3 of the packets were not sealed and open . Makes me question if they were real . I 've purchased Myoplex Lite several times before online and packages are totally sealed .
 This protein powder has 24 grams of carbs per serving . The information only said that the protein content was 20g perserving , but not that that would include 24g of carbs . There are much better shakes out there that will help build muscle . -LRB- i.e. muscle milk or muscle milk light -RRB- This would be considered more of a mass gainer than protein shake because with 24g of carbs you will gain unwanted weight from drinking this shake .
 i ran out of my normal protein and had a sample pack of this and wow ... it tastes gross !!! it doesnt mix well with water so it was kind of clumpy and the taste was god awful . i would not recommend this product to anyone unless they have lost their sense of taste .
 Each botle is of 125 tablets not 150 ! I askd for and got a refund !
 I can not believe how badly this shawer works , or maybe i should say DOES NOT WORK . I keep thinking i 'm doing something wrong because it is impossible that someone could launch a product that does n't even come close to doing something it 's meant to do , let alone do it well , but i tried everything the manual says . I will give it one more chance with new inner blades but i doubt that will change anything , it should have worked right now since it 's new . This is a disgrace for Panasonic . Stay away from this product .
 This machine is useless . . what a waste of money . . do n't buy it . . shame on Panasonic traying to sell this razor as a good product . . I want a full refound . .
 Real cheap shaver , dont buy . Get a three headed shaver instead for a better more comfortable shave
 This razor was bought as a Christmas present for my youngest son , and therefore purchase in December . He did not begin using it until the second week of January . This razor does not work . He gave it back to me a week later , and I tried it on a day 's growth as well as a full weeks growth . Nothings happens . Again , this razor does not work , and you would be wasting your money to purchase it.And yes , by the time we had reached this conclusion , the warranty period had passed .
 I had bought an electric shaver about 7 years ago and it was n't that great even though it was one of the more expensive ones . Lately I had gotten interested in them again because of the convenience and hoped that over the years they 've gotten better . What I found is that using it is actually more of a hassel than my disposable Gillette razors.The battery life does n't last long and when it 's ` dying ' it slows down significantly so you do n't get quite the shave you should be . It also misses some spots and the shave is not as close as you would get with a typical razor . It actually takes me longer to shave with this thing.Now I 'm back to using the disposable blue Gillette razors . They do the job and anything closer and you 'll be drawing blood . They 're cheap enough to toss guilt-free when they start to get dull .
 Like the title says . it works nice when you dont have a lot of beard.I have a hard beard , when i try to use it after 2 days of not shaving my beard its very hard to get the long hairs to get cut , this is bad because i cant get rid of disposables razors completely : -LRB- EDIT
 Only used for 4 months , charged it for about 12 times . Now the battery is dead for recharge . Passed the return date . A piece of junk now .
 This razor is a toy . It is flimsy and works poorly . It takes 3 times as long to shave with this than any other electric razor I have ever owned . It does not come with a power cord , it uses a wall plug that the unit sits on . The electrical outlets in my bathroom are horizontal instead of vertical so I must use an outlet in another room to charge it . I gave it two stars because it is waterproof and the nose trimmer works well .
 Other Panasonic items I had that are made in Japan are greatI do n't believe this one was since it was much less expensiveEven when new it does n't trim very close and had a hard time cutting also.Automatic bath/washer stop working after a few months .
 what a mistake . poor shave . seriously misrepresented with claims of remarkable close shave . what a joke . My mistake in tossing wrapping , so I cant return it . save your money . DO NOT BUY this product
 This electric shaver does not shave properly . My husband tried it several times over the same spot and the skin was rubbed raw as opposed to the hair getting any shorter . I 'm in th eprocess of returning it .
 I used the graffiti remover to take off some oily food stains on a white pair of pants and a red t-shirt . It left blotchy stains wherever I put it , no matter how much I rubbed . Clorox did n't take out the discolorations on the white pants . I had to throw out both of these things.I 've used all kinds of stain removers over the years , and some of them just plain did n't work , but none of them ever ruined my clothes.I did n't like giving it even one star!I will never buy ANY other product from your company .
 I used the graffiti remover to take off some oily food stains on a white pair of pants and a red t-shirt . It left blotchy stains wherever I put it , no matter how much I rubbed . Clorox did n't take out the discolorations on the white pants . I had to throw out both of these things.I 've used all kinds of stain removers over the years , and some of them just plain did n't work , but none of them ever ruined my clothes.I will never buy another product from this company .
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 so i ordered these and got something else sent to me.AND it 's not the company 's fault since it was drop shipped from LADYBUG themselves ! ... the sellers worked with me and apologized for any error ; they are great to work with !! -LRB- five stars -RRB- the towels are a few inches in width shorter which means it does n't fit on the ladybug when you fold them in half . ... it 's also a bit thinner than the towels that came with the ladybug ... which means that the folding in half would be even more important!be wary of buying these as they are not as usable for your ladybug steamer . ... i 'd just go out and buy some bar towels -LRB- which i did -RRB- at costco for a about $ 20 . you get twice as many ... and i do n't feel bad when they get dirty . which they will when you are steaming floors !
 This is something like one I bought in the early 1990 's . However , the sounds are not relaxing and the glasses actually burned my face a bit . Suggest you try something else for relaxation .
 I do n't usually write reviews although I take full advantage of the reviews I find here ... shame on me ... I will do better . But this magnifier was so nasty that it prompted me to write my first review.This magnifier minds me of the 70s made-in-China junk . Horrid quality ... distorted plastic lens and the plastic handle 's battery cover comes off like ... a cheap 70 's made-in-China junk . The old `` made-in-China '' looking box it comes in has magified view of map of China showing Shanghai ... This is not a Duro-Med brand magnifier but `` Hori '' brand -LRB- or some similar sounding name ... I 've returned the darn thing already for refund . -RRB- This is a magnifier you might find in some corner alley hole-in-the-wall store in China for $ 1 and even then it 'd be worthless junk not fit for a child 's toy.I have no clue what magnifier the previous reviewer gave 5 stars but it could n't have been the same one I received . That 's totally misleading . Ok , nowI 'm done with my rant .
 I have to admit , this thing was pretty bad . I have written one review in the past five years and it was to praise a product . I do n't usually complain , but this item was well below expectations . The light assembly on mine was broken when I received it . I 've got it downstairs trying to glue it back together , but the design is weak to begin with . It also looks and feels cheap . There was extra plastic from the manufacturing process that I had to trim off of every piece , like a kids model car . Lastly , the finish around the lens on one side is so bad I do n't know if a trim ring came off or that is just the way it looks . No other parts were floating around in the box . This is the only thing out of about a dozen orders in December that Amazon flubbed . I 'll cut them some slack , it was a $ 5 dollar item , worth only $ 2 , so if the glue does n't work I 'll just trash it without a return . You do n't have to make my same mistake though .
 Yes it is a magnifier . But the plastic literally broke taking it out of the box . I know a lot of reviewer exaggerate when they do n't like something . But this thing truly did break right away . It is way overpriced for the quality .
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 Do not buy a Braun Razor until you read this . I owned a series 3 razor that never worked before buying the series 7 . My series 3 would not charge in the stand so I contacted Braun who had me send it in to a service center . After paying shipping and insurance twice my razor still never worked . Frustrated I gave up on it and began using a handheld razor . My wife was kind enough to purchase a series 7 for me at a cost of $ 220.00 . Though I had bad luck with Braun I gave it a try . It was a really nice razor that did a decent job of shaving . But after only 4 months it stopped working completely . I contacted Braun who again had me send it to a service center . After paying shipping and insurance my razor returned still not functioning . I contacted Braun who said I need to send it in again and that they could do nothing for me . How many times do I have to send a razor into a service center to get one that works more than 4 months . After insurance , shippin and all those expensive cartridges I have had to waste each time I send it in , I have spent over $ 400 to still have a Braun razor that does not work . If I had written a review within 2 months of getting this razor , as most of the reviewers of this product probably did , I would have given it 4-5 stars . But Braun products just do n't work , and their customoer service is horrible . Do yourself a favor and go with a different company because you will get this product and be happy for a few months but then the frustration begins .
 I received the 790cc as a gift 2 months ago . At first , I was impressed with the amount of thought that went into the packaging of this unit . Then I found out how much the razor cost and now know that most of the cost went into packaging . As for the razor , the weight of the unit suggests that this is a well made , precision instrument . It feels solid in your hand.After the initial charging in the clean/renew station I tried it out on my beard which was previously trimmed by my Norelco . The resulting shave was not as close as I expected for a $ 200 + razor compared to my old $ 50 Norelco . After the first shave , I set it back into the clean/renew station and that 's when the real problems began.All of the LED 's in the razor and the station began blinking randomly . The charger would not sense the razor and therefore would not clean or charge it . I called Braun and was informed that I could mail it back to them at my own expense or I could take it to their authorized repairman about 10 miles from my house . I chose the repairman.The repairman had the razor for one month to the day and he remarked that it was not the only Braun 790cc he received for repair recently . He told me he replaced a PC board and another part in the station when he returned the unit to me . Thankfully there was no cost but also no paperwork describing his repair work.When I returned home I found that he had given me somebody else 's 790cc razor . So now , I had to return to the repairman to retrieve my razor . After returning home again , I tried the razor a second time . I was still not impressed with the closeness of the shave but am willing to give it some more time to see if it improves . I have n't thrown my Norelco away , yet.The charging/cleaning station now works but has to be encouraged at times to sense the razor and to begin cleaning . The cleaning cycle begins and will stop abrubtly . After repositioning the razor on the contacts and pushing the start cleaning button again , it will resume cleaning and eventually complete the cycle . The clean/renew process is not a quiet process , either.Bottom line
 I previously owned a Braun 8595 , which was the best shaver I 'd ever owned . I replaced it because the battery seemed to be dying . After using the Series 7 790cc Model 5671 for 2 months , it stills pulls a whisker or two every time I use it . I 'm replacing it with a Series 5 , in the hope that the `` Pulsonic '' or `` Flexing head '' feature is the problem , and that the Series 5 performs as well as the 8595 . Whisker-pulling was the reason , decades ago , that I was never able to use a Norelco .
 This is my third and last Braun Pulsonic 9595 shaver I have owned in the last 11/2 years . I have had the same corroding issues with all three shavers , pitting under the foil head , cracking and pealing , flaking of the finish and fading of the engraving . I clean my shaver daily using only the Braun cleaner following the Braun instructions . From all the postings and threads on the internet this is not an isolated case . Before Braun was acquired from Proctor & Gamble I was very happy with products from Braun . Its either that they are avoiding correction the design problems that are reported on the internet or they look at the cost benefit alanysis and do not see the need to correct what appears to be a common problems with their braun shaver design . Customer service says the same thing over and over ... we have not heard that before please send the razor in for evaluation . These issues should have been addressed in the poduct development and testing phase or corrected when brought to light . THIS WILL BE MY LAST BRAUN PRODUCT AND I HAD BEEN A LOYAL BRAUN CUSTOMER FOR OVER TWENTY - FIVE YEARS .
 I got this for my husband - it looked great and I know he was not happy with the shaver he had - the blades seemed to dull so fast - He does NOT like it . I was going to get replacement cartridges but he told me not to bother - the problem he was having was not with the shaving performance - that seemed ok - his problem was the charger/cleaner - most of the time the shaver would not sit in the cradle right - in order for it to complete the cleaning cycle he had to hold it in place the entire time - almost seems like the shaver does not have enough weight to keep it situated right in the cradle - needless to say , he does not want to deal with that every day - he has coarse red hair and reviews the shaving capabilities so-so - will try to get with Braun to see if they can do anything
 This must have been the worst investment I have made . It broke after 32 days .
 For the first ten weeks this was a good shaver . It was very quiet - much quieter than earlier Braun shavers that I have used.In the tenth week , mid-shave , it became VERY loud . So loud that it hurt my ears when trying to shave near to them.Amazon will not let you return this item , because the cleaning fluid is alcohol-based . so I second another reviewers comments `` Do n't buy this from Amazon '' . I shall not buy another Braun shaver . Their quality has gotten steadily worse in the last 10 years .
 I almost never review products on Amazon , however , given that I relied on the reviews to buy this product I felt the need to comment in this instance . I have been using a Braun electric razor for many years , probably 3 or four models over time , and was in the market to replace my 8985 which was getting on in years . I figured rather than replace the blades for the third time on the 8985 I might as well upgrade to the `` latest and greatest '' . Big mistake . I have been shaving with the 7-790cc for about a month or so now and within 8 hours of shaving it feels as if I never shaved . I waited over a month to write this review to give my face / skin a chance to adjust to the new razor as suggested , however , I am going to go back to my old 8985 since the shave was much closer . I would have expected a major improvement when spending over $ 200 , however , unfortunately this shaver was a step backwards .
 The unit I received was faulty -LRB- would not clean -RRB- , however Amazon would not accept returns of the product -LRB- even for exchange -RRB- . Presumably because of the container of cleaning fluid that is shipped with it . Since it is a complex piece of machinery , I can not recommend buying it with Amazon .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband for Christmas . He has been shaving with a razor forever and decided to try an electric razor . This seemed the best product with the best reviews out there . He tried it twice and both times it would give a close shave in some patches but most spots -LRB- the neck -RRB- there was still stubble . He was disappointed that it was not as close a shave as using a razor . He wanted to return the product and just continue using his regular razor . We contacted Amazon and they said we could n't return it because it had been used at least once , well , this was a 200 $ product so we then had to go and sell it on Ebay to get back some of our money.Needless to say this was an expensive try at shaving with an electric shaver .
 Shaver works ok , had an older Braun shaver that actualy did a better job of cutting .
 I think worryingly my comments have been expressed repeatedly and the problems I have experienced seem to be shared by others.I have thick dark stubble and the following is what I found.The problems so far are that I just do n't get a clean shave . There is no way I can arrive at work with patchy stubble like this . I know many say 3 weeks but what should I do in those 3 weeks ? I do n't have time to practice which is the reason I got this but I guess I 'll keep trying . I just had to resort to a wet shave this morning though.The shaver gets hot , does n't clean shave , despite going over the same area several times -LRB- very difficult on chin and neck -RRB- and stretching the skin in all directions , and actually starts to irritate by the end of the shave . Very worryingly , its been catching on slightly more prominent stubble ! Ouch ... On the plus side , the parts that do shave well are very clean -LRB- just below the sideburns -RRB- , the unit looks great , it has excellent grip , and the cleaning feature is wonderful.At this early stage , I 'm very worried and would give it an early 1 star if it was n't for its looks . I did n't buy it for that though so a return may be in order.It appears to me from roughly combining the reviews so far , if you 're used to electric shavers , this is a good product but if you 're used to wet shaves , this might never match expectations , such is the quality of a decent wet shave.I will update my review in due course.Update
 I love the razor , best I have ever had -LRB- previously used various Norelco 's -RRB- . But Braun customer service is incredibly bad -LRB- is P&G ; in the US -RRB- , and even worse considering the price of the razor . After about a year of use the cleaning mechanism stopped working . Called Braun , they said send into a repair place . Repair place said they needed my razor . So three weeks with a crappy battery razor I bought -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . Then in Jan the cleaning mechanism stopped working again . Called Braun , they said send back to repair place , I told them they were kidding . As a great favor they said they would send me a new cleaning unit . Two months and many phone calls later , nothing . -LRB- They gave me a Fedex tracking number for an address in another state -RRB- . After telling me that normally I would have to deal with Fedex , they said as a special favor I could buy a new cleaning unit -LRB- which I did in Feb. -RRB- and they would reimburse me . Many more phone calls , check is in the mail . So In May I called and told them I was going to write a very bad review unless I got a check within a week . Four days later a check showed up . Now in early August the new cleaning mechanism stops working . Pretty bad . I have not the energy to fight with Braun again , and would love to keep using the Braun which I like , but alas my apt . plumbing can not deal with cleaning out the hair in the sink . So if you think you are buying a premium product with premium service from Braun , think again . The razor has been great , but would not go near anything where customer service is P&G ; again . I will now have to search for an inferior razor.Update March 2012 - the locking mechanism to hold the head in place broke . Alas , I need this for any longish hairs . Hard to shave with one hand holding the head in place . So finally bye bye to the Braun , which lasted just about 4 years -LRB- possibly not horrible in today 's world , but hardly what I expected for the price of the razor -RRB- . I am hoping the new Phillips is better .
 I decided I did not care about price because I wanted the best electric razor on the market ... to put it simply this does not create even close to a CLEAN SHAVE look . And I still have to use a straight razor under my chin because this electric razor does nothing for that area . This did not work for me ... good luck to others .
 *** WARNING , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT *** I have had this for 2 + years , and as with what others said the shaver will lose contact with the base due to the contacts on the base being cheap . The metal wears away in just a short few months of use from the vibration of cleaning . Braun needs to redesign those contacts better . I had to pull mine apart and solder the front contacts so that it would charge/clean again . That is POOR design for such an expensive setup.Also , after your face has adjusted to the shaver , it makes the blade/shaver not cut as close as it used to , even with a brand new replacement blade , it just doesnt cut like it used to . I have to go back with a flat blade/disposable razer to get the rest or else it will leave stubble . That could just be me , however others are reporting the same thing .
 Okay , I have had this razor for about 5 months . I got it for Father 's Day 2010 . I have had electric razors before , my old Braun died after about 4yrs and I had been using the Gillette Fusion for about 6 months . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS Braun ! The only time you really get a close shave is when you wake up first thing in the morning and shave before anything else . It 's true , I did not believe Braun when they suggested it in their manual , but it is true . Even then the shave is not as close as a blade.The biggest problem is the cleaning unit base . It is poorly made and the contacts in the unit get depressed and stuck . The posts on the razor are supposed to touch these and activate the cleaning . Well the springs wear out after a short time and they do not make contact , and the unit will not charge or clean the razor . So this means you have to manually charge and clean the razor again . Do yourself a favor , do n't waste your money on the cleaning unit and learn to clean it manually every couple of days . Personally , save your money and just use the Gillette Fusion with the battery operated vibrating handle ; a much better unit and closer shave .
 I own two shavers , One Norelco `` Quadra Action '' and this `` Braun Pulsonic series 7 '' , which I purchased in October 2009 . I had lots of time to evaluate this item and compare it with my Norelco . I regret to say that Norelco shavers are presently , by far , the best shavers available in the markets . I purchased the Pulsonic at the time my Norelco was in need of new Ni-Cad batteries . Big mistakes of my part , I trusted the four-stars rating + given and decided to try this new model to have as a spare shaver.First , I received the shaver in an elaborate packaging -LRB- most likely expensive -RRB- accompanied with a bulky contraption that Braun calls `` The Clean & Renew ; System '' . This unit serves as a combination to clean and recharge the shaver when needed and it does require a cleaning cartridge filled with a special cleaning fluid . That 's another costly item that must be purchased periodically . If you are traveling forget about that cleaning gadget ... Leave it home ! The shaver can recharged with the cord provided and also cleaned under the faucet in your bathroom.Second , the shaver does not give a shave any closer that my Norelco , the head has straight lateral cutters and the friction of the cutters in motion creates heath giving a burning sensation to the skin ... not very pleasant ! The fact that the head has straight cutters , it does n't espouses the contours of the face very well ; unlike my Norelco which has three individual round cutters that gimbals separately on their own axis , a very useful feature , especially on the neck around the jawbones.Third , the trimmer is useless if you have to trim a mustache , it 's only good for sideburns . The trimmer is hidden from view , while looking in a mirror if you are trying to groom a mustache or trim hairs from the nose . The trimmer is lower than the head of the shaver and is hidden from view while looking at the mirror making it impossible to see what you are trimming . With the Norelco shavers there are no problems with the trimmer.I do not recommend the Braun `` Pulsonic '' series 7 shaver , it is overpriced and over rated , it only deserve a HALF STAR.M . J.
 I purchased this Braun Shaver directly from Amazon more than a year ago . It came with a 2-Year Warranty . A few months after I began using it I noticed that the cleaning base and the shaver were defective . I tried contacting Braun customer service on April or May 2009 so that I could send my shaver for repair or replacement . However , it was extremely hard to get a hold of them . They finally answered one of my emails yesterday , which was September 22nd , 2010 . I DO N'T RECOMMEND anyone to purchase Braun products . I 'm surprised Amazon is selling Braun products since Braun has such horrible service .
 For first time users ... stay away ... I am stuck & looking to sell my item on ebay.I will never use Electric in my life , returned back to my Gillette Fusion blade & Razor . I can now see my face back how it was before I was using an Electric shaverI know cheap shavers perform worse , but how come an Expensive High end 790CC give out a Single-Star performance . when ever I use this , I still have to use my Gillette Fusion with Foam on my neck area . & also with out using any oil like '' `` LECTRIC SHAVE '' '' you will rip-off your skin.I tried using this for 4 months , just not to complain a Great Brand.but finally I gave-up . Braun sucks
 2 days after I ordered this from Amazon , they dropped the price five dollars . I called them up for a price differential credit , which was refused by 2 customer service reps and their supervisors . They said that on September 1 , 2008 , Amazon had eliminated their 30 day price differential credit policy . When I asked where I could find this change detailed on their site -LRB- they have had this policy since Amazon opened -RRB- , they said it was n't there.I wrote to Jeff Bezos . His assistant replied to me , and politely refused the $ 5 refund . I asked where the updated policy could be found , and was told that since there was no longer such a policy , no mention of it can be found on their website.I suggest you buy this product from a merchant who is both more upfront about their policies , and more concerned with customer satisfaction , which sadly at one time would have been Amazon .
 I bought this electric razor , butI 'm quite disappointed with it!I will be returning it soon .
 Costs about 200 bucks I 'd say they spent half of that on the packaging . It shaves most of your hairs fine its just some on the neck dont get cut . Also ca n't be used in the shower which is a great place to shave hairs . I 've only used it once and I do n't like it . My old panasonic is much much better .
 dont expect 50 promo code unless you fight for it . they will keep putting you off . many bad reviews at amazon what happened to amazon ?
 I had this in my cart here at good old Amazon and than I read M. J. McConnell 's review . His review is listed under the 4 star reviews and he states that this is old stock that Braun/Proctor and Gamble is trying to get rid of . Well I believe him . When it comes to capitalism and the lies they spread I rather keep looking for an honest company that sells a good electric razor . So Braun/Proctor and Gamble I was ready to dish up close to $ 300.00 + -LRB- Braun Series 7 - 790cc shaver , Braun Clean & Renew Refills , Braun Replacement Pulsonic 9000 Series Foil - extra stuff in case of a nuclear holocaust -RRB- but decided not to when I read the other reviews . I have an old Braun 5110 that shaves just fine . That is the reason for 2 stars . Companies today just do n't make stuff like they use too . Have you checked out the size of Chips Ahoy cookies - I mean they are getting to be the size of a quarter .
 The reviews for this Braun shaver have impressed me . However , why does Braun think that it is necessary to make shavers that are rechargeable?I would bet that if there was a poll taken to see if men would prefer a simple corded shaver , there would be an overwhelming majority for that type of shaver.I myself , and am sure other men do n't need the hassle of having the additional cumbersome charger & gimmicky cleaner . Braun should go back a take a look at the model 5422 that they made some time ago . That was the epitome of a great electric shaver!Because of the void they created when they discontinued that model , it prompted a small company to try to reintroduce a prototype of the Braun 5422 . Despite the good intention of the company , and I 'm sure they have sold many of them , the shaver falls short of the Braun 5422 in performance & design.Braun would make many men happy if they would bring back the 5422 !
 10 months into owning this shaver it stopped being able to charge or clean in the stand . This because the shaver would move around during the cleaning process , tricking the stand into thinking it was n't in the stand at all . I called Braun and was told that I had to ship the unit , at my expense , a few hundred miles to the nearest service center . I also had to call the service center myself to set this up . They would provide no time frame for resolution of the problem . They would n't guarantee that it was covered by the warranty , so once the service center got it , I could face charges for getting it fixed . And in the meantime I had to buy another shaver.Check around . This is a common problem with this shaver . For this much money , Braun should treat its customers better . I wo n't be buying from them again , and I suggest you not either .
 I thought that by purchasing the Braun 790cc shaver , I was taking a step up from my old Norelco . Ok . Forget the heavy vibration of the Braun motor . Forget the major effort to shave the side of my neck . Forget that shaved hairs fall out of the side of the razor head . Forget these things ? I think not . Amazon does not accept returns of this type of product , so I guess it 's the trash for this baby . It 's not pretty enough for a paperweight . AND , to add insult to injury , Amazon dropped the price , so I actually overpaid for this . I feel better having written this but I would still have preferred my $ 200 back.Braun Series 7 - 790cc Pulsonic Shaver
 Tried this after many years with Norelco . It pulled and grabbed my chin hairs and it was painful . I called Braun , very nice folks . They sent me a new head . Same problem . I finally chucked it . I tried and tried but could n't get past the hair grabbing . Back to Norelco and everything is much better ...
 I expected an outstanding shave with this `` top of the line '' razor . As it turns out , my 7 year old Remington MS3-4700 , which has 4 year old cutting blades , shaves closer than this Braun did out of the box . I will give it points for giving an extremely comfortable shave , but that becomes meaningless when you have a shadow 2 hours after shaving . With all the outstanding reviews this model has gotten , perhaps my beard just does n't go well with this razor - who knows . My Braun foil shaver I had before my Remington -LRB- about 10 years ago -RRB- gave a much closer shave , for sure .
 About once every 15 years , I buy an electric shaver hoping that their performance has improved to a point where they are competitive with blade razors . After four months of using this Braun Series 7 , I think that time has not yet arrived.For comparison purposes , I previously , and now once again , shave with a Schick Mach 3 razor , which gives me an objectively superior , closer , more comfortable shave , with less skin irritation , in less time . The Braun takes forever to get a close shave , and even then , leaves single , isolated whiskers uncut , seemingly at random . While the Braun does n't cause the occasional nick to my face that the blade razor sometimes does , I find that it actually results in more skin irritation than the blade.In short , this Braun is expensive , requires regular investments in cleaning cartridges , and takes up valuable bathroom shelf space , all of which would be okay if it worked well , but it does n't , at least on my face . Save your money and buy a good blade instead .
 I bought this shaver 6 months ago based on the great reviews in Amazon . My experience has not been that great . The shaver has trouble picking up longer hair , and I find myself going over rough spots in the evening . When I left the shaver at a friends and had to use my `` worn out '' Norelco I was stuck by how much closer and more comfortable the shave was . The Braun is also pretty noisy .
 I used this for about two years . It was fine for a while , and then the charger went on the fritz . While I was waiting for a replacement , I went back to using old-school blades and cream and have n't looked back . I had n't used a non-electric razor since 1997 , but things have really changed . The Gillette Fushion Proglide is excellent , permitting a much closer shave -LRB- than this Braun or any electric razor -RRB- and not nicking your skin as the old razors did .
 I think I made a review on this razor previously , but I cant find it . . Owned 2 years now . . Mine fails in the cleaning cycle . . All the lights go out because the connection was lost and it will not start up again unless you wiggle it and try again . and hope it works -RRB- . . As many others , I am disappointed with y $ 300 + shaver too . . I `` dropped '' mine the first month I had it , so maybe trouble I have are related to the drop . . But I blame the $ 300 + braun design for the drop , because I owned 2 or more panasonics before the braun and never dropped the panasonics -LRB- apparently due to the better designed shape . . with all the shaving lube , the panasonic shape makes sense -RRB- . . I tried to get braun to help me with the drop -LRB- because it was so new -RRB- , but didnt feel they would do anything for me -LRB- so I chose not to pay to ship it to them -RRB- . . I will need a new razor soon , and am not considering this overly expensive model -LRB- if they would have helped me , I might have been a happy customer -RRB- . . For $ 300 + initial purchase price , they probably could have afforded to completely replace the dropped one -LRB- and think about redesigning -RRB- . . My status indicator is missing bars , and after about 11/2 years it now gets steamed up so I cant read it anyway -LRB- possibly related to the initial drop , buy why 11/2 years later -RRB- . . I cant prove it , but I have a nagging feeling I cant shake , that I have been screwed for $ 300 + for this shaver.The shave seemed great at first . . But it did seem the razor foil needed to be snapped down -LRB- something after you initially snap it into place -RRB- . . before the shave became great . . Unfortunately , the great shave feel didnt last . . I am thinking about getting my third foil replacement . . But I am starting to think I should just buy a cheap panasonic instead -LRB- as a better use of my money -RRB- . .
 I always thought that the Braun shaver would be a great product , so when my Norelco shaver died I purchased this model . At first the shaver was n't that great , but the directions said if coming from a rotary shaver you would n't get great results at first . After using for three months I still did n't see much improvement . I put it aside and used a Gillette razor and shaving cream . I started using the Braun razor again just recently and I am still disappointed in the results . Shaving cream and a razor for me .
 I bought this product to replace a Philips shaver that I had used for 15 years before it died . I bought the Braun to give the foil heads a try -LRB- as opposed to rotary heads of the Philips -RRB- . The shaver worked well for about 2 years . The part which I am most disappointed about is the cleaning system called ` Clean and Renew ' . The unit is cheaply made and cleaning solution seems to evaporate rapidly as the seals are not that great . This means you have to replace the cleaning solution capsule too often . In addition , the power cord does not sit firmly in the socket on the cleaning unit and thus does not make good contact . Shaver itself works reasonably well although hair stubbles seem to leak from shaver chamber occasionally even after cleaning . For the price , the unit is a disappointment .
 This is my first review of a product ever , only because I feel so disappointed with this product . I 've been using a Braun Synchro electric for about 4 years and have been looking to upgrade . After reading the positive reviews for the Pulsonic -LRB- and ignoring the negatives -RRB- I went out and put down the almost $ 200 for this razor . Here 's are the pro 's and con 's , at least in my experience : Pro 's
 I 've been shaving with the Braun Syncro 7680 , and can honestly tell you that it 's provided the best shave ever . I decided to give myself an upgrade this past Christmas to the new 7 series Pulsonic expecting that the new shaver would provide an even better shave - especially for the hefty price tag . The new system seems to shave a bit quicker , but would irritate a lot more and shave no where near as close . I could go two days with the old shaver before `` needing '' to shave again . With the new Pulsonic , I would need to shave everyday - bummer . After hoping for the best and allowing my face to adjust for 4 weeks , nothing changed . What a disappointment - I 've since returned the shaver under the 60 day money back guarantee . I 'm sticking with my old Braun - the grass is n't always greener ...
 I got this shaver for a Christmas gift from my fiance . I read all the reviews online and on Men 's Health and decided to get this instead of the Phillips.Let me start by saying that I have VERY sensitive skin.This razor did nothing like all the ads states . It was a rough shave . Had to go over my face numerous times and even dig the razor into the the neck to get at some whiskers.It left my face red and bumpy and my skins burned for hours after the shave.I ultimately returned it to Braun being very disappointed and now am searching for a new razor and looking at the new Phillips.I would NOT recommend this shaver to anyone-especially if you have a soft sensitive face and skin.Sorry Braun ... Sorry Amazon but I am just being very honest to try and help the other consumers who may look at this.Hope this helps ...
 I read the reviews , I 've had 4 or 5 electric razors over the years , and I was ready to pay for the best razor out there . This is n't it . I have an ultrasonic toothbrush and I really liked it . That 's why I tried this out.It still takes several passes to catch hairs , no different than my cheap electric razor and maybe not any better at all.The clipper on the side is at a 90 degree angle , meaning it 's hard to trim eyebrows or beards with it , or get under hairs that the razor misses.The LCD is nice for showing the battery level , but the hygiene one is B.S. . It just goes by the run time . I 'm sure they make money on the refills and that 's why it goes down so fast . I just rinse it with water and do the auto clean in the base once a week or so.I really wanted to like this thing , but I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this razor after my wife said I needed a new one . It cost $ 200 ! It does n't work any better than my 5-6 year old norelco , not to say that means it 's bad , just not any better . I 've needed to do little with the norelco except rinse it out under the tap . Never replaced original blade wheels even . The pulsonic wants to give me it `` hygiene '' and wants me to clean it when IT decides that 's needed . It goes through a little song and dance as it does so , with flashing lights and various sounds . You 'll also have to buy the hygiene solution about monthly , and it costs a lot more than tap water . I can not understand why any sane designer thinks this kind of crap -LRB- excuse my anglo-saxon -RRB- and also spoiling the relative purity of a quiet early morning with ` hygiene ' paranoia will appeal to anyone with much cortex left . There , I 'm feeling better .
 I bought this shaver because of the Braun name . It 's rubbish ! Not a close shave when it worked . And now the cleaning housing does not work . Do n't waste your money . I will stick with Panasonic for a better shave and longer life .
 Did a lot of research on this shaver and it seemed great . At first it was everything they promised . Great shaver with a good cleaning system . Mind you , I purchased this model specifically for the cleaning functionality.Fast forward 1 year later and everything turned bad . First , the cleaner . It would never go through an entire cleaning cycle , instead it would start cleaning by pumping the fluid into the chamber . Then after 5 minutes of activity it would stop making any noisy even though the LED clearly said cleaning . This process used to take longer than that . Worst of all when it was done cleaning there was still fluid and hair in the chamber ... . gross.I sent it in 3 times under warranty -LRB- paying shipping one way each time -RRB- and it was never fully fixed . Then the shaver was n't cutting as well as it used to ; it pulled out more hairs than it cut which was really painful . I went ahead and purchased a new cassette thinking the blades were dull , but it still did n't work well . If you read some of the reviews on the cassettes you can see plenty of users complaining of the shaver pulling hairs.Finally I tried contacting Braun customer service for help/replacement/anything , all they would say is to send it in . I 'm sorry but for a $ 250 + shaver I expect much more than that.Now I 've turned to the excellent Philips Norelco 1250 shaving system and it is great . No pulling hairs . Much better simpler cleaning system -LRB- it does n't use a pump -RRB- which hopefully means more reliability . I chose Philips because I have been using their sonicare toothbrushes for years and I trust the brand.Philips Norelco 1250xcc/42 SensoTouch 3d Electric Shaver with Jet Clean System , Black
 An otherwise decent shaver marred by poor customer service . I experienced a similar problem as many others have reported with the shaver 's paint peeling off from the painted rubber surface on the back of the shaver . This occurring despite the use of their Clean & Renew cartridges . One would think that Braun would recognize this as a design flaw and make good on its warranty . Call to Braun to review the concern . Customer service mentions to me by phone that the shaver is covered for a 3 year period ... one can not find any information easily on their warranty on-line . I send the package to one of their recommended repair centers in their e-mail ... paying the shipping charge and packaging it off to the repair center . Call a week later from the center asking for funds to continue as the shaver is 3 months out of the now `` 2 year '' warranty . Calls to Braun to discuss are essentially a waste of time ... their line is that even 1 day over the 2 year warranty gets them off the hook in terms of coverage . No one appears to have any recollection of saying 3 years ... pretty amazing . No avail to speak to a manager within customer service as they 'll repeat exactly the same line ... any day over 2 years voids the warranty . So now ... another $ 9 to ship the defective shaver back to the house . $ 14 of shipping back and forth and still a peeling paint shaver . My recommendation ... put your hard earned dollars towards a Panasonic !
 Base stops working right after 2 months of use . Braun wo n't just send replacement , advise you to mail it in for repairs -LRB- with original receipt -RRB- or take it to ` licensed service center -LRB- also with original receipt -RRB- . Complete pain . For a $ 200 + shaver they should just send replacement . Or it should n't break in the first place .
 WORSTE SHAVE YET ! I am a diehard Braun fan and have always loved Braun razors over norelco or any other brand , but this razor stinks . I have to keep going over and over my beard and then , the shave is still not great . My old Braun which is totally worn out and you have to hold the cord in to get a charge does a MUCH better job and the head is a few years old . THE WORSTE PARTabout the whole deal is this razor is NOT RETURNABLE TO AMAZON . I will try and call Braun tomorrow and raise heck about it , but have never had this sort of issue where you physicallyCA N'T return a $ 250 item . BAD BAD BAD customer service BAD BAD BAD razor ... Ratings are skewed based upon the fact that the consumer has a past experience and that past experienceis a HUGE part of what affects the rating . My past experience is that I have been a Braun guy for 20 years and this is definitely not a good one . I `` m hoping Braun will customer service me ... maybe I 'll return to this review and up the stars to two .
 Bought this shaver at the end of june 2009 and loved the way it shaves . I had an older , much less expensive Braun an it was falling apart after about 3 years . Because I like the way it shaved , I went for the upper end Braun . AS I said , I loved the shave from the pulsonic . After about 3 weeks it quit working like the on-off switch was bad . I tried to contact Braun and to see how I could get a replacement but the best info I could find was to send it to a Braun repair center . So now this very expensive , top of the line shaver is in a repair shop where they ordered a new `` board '' . I am most disappointed that I had to spend $ 9 more to send it off and I 'll be getting a repaired shaver that is less than a month old . Not what I would expect from one of the most successful shaver companies . I 'm sure I could have spent a few hours trying to get a better avenue from Braun if I wanted to invest the time . I really expected the repair shop to simply request a replacement for unit less than a month old . I 'm waiting for it to come back and hoping it will be fixed to where it does n't required more service .
 I bought this $ 200 + electric shaver after shaving with a blade for 20 + years . My wife commented that she did n't feel it shaved as close , but by evening it was obvious . I used it for 30 days just to make sure . It does fine on the cheecks , but the neck is a pain.After 30 days I went to return it . Good luck with the 800 number you call . Also , there is no information on the Braun website to help you return it . I had to call 4 times to get the address right to ship it back . Anyway , I am sending mine back . Is it a good electric razor , maybe ? But it is a dissappointment if you are use to shaving with a razor .
 I always buy the top of the line shavers from different companies and they all lasted for years with no problems . The only reason I replaced them was because the battery no longer took a charge . After 2 years of light use , the trimmer broke -LRB- it no longer was able to stay open -RRB- and the cleaning fluid dissolved the cheap silver sticker behind the shaver . This shaver shaves no closer than other brands that I have used in the past . The quality of construction is very poor . I would definitely not recommend this shaver to anyone . I have been using foil shavers for 25 years and will purchase a rotary shaver for the first time in my life because I thought this was the best foil shaver.Braun Series 7 - 790cc Pulsonic Shaver
 Too expensive for what you get as a product . This shaver does n't shave that well . For one thing it is too loud and does n't shave neck hair . I bought a norelco shaver and I like that one better but I guess its a personal choice .
 Item ... Braun Series7-790cc -LRB- 9595 -RRB- Pulsonic Shaver -LSB- ... -RSB- I have not used this item because the shaver would not allow itself to be seated in the charger . This is taking longer than anticipated because I am visually impaired.curtis Harper
 Do not order this item as a gift !!!!! Even if it is unopened you can not return it !! All over the Amazon web site it tells you how easy it is to return items butthey will not return this shaver .
 I 've had the Braun 790cc for over a year now . The shaver is OK , it does not shave ANY better than the cheapest Braun on the market , or a Philips for that matter . Absolutely no reason to buy . Way too expensive - the shaver as well as the replacement foil .
 I 've wet shaved all my life except when I was a teenager , and I 've always envied those who just grab an electric shaver , whisk it over their faces , and hit the door , so thought I 'd try it . The Braun scored highest in quality and satisfaction , so I got this shaver , the top of the line , and gave it a go . I decided to keep at it for several weeks , since it takes time for the beard to become used to a new way of shaving , but by the time my 30 days in which I could get a full refund were up , I sent it back . As another user noted , I had to shave every which way to get at all close , and my skin felt hot afterward . Finally I pulled out my old Gillette Trac III razor and shaving cream and did a comparison test . The Braun could n't hold a candle to the closeness and comfort afterward of a wet razor shave . So if you 're into electric shavers , this is probably the best on the market , but if you 're thinking of switching from wet shaving you might want to think again . The proof is in the feel of your face afterward , and there was really no comparison . I 'm back to blades for good .
 Amazon.com should be ASHAMED . I 'm sorry . I was a huge amazon.com fan until I needed to return this Braun Series 7 Top-of-the-line shaver `` new and unopened '' due to receiving an identical one as a gift . The invoice says `` Returns are easy '' . When I bring up the purchase on the website it says `` Click here for returns '' . BUT you CA N'T return it . No matter what . You trustingly click that purchase button and you 're STUCK WITH IT ! Certainly , used personal items ca n't be returned for obvious health reasons . But a new , unopened product this expensive with tamper proof packaging what has never been used that they wo n't even acknowledge is shameful and unacceptable . No warning on the invoice . No notice on your confirmation page before you purchase . Just a big fat expensive suprise ! Anywhere else I checked said they 'd gladly accept the return . Amazon wo n't . No reasoning , no explanation . Just sorry you 're out of luck . Thow it out or give it away , but do n't look at us . Unless you are brave or omniscient and know that you will never ever need to return it to amazon , buy it ANYWHERE ELSE BUT here at Amazon.com.Sorry Braun for the 1 star . I wish I could have given even less stars but it 's not your fault . Your Braun Series 7 - 790cc Pulsonic Shaver is fantastic and deserves 3.5 - 4 stars -LRB- the is no razor that shaves as close as a blade so none are perfect and none deserve 5 stars -- plus your alcohol based cleaning system that will run at least $ 75/year to use is overpriced and a rip off . Make it cheaper , especially after charging $ 290 for the razor . At least printer manufacturers realize they are ripping you off for the ink cartridges and practically give away their printers to rope you into spending money endlessly on their refills . The shaver works amazingly well compared to many others I 've used , it 's built well so far , and is easy to use . The cleaner does keep it clean and hygenic . It deserves 4 stars , minus 1/2 to 1 for the cleaner refill ripoff -LRB- $ 6-7 / mos for $ 0.50 worth of rubbing alcohol ? , which evaporates even if you do n't use it daily -RRB- with it 's unsitely cleaning unit that has to sit on your countertop forever due to the evaporating rubbing alcohol . The shaver is terrific though.Buy one , enjoy it , just DO N'T BUY IT FROM AMAZON no matter what you do because they WILL NOT have anything to do with returning it for ANY reason , whatsoever , no matter what ! The web site actually -LRB- literally -RRB- tells you to throw it away if you try to return it and when you email amazon.com they tell you to give it to someone else as a gift -LRB- verbatim -RRB- . So when you 're about to drop $ 200 - $ 300 dollars on this razor , spend it elsewhere where there is actual service and respect for you . Any other store will gladly accept it new and unopened -LRB- just as amazon promises but wo n't -RRB- if you decide you do n't want it , do n't need it , have two , etc. and refund you in full . Amazon WO N'T . You are STUCK WITH IT no matter what happens . It 's too expensive of an item to take the risk with amazon ... unless you have friends who are used to $ 250 gifts or a deserving trash man.Caveat Emptor
 Shaving is OK when it works but not as close as my previous Braun . When on the road , not using the cleaning system , the razor gets hot and auto shut-off after half shaving . I contacted Braun customer service -LRB- e-mail and phone -RRB- and got no support at all except the `` we are sorry you do n't enjoy ... '' There is a real technical problem and Braun refuses to even acknowledge it.Too late to return . I wasted $ 250 and Braun does not care at all . After 20 years of using Braun , I will switch to another brand .
 Buyer beware ! I purchased a Braun Activator 8595 Razor less than 2 years ago . I spent $ 170.00 on it in that course of time , I always use a pre-shave solution . Braun says they recommend not to use it , however all other brand razors have no issues with it . This razor is supposed to be stainless steel , apparently it is n't as this razor has been rusting . The service center without seeing it has doubted my claim , that it is virtually impossible , they say it may be discolored but not rust . As you know when something is rusty it is bumpy , not smooth . I have pictures to prove it , but mysteriously , Braun does not have an e-mail address that I can forward the pictues to . When I first spoke to Braun around 2/20/08 , they gave me this authorized service center name and number . I called it and the announcement said that the center was closed as the owner had an emergency appendectomy and would return calls when he returned , needless to say I called him on 2/28/08 , he never returned my call . He told me that I had to get an authorization number from Braun , he would n't be able to do anything for me as long as the razor worked also Braun does not give out authorization numbers . I guess they do not consider rusting a factor as part of their warranty . Between Braun and the `` authorized service center '' , they kept me going around in circles with phone calls . They told me that if it was covered under the warranty I would be all set , but if not ... then I am responsible for the repair charges . Since when is rust a cosmetic part of the razor that would not be covered by their warranty . I told them that I was never so disappointed with their customer service that I was trashing their razor and switching to Norelco . A reputable company would not allow a customer to feel this way and work with them on resolving the issue at hand . If you buy a Braun , you are making a big mistake !
 I have been using Braun shavers for over 7 years now . The last one was terrific and gave me a close shave every time . The cleaning station left the shaver feeling like new every time . This one lacks in comparison . The shaver took some getting used to , like all shavers do , but I still feel like the other one got me a closer shave and less irritated.My biggest gripe is the new cleaning station . Yeah , it looks cool , but it does not do it 's job . After a clean , when you pull out the shaver , you 'll notice the dock is covered with hair gunk/residue . It 's like its not properly draining into the cleaner cartridge.Braun needs to go back to selling their older models , the new ones are terrible . I think it 's time for me to find a new brand of shavers .
 It worked fine for 11 months . Went to shave and it was dead even though it had been charging for most of the day . I researched and found other people had same problem . I am dreading the hassle I know awaits me of trying to get this fixed . Sorry Braun , for years I used your products but $ 200 + for 11 months can by me a lot of disposable razors . Before buying read the reviews -LRB- 1 star and 2 star -RRB- to balance out the higher scores . I rated it highly too , at first .
 This is the 2nd Braun razor that we have had and both have had the cleaning stand stop working after about 13 months . The current one is `` under warranty '' but that means I have to take it to a service center that is out of my way and they will have it for an undetermined amount of time . And Braun customer service tells you that `` we would not expect this to happen again '' but are unwilling to extend the warranty . I have no doubt in another 13 months I will be buying a new razor since the stand will most likely break again and we will no longer have a warranty .
 I have owned Braun shavers before and have been fairly happy . This one works quite well also . However , the cleaning base is defective . After 4 months of use it could no longer recognize the refill cartridge sometimes and other times started cleaning without the razor inserted . It was unusable . I cleaned it to no avail . Here 's the rub . When I contacted Proctor & Gamble , the rep for Braun , I was basically told I had to jump through a thousand hoops to get it fixed . I 'm left with buying another charger and never buying a Braun product again . See their email to me below.Thanks for contacting Braun.We 're disappointed you had this experience with your cleaning stand since we make every effort to produce the finest products possible . We monitor every phase of production and continually re-evaluate and upgrade our systems to ensure we maintain our high quality standards . Please be assured your comments will be shared with the quality department.You will need to take your cleaning stand to any authorized Braun Service Center for repair . Unfortunately there is no service center located in your area you will to mail it to the service center listed below.C.S.E . Covina612 South Shoppers LaneCovina , CA 91723 -LRB-626-RRB-915-4935 Mart 's Appliance Service Ctr .743 E. Valley ParkwayEscondido , CA 92025 -LRB-760-RRB-745-7711 C.E.S. - Lake Forest22500 Muirlands Blvd. . Suite BLake Forest , CA 92630 -LRB-949-RRB-586-9440 We recommend you call the service center first to discuss your repair issue prior to mailing it there . You will need to find out from the service center if you will need to send the shaver as well as we recommend that you do send it in to them . Please include all system components originally packed with the unit at the time of purchase such as charging bases , cords , or cleaning centers . Do not include fluids of any type such as shaver cleaner cartridges . A note should accompany your product containing the following information : - Complete Name-Mailing Address including apt number or suite if applicable -LRB- no post office boxes please -RRB- - Contact phone number required-A brief explanation of the problem you 're experiencing with the product . - You also need to send a copy of your original sales receipt for proof of warranty.Please allow the Service Center two weeks to complete the repair , and also please take shipping time into consideration . Hope this information will be helpfulThank you for taking the time to contact us.Kenesha G.Braun Team .
 I wish I had read before I did . The shaver is not worth the money you spend if you have a tough beard . I do and I thought with the new `` technology '' promised , I would get a better shave than with my older electric shavers . I did not . Actually , my older Braun series 3 cuts closer and in much less time than this one does . The cleaning feature is very nice but not worth the extra $ 130 you spend on it from a lower series Braun.The main reason I wrote this review is to warn people that if you buy it and have a poor experience like I did YOU CAN NOT RETURN IT THROUGH AMAZON . Because this shaver comes with the cleaning fluid which is flamable , Amazon will not allow you to return it . You can return it to Braun within 60 days but you have to ship it to them in either GERMANY or AUSTRAILIA . The shipping charges are really high.So just be warned before you purchase .
 I bought this as a present for my husband . It is quite nice , but broke after 1 month of use -LRB- the ` lock ' button snapped off -RRB- . If you , like me , like to order from Amazon for the quick shopping & ease in return , you will have better luck going to your local department store to pick this up . Because of a tiny cartridge of cleaner , this only ships via ground package AND they will not allow you to return this . The latter is a BIG problem when a $ 200 razor breaks . I 'm disappointed that Amazon has not seemed to figure out that if the cleaner cartridge is not being returned that there is no issue with this being shipped . It seems very idiotic .
 I have actually purchased two of these in the past two years , and here are my summary conclusions : Pros : Very close shave , the best of any electric to dateCons : The first unit had a nasty habit of turning my face blue after use ... the center foil is blue , and it consistently bled onto my skin meaning I always had to use it pre-shower . If you let your beard get longer , it will pull some of the hairs out rather than cut -LRB- painful -RRB- . Lesson learned , make sure to shave with it every few days minimum.The tradeoff for being close is that this is the first and only electric that ever cut me or left painful skin abrasions . It was a consistent problem shaving right under my nose , trying to get those highest whiskers - it either cut or abraded there.Because of the above , I tossed it after 6 months and bought a panasonic , which started leaking oil everywhere . So , I bought another Bruan Pulsonic ... except this second unit started leaking oil like a sieve after one month . I am not up for shaving and having lubricating oil all over my face , so I am tossing this one and wo n't be coming back to the Pulsonic.Anyway , got a few nice shaves but overall felt it was a waste of money .
 This shaver does a great job . It is clean , efficient , overall I give the shaver itself a 5 star.However , once you use the shaver , you have to put it back into a plastic cleaning dock that cleans the shaving heads and recharges the battery.The fit of the shaver into the dock is so inadequate that the blue led on the shaver -LRB- the one that shows it is charging -RRB- sometimes flashes intermittently . -LRB- the dock does fantastic light shows while this happens ... -RRB- You start the cleaning cycle and the shaver vibrates away from the charging contacts . So the cleaning cycle stops . The only reliable way I can get it to clean is to hold the shaver into the dock for 19 minutes . Does n't that defeat the purpose of the electric shaver?Shaver is great . Cleaning system sucks .
 Just received the new Braun Series 7-7900cc Pulsonic Shaver via Amazon.The shaver locking mechanism fell apart on the side of the head , just hanging there , keeping me from using the cleaning base . When I contacted Braun Customer Service per the manual at 1-800-272-8611 I was informed me that their money back guarantee has been rescinded for defective products . This is in spite of that offer printed in the owner 's manual that I received.Their offer now is that , upon receipt of the defective Braun shaver , they will offer a customer credit in eight to ten weeks for future purchase of Braun products , but they are not in a position any more , due to a new policy change , to refund my money.I am irate that they will not stand behind their guarantee anymore on a product that I just received a day ago .
 I bought this after reading so many good reviews - and at $ 300 it MUST be good , right ? Well not if you have a relatively soft beard and face . It just leave behind way to many hairs - and never gets close to the skin - so my face still feels like stubble , right after I finish shaving . I even bought a New head -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- but still , just not good . I tried for 6 months - plenty of time for face to adjust . Still not a good shave . Really a disappointment . My old Panasonic razor -LRB- 5 years old now -RRB- is WAY better - at least for me and my face . And it was only 1/3 of the cost .
 Lasted only 3 years and 3 months and then DEAD.As a top of the range , leading edge shaver it did give a good shave . Bought it in March 2009 , the initial foil lasted till August 2010 -LRB- 17 months use -RRB- until the foil actually wore through and severely scratched my face without any warning . I replaced the foil with a Genuine Braun replacement head/foil at a cost of $ AUD95 . It then continued to work Ok.I found that the Braun Cleaning system clogs up and does not perform as you would expect . You have to regularly check that the hole that returns fluid back into the cleaner cartridge does not get blocked as mine did and there is no warning . This means that the Foil/head is not cleaned by the Braun Cleaning system and its expensive cleaning solution . I found I had to check if the foil/head is clean after using the Braun Cleaning system -LRB- after every 4 shaves -RRB- and found I had to manually clean/brush the foil more after completing the normal Cycle.The Shaver Display gave the warning that the Foil was due to be replaced soon after 18 months of use.Now after 3 years and 3 months of use , 39 Months -LRB- approx every 2-3 days -RRB- it has stopped working and will not operate on either Battery Mode or connected direct to AC power . The Display works and shows that the batteries are fully charged . Looks like it has gone to the `` high tech , early obsolescence '' graveyard.The previous shaver I had was also a Braun , lower in the product range and lasted 7 years but with only weekend use as I used blade razors during the week for a closer shave . The batteries stopped charging after about 5 years , but the razor still worked when connected direct to AC power.I have complained to Braun about the poor useful life of this product and am now waiting their response . I would not recommend this product to anyone unless Braun acknowledges they have a product reliability problem and replace it under a statutory `` Fit for Purpose '' warranty.If I do not get a satisfactory response from Braun and now have to purchase a new shaver after such a short product life , it will certainly not be a Braun due to this appalling service life .
 Recently the shaver began to stop running while shaving . By troubleshooting it I came to the conclusion that it would only run with a virtually fully charged battery , as indicated on the integrated battery meter . At or below the 80 % charge level it would cut out . It 's still under warranty , so I sent it in for service with a complete and detailed explanation of the problem . Braun 's service center has just sent me an email stating that they found nothing wrong with it and are returning it to me without repair . Buyer 's be aware that at least in my experience Braun does not honor the warranty . It does n't take a rocket scientist to tell when something fails . And , I went to the time and expense to ship it to them . So , I guess their two possible excuses for calling it OK are either I 'm an idiot and ca n't tell when something quits working , or that I 'm a liar . Even if they turned it on and it worked for a moment , there is no doubt that the `` symptoms '' I reported indicate a problem . A company with integrity would know what was most likely wrong and replace the likely defect part .
 I 've had this razor since Sept. 2007 . I do not receive a shave that is equal to the $ 200.00 + that I paid . Areas along the jaw-line and on my neck require many passes and it still may leave hairs . The repeated passes can cause skin irritation which is also unacceptable . On top of this if I get too close to my sideburns it has a tendency to rip 1 or 2 out . I thought the `` little fingers '' were supposed to raise close lying hairs so the cutters could cut them . This does n't happen for me . I 've tried `` electric shave '' and Remington 's shaving stick to reduce the irritation but neither has eleminated the problem.I do like the fact that you can rinse the razor , but this does n't count as a cleaning so you still have to use the cleaning unit . I also think the charge does n't last as long as other shavers I 've owned.In my opinion the razor is made from cheap material . An example is when pushing the button to release the head mine clicks really hard like its breaking . I 've noticed that only one side releases unless my finger is centered precisely on the button . Should n't be happening with something this expensive . Second example is my lock button broke last week . I can no longer lock the head . It was n't comforting to hear the guy at the Service Center say `` Wow , have n't heard of that happening before , I 'm not sure how to fix it , guess I 'll have to order a head from the company . '' Then he asked `` do you have another razor ? It 'll take 10-15 days to get the part from the company . '' I 'm heading overseas in a couple of weeks , I do n't think this razor is making the trip.Its pretty though , anyone that uses my bathroom usually comes out saying `` dang man that razor is awesome . '' If they only knew .
 I ordered this as a gift for a friend . He thought it is too complicated to use , also that it takes up too much `` real estate '' in the bathroom and asked me to return it . It is NOT RETURNABLE to Amazon because of the liquid cleaning agent included . I am struggling to find out from Braun how to return it . If you are not absolutely sure about this product do not order it . It may be a great product to some , but if you think you might need to return it DO N'T ORDER IT .
 Bought this shaver for myself for christmas because of all of the rave reviews about what a close shave it gets . I am not impressed at all . This shaver takes longer to shave with than a norelco and I have to use a regular razor to go back over area that this thing did n't get . Very displeased !!! Would not recommend
 I 've been extremely happy w / my prior Braun shavers so decided to spend a bit more to get a new , top of the line -LRB- at the time -RRB- model . Unfortunately this shaver is a big step back from my prior models in a number of ways . A quick summary of my experiences : Good : - shaves a bit quicker than my prior model - shave might be a bit closer - battery life is reasonableBad : - pop-up clipper broke w/in the first month of use - did n't have this problem initially , but shaver will lose contact w / charging base now during charge/clean cycle . This happens consistently and takes me three or more tries to get it to clean -LRB- if I 'm lucky -RRB- - PULLS HAIRS . If I go more than a day w / this razor -LRB- even 1.5 days -RRB- , the unit yanks some hairs instead of shaving , which is quite painful . Originally I thought it was though the foil , but I think it 's actually that hairs get caught between the side of the foil and the shaver body . Either way , it hurts . My prior shaver I could go twice as long between shaves and never had this problem.Overall this purchase was a bust . Not sure I 'll go to another brand , but I will definitely be looking at alternatives next time around . I gave it 2 stars because although it does a decent job shaving on most days , the issues are significant and unacceptable at this price point .
 I tried this shaver several times and I looked like I had n't shaved at all . If you have coarse dark hair this shaver is not for you .
 I 'm 27 and I 've been using Braun electric shavers almost daily since I started shaving my face , probably about 12 years ago . I tried Philips/Norelco wet shaving system once -LRB- Cool Skin -RRB- but I had to return it because my -LRB- apparently very sensitive -RRB- face was destroyed after just one use . My face ca n't stand razors either . I wanted to replace my four years old Braun Synchro , not because it was bad , but because I was fooled by advertising , and this shaver looked promising.Yes , the device looks nice , weighs less than my old Synchro , the movable foils seem a good thing at first , and the cleaning system looks much better -LRB- it 's still quite big , though -RRB- . But I was hugely disappointed after the first use
 From all the positive reviews here , I had high hopes that this razor would be my salvation from the hell that is shaving.Sadly , after two uses , it 's as disappointing as all electric shavers have always been on my beard.It missed everything ; I had to go over each area multiple times to get any palpable reduction in beard growth ; it took 3 times longer than a blade would have , and when all was said and done , my face still is not entirely smooth.Now , I realize that it takes a few weeks for ones face to get used to a new electric razor , but if the reviews here are to be trusted , I was meant to be blown away on the first use . To say I was underwhelmed is putting it mildly.I will give it 3 weeks to see if my experience changes , and if it does , I will certainly update this review , but as of right now , I am soooooo saddened by the failure of this product to live up to its promise.Granted I have the most awful beard from hell , but others here who gave this product a glowing review also claimed to have a permanent shadow before the Pulsonic came into their lives , so I was optimistic in my case as well.I hate , hate HATE shaving , and using a blade is torture -LRB- I ca n't even handle the chore every day -- I have to skip a day inbetween -RRB- ; however , blades work . Electrics , sadly , do n't . I feel duped!The design and engineering on this system are amazing , hence the `` two stars '' , but given that it is giving me such a poor shave , that 's actually too generous . Sigh ...
 I purchased this for my husband through Amazon in early June . By early August the shaver stopped charging . I am BUYING a new cord to see if this is the problem . If it is n't resolved , I 'll be calling Braun for a replacement because this is an expensive shaver . Seriously , I do n't want to deal with these issues when I pay a lot for an item .
 I bought this very expensiveBraun Series 7 - 790cc Pulsonic Shaverbecause of reviews like `` closest thing to a blade '' type hype . Do n't believe it . You dang sure are n't paying for a close shave . Sure , it 's self-cleaning , which means you have to fork out even more money per month to change the fluid cartridge , which makes it perpetually expensive . And I could n't believe their instructions
 After 8yrs with my Norelco i decided to try an upgrade . This razor was not as advertised for me . Foil does not get as close a shave as lift & cut for me . The product might be the answer for most but again not for me . My problem is now with Amazon . They WILL NOT take returns on this item . I have searched high and low on this page for that disclaimer . Nothing was indicated when finalizing the sale either . Buyer beware .
 I really thought it was a great shaver , but it is not . It wo n't cut every hair in my face as they said in the advertaisment . My 70 dls . Remington is alot better -LRB- Yes that is correct -RRB- . I am going to keep it just because I am not aloud to return it to amazon because it has the liquid and it is flammable -LRB- even though it is not open -RRB- . I like amazon but this time I got disapointed .
 I bought this shaver to replace an older Braun , not pulsonic . It shaved no closer than the old one and has a shorter battery life . I replaced it with the top Panasonic razor . Much better choice . Disappointed in Braun .
 Do not buy this item !!! I got it as a gift for someone and then realized he only uses straight razors . Now I am stuck with a very expensive paper weight with no way to return it for credit or cash !!! I wish I had noticed the return policy as it is generally my philosophy to never purchase items which can not be returned . If this were really such a great product , they would have no problem accepting and re-selling a returned , unopened box .
 While it worked , it provided an acceptable shave . It could never match my 10 year old Norelco for sideburn trimming . BUT IT BROKE IN LESS THAN 3 MONTHS . I 'll nver waste my money on a product from this company again .
 I have shaved my entire adult life using shaving cream and a razor . I was always happy with how close of a shave I got , but a razor sometmes leaves my skin irritated . I would shave one day , and not the next in order to give my face some healing time . When I saw the commercial for this product , I became really excited at the prospect of being able to shave every day while getting great results with every shave.BOY WAS I DISSAPOINTED ! This razor not only irritated my face WORSE than with a manual razor , it was the worst shave I ever had in my life . I follwed the instructions , and waited 2 weeks to allow my face to acclimate to the shave . It never happened . Thank goodness they have a 30 day money-back guarantee.If you think $ 250 is going to buy you a great shave with less irritation , think again .
 This is one of my first Amazon reviews . I love Amazon and spend a ton of money and get packages every day . However , this purchase was a BIG disappointment.I found this thing to either really do a terrible job or my face is different then everyone else 's . My shave was n't nearly as close after 3 + weeks of use and I spent much more time trying -LRB- but never succeeding -RRB- in getting a close neck shave . I cleaned daily and still ended up with pimples . Best of all , when they mean there are shipping restrictions for this product , it really means you ca n't send it back to Amazon.IF you are going to try this product , try it from a local retailer that will let you return the product when you do n't like it . Maybe my wife can use it on her legs because I went back to my mach4 razor .
 I had never owned an electric razor and decided to give this much lauded device a try . My hope was that I could get a close shave in less time than a razor and with less neck irritation . It took more time , irritated my neck more , and could n't get all the hairs on my neck no matter how long I spent trying .
 I broke from a 15 year habit of using 2 Norelco electrics , and bought the Braun . After giving it 4 months , it just did n't cut as well as my decade old Norelco . I did n't think that was possible , so I contacted customer service . They were fantastic ! They sent me a new cutterhead.I put on the new head , and immediately it cut closer . I thought my problems were solved , but after 3 weeks of using the new head , it started pulling my hair HARD . Every morning now it 's pulling my hair a dozen times during a shave , and it 's VERY painful . Went back to the old cutterhead , and it 's not pulling my hair , but I do n't get a smooth shave either.Don ' t know what I could be doing wrong . I 'm following every single one of their `` tips '' , and I 'm cleaning it after EVERY shave.This is a dud .
 Was so looking forward to `` upgrading '' my shaver and heard/read so many great things about this one . . First the shave is really not very good at all ... Maybe cuz I 've shaved with a rotary for 20 years or more , but I was not happy with this shave at all . The trimmer is not very good either and you can not see where to trim as the shaver head is so big it hides the trimmer . . The shave was rough and the head heated up and I do n't like that feeling on my skin . . I had to go over spots multiple times . The cleaning unit is huge too and seems to be just another plot to extract money from us for cleaning supplies ... I blew $ 200 on this ??? I 'm going back to the rotary . .
 Purchased june 15 2009 . Battery shot already , have to shave with cord attached . E-mailed company , no reply .
 I 've been using razors for years now but my skin had started to get sensitive along my neck so I decided I 'd give an electric razor a go again . I felt there was n't any point in cutting corners , if it 's something good it 's something you 'll be using every day for years - get the best . That 's what I thought I was getting for one of the highest rated electric razors on Amazon , one of the most expensive too.What I 'm left with is a razor that looks pretty but just does a terrible job . It ca n't seem to cut the hair on my neck , especially around my adam 's apple but it had no problem cutting my face twice during my three weeks of use . And I 've tried moving it every which way and pulling on the skin and everything else . End result is that moving it at a 90 degree angle against the skin with the skin pulled tight and moving against the grain , exactly like the manual says , the hair just stays there.So I 'm left to either have hairs still on my neck or pull out my old razor to finish the job . What 's the point ? To make matters worse it seems to leave my neck feeling worse than a regular blade.Pros : - It looks pretty - Trimmer works pretty darn goodCons : - Does n't seem to cut hair well - Cuts my face - Irritates the heck out of my neckAll in all this is a terrible product and when you couple it with the price of $ 200 it 's just a darn shame . Here 's to hoping I can get my money back somehow.EDIT
 Experiment FailedOne day , after using a regular `` old-fashion '' razor-blade shaving , I decided to try Braun shaver . Well , it is not like I never tried electrical shavers before . I 've had Phillips rotating-cutter shavers . Knowing for sure that none of tese electrical shavers could beat a razor blade -LRB- meaning that I did not even try to compare razor with electrics -RRB- , I was still quite disappointed with Braun product in comparison with other types of electrical shavers.Here are the problems : The foil seems to be having holes that are too small , so the hair -LRB- especially on under the chin , neck area -RRB- does not get caught into the foil , so the vibrating blade has nothing to cut . After shaving with Braun , I get many places on my face with this single uncaught hairs sticking here and there . It looks weird.The shaving takes forever and it requires many passes over the same area . I have to shave twice -LRB- ! -RRB- a day , otherwise my face looks like if I did not bother shaving at all.I should say , if I ever use electric shavers again , I will get a rotary-type . It will not be as smooth as a razor blade shaving , but at least , I would not have uncaught and uncut hairs on my face -RRB- .
 After reading some of the reviews I got excited and started to think this might be the holy grail of electric shavers . That wonderful piece of machinery that will free me from the shackles of the morning showers necessary to shave with a blade . Alas , I was mislead . The instructions tell me to give my face 2-3 weeks to get used to the electric shaver , but I surmise that this guideline is really meant to close the door to product returns as I am now stuck with this $ 220 knight in shining armor that slays dragons like a peasant boy . My face is no smoother than it was with any other electric shaver and have a 5pm shadow by 2pm . Do yourself a favor and spend $ 60 or less for something cheap if you 're going to use an electric shaver . I 'm going back to morning showers and a blade .
 After using many different brands of electric shaver I have concluded that none of them do what they claim - this one included . First of all the price is insane and we were insane to pay it . It does not shave any closer than by old norelco that is still alive and kicking . I have to virtually wear out my skin in order to achieve a smooth shave . The trimmer also stinks . Buy new parts for your old one and save the money .
 I 've had the unit about a year . My wall adapter just died this morning for no reason . I like the shaver , but am not looking forward to dealing with costumer service and 2-3 weeks to get a replacement that in the end -LRB- from what I 've read -RRB- I 'm going to have to pay for anyways . I might just use a 12v adapter I have for an old CD player . I do n't get it , wall mount power transformers are nothing new and are supposed to last pretty long . My god , I can still find junkers from the 60 's that still work fine and have been sitting outdoors for years . Braun should be ashamed for selling out to the cheapest bidder on very standard part ...
 YOU CAN NOT RETURN THIS SHAVER TO AMAZON FOR ANY REASON ! Braun Series 7 Shaver . I like Amazon and am a frequent buyer from this website and I will continue to buy from Amazon -- but not products you ca n't return . This shaver was given to me for a Christmas gift . I wanted to return it and the Amazon rep pointed out that because it has a FLAMMABLE cleaning cartridge they will not accept a return and she said it is stated clearly on the website . Well , it IS stated on the web page , but I would not say ` clearly . ' It is in small print below the copy describing the shaver . BUYER BEWARE .
 I 've gone through the gamut of electric razors - Braun , Panasonic , Norelco , etc. . I have had several Braun razors through the years , and decided to give this one a go . It worked great for the first few months . Then , the issues began . In a nutshell , the cleaning mechanism did not work . The razor would n't seat correctly , and the cleaning either would n't start or it stopped mid-cycle . I called Braun customer service , and got a major run around . I mailed it in to an authorized repair shop to determine the issues and get them fixed . They mailed it back , stating it was repaired and that there were issues with the connectors . It worked fine for about 2 weeks , and the same issues happened over and over again . Essentially , razor does n't register when inserted into the cleaning chamber . It wo n't run a complete cleaning cycle . I searched around to buy a replacement charging/cleaning stand - and they 're sold out or back-ordered everywhere . Which leads me to believe this is a known issue with this razor , and everyone is trying to replace the charging stands . Sad to say , I had this razor too long for a return to Amazon , and of course , the cleaning cartridges ca n't be returned at any point . For its price point , I expected so much more . I would n't recommend this one . I 'm sticking with Panasonic .
 I do NOT own this shaver , but before purchasing a Braun dry electric shaver , you may wish to read my review of the newest Panasonic Wet/Dry Shaver , the ES8109S , which I posted on November 1 , 2007 . Panasonics have consistently offered shavers that have quieter , faster motors -LRB- 13,000 RPMs -RRB- than Brauns . The best part of Panasonic shavers is that they allow you to shave with water and shaving foam or gel , which lends to a closer , more irritation free shave . If you have sensitive skin and are looking to make the switch to an electric shaver , or if you just want the best shave an electric can provide , I highly recommend a Panasonic Wet/Dry . You be the judge , but a least be informed .
 I bought the Braun 790cc thinking it was the best on the market . You see , I 've used blades for years but hate the amount of time it adds to my morning grooming . So my search for the best electric razor began . After getting the braun home I was in love with its build quality . You would think this was made by Apple it is so sturdy . Unfortunately , after my first shave with my new shiny razor I was n't too impressed . The cheeks and mandible was acceptable but my neck was really not good at all . After a week of shaving I had got better with controlling the razor but shaving took quite a while and I would need to make several passes to get all the stubble , and still there was some left on my neck that I would quickly clean up with my fusion proglide.Just for kicks I went out and bought the Norelco sensotouch 3d to compare and the results are interesting . First , the sensotouch is much easier to shave with since it conforms to your face as you move it from one part to the next and it takes fewer passes through the same area to get a clean shave thus greatly reducing the amount of time it takes to shave . -LRB- Quite honestly , I spend at most 1/2 the time shaving with the sensotouch as with the series 7 -RRB- It does n't shave as comfortably as the series 7 but I would hardly say it was uncomfortable and I experienced no irritation or redness.I really wanted to love the series 7 , thats why I bought it first ; but in the end , for the money , the Norelco sensotouch 3d does win out . The shave was just as close if not closer , easier , quieter , and faster.Sorry Braun , but you got beat !
 I have used Norelco rotaries for 10 years -LRB- 850RX and 975RX -RRB- and they did a decent job . Then I switched to the manual blade razors -LRB- Gillette mach 3 and the Fusion -RRB- for the past 12 years mainly for the close shave.My manual shave took me 20-25 minutes for a full clean shave . Stage one
 The good : - This shaver is relatively quiet . - The cleaning/charging system is very nice.The bad : - The price -LRB- $ 186.00 -RRB- . With a high price comes high expectations . - The shave . On my face , the shave is no better than the shave I got from my Remington MS 280 -LRB- about $ 40.00 -RRB- . It did n't seem like the `` pulsonic '' feature helped at all . On my neck , there were spots that I just could not get . I tried shaving in all sorts of directions , but I just could not get all of my neck closely shaved . Generally , it was good enough , but if I wanted to get a really close shave on my neck , I had to bust out the Remington . I saved the best for last
 I 've had this for a year and a half now . I was splurging on Christmas gift cards and thought expensive would mean good . When I first got it I was amazed . I 'm sure that 's why there 's so many great reviews . However over time I 've been very unhappy in the durability . The foil/blades wore out after 6 months . You ca n't find replacements in stores from what I found . I had to order a replacement online and have it overnighted while I was shaving with tape over the hole to protect my face . Keep your old razor guys for a back up . About one year into it the cleaning base does n't work well . The razor does n't contact it right and so does n't charge and clean . I 've tried everything to clean the contacts but it just wont sit in there right anymore . In order to use the base now I have to place it in until I find the sweet spot , then tape it in with some surgical tape . I do this about once every week or so . So much for all these liquid refills I 've got . These days it takes about as long to shave as it did with my old Norelco -LRB- which lasted three times as long and I replaced the blades only once -RRB- . So I guess the Braun 's blades are only good for about a year . The battery is not as good now . I get about 3 shaves out of a charge . It never ever did a very good job on the occasional long hair or 3 days growth . Now I think for the money it should 've been a much better experience . I can see now that the price is less than it was , but still too much if you ask me . I now think it 's gimmicky and over priced . Perhaps I just need new blades/foil now . But I 'm thru with it , and much wiser . I think I 'll try a Panasonic next .
 I have owned Braun Shavers before and have been impressed with their quality . This model is a lemon . After owning it just two months , the shaver head lock just fell off . This piece is plastic and is very cheap . The shaver was never dropped or abused . When you shaver breaks under the warranty period , you must ship it off to a service center -LRB- good luck finding one in your area -RRB- and wait 4-8 weeks for it to fixed and returned . This shaver cost almost 300 hundred dollars and Braun should be ashamed to have put their name on such a cheap product .
 My older Braun 8595 needed $ 30 worth of new cutting blades and foils , so being a typical dumb male , I decided to buy a new $ 215 Braun 9595 instead.Well , turns out that the 9595 provides the exact same shave quality as the 8595 , but is a bit noisier , with somewhat lower build quality , and with a goofier LCD display than the 8595 has.And the 9595 's packaging is an embarrassment -- it reminds me of Apple 's original iPod packaging , simply a terrible waste of paper and plastic.The 9595 's `` Pulsonic '' quality claims are meaningless . Believe me , it does n't provide any better or closer shave than its predecessor , the 8595 . I was foolish to purchase it.Its only improvement seems to be a `` quick clean '' setting on the cleaning base -- which seems to be the normal `` economical clean '' without the drying cycle . Big deal!Braun really relied on its marketing department for this 9595 design , instead of its engineering department . Bad Braun !! Buy the 8595 instead , save $ 100 !! Do n't get ` suckered ' by Braun 's advertising .
 My wife purchased this shaver for me . I had it two weeks whent the platic tab that immibilizes the shaving head broke off . I returned it to the retailer and they replaced it with a new one . A few days later the same part broke off the new one . I called Braun customer support - what a waste of time !!! I returnnd it to the retailer and they gave me a refund . I bought the Braun series 5 shaver for $ 100 less and I am thrilled with it . For $ 200 + , I did n't expect it to be so poorly made . Do n't waste your time on the series 7 - it is very expensive and made very poorly .
 I bought this shaver back in August when it came out . I was really interested in seeing how well it performed based on how happy everyone was with the product . I have owned quite a few Braun shavers and to be honest I really do n't care for this one . I have very soft skin so my beard comes in light at some parts under my neck . I just finished shaving and the shaver was actually running hot . I really wanted to like this product a lot but I guess it might work better on certain type of beards
 I upgraded to the 790cc over a year ago , and am currently on my third unit . But first the good points . Shaving is a dream , and even with my coarse , heavy stubble I get a nice smooth shave with no irritation and no stray hairs.On the cleaning side of things , however , this model has been nothing but a problem . I get flawless operation for about 4 - 6 months , and then the cleaning base mysteriously starts leaking whenever it is used . Given the cost of the cleaning cartridges , this is just unacceptable . Yes , it is on a flat , level surface . My latest unit just started leaking last week , which is what prompted this review . Fortunately , my wife works at a major home retailer for bedrooms , bathrooms , and other stuff -LRB- hint , hint -RRB- , so we 've been able to exchange it without problems . I suppose I could just keep doing so , but considering the cleaning unit is a major feature -LRB- and , presumably , justification for the expense -RRB- it 's frustrating to have such a short life expectancy.So , although the shaver works great , the cleaning unit is a complete disappointment .
 I have replaced with all new and cleaned the shaving head assembly many times over , yet this shaver does not collect the stubble hair in its head like razors are supposed to do . Instead , the Braun Series 7 - 790cc scatters the stubble all over your shirt . All my Norelco rotary razors always collected all of my whiskers internally to be put in the trash .
 I have been using Braun shaving systems since the mid 80 's . Completely satisfied until purchasing this system . Do not know whether this is due to P&G taking ownership , but they have definitely gone from a top of the line product to not worth the box it came in . My unit has been back for warranty service 4 times since purchase , and I have no confidence that it will last another 4 months . Do n't waste your money . . on this overpriced headache !!!!!
 I purchased the Braun Pulsonic System 9595 in March 2008 , and within the past week I 've had issues with the cleaning system . The shaver does not charge or clean , leading me to assume that the contact points the cleaning system uses to detect the razor are not working properly . If I leave the shaver stored in the cleaning system , it seems that the battery is drained . When I attempted to use the shaver this morning , it was completely dead , even though I only used it for approximately 5-10 minutes after the last complete charge . I also found that the shaver charges when the AC adaptor is plugged directly into the shaver.I decided to call Braun customer service , and they will very apologetic about my issue . They logged my issue in their system and asked me a few questions to better understand my problem . I was informed that I would have to send the shaver out for repairs at a local licensed service station . I was a little disappointed that I needed to involve a third party , but it seemed to be the only option . My next call was to local service center -LRB- only licensed repair shop ; not related to Braun -RRB- , and they informed me that they are only open 9-5 on Monday - Friday . Since I work full-time , it will be difficult to get to the service center . The service center also told me that normal repairs take about 4-5 days . What am I supposed to do without my shaver for about a week -LRB- if I 'm lucky -RRB- ? If I could use a regular razor , I 'd use that all of the time.Please keep in mind that I have been using Braun shavers for about 10 years , and this is the first issue that I have had with their products . I am disappointed that a $ 200 shaver does not work after 5 months of use . Other than this issue , I can not complain about the product . The shave is great compared to my older Braun model .
 Picked this up locally last night since I knew there was a chance I would n't like it and returning it would be easier that way . Had about 3 days of facial hair growth at the time . I tend to shave about every three days with my Gillette Fusion Power razor to prevent looking like I got in a fight with 6 wolverines in a paper bag , so this was a fairly apples-to-apples comparison . My goal was to find a shaving tool that would allow me to shave EVERY day . I figured it would n't be AS close as a razor , but it had to at least cut all the hairs and not let it look like I needed a shave when done.I followed the directions to the letter and was suprised how quickly I had a full charge . So , no washing of the face before , as instructed in the manual . I started shaving near my jawline by the sideburns and ear . Then I realized that I had some electric shaver pre-shave stuff and slapped some of that on . That did it 's usual job of lubricating my face and making the whiskers stand up from my face . I found that I had to go over every part of my face between 5-10 times to do a reasonable job and still had more than just a couple hairs that were still not cut . I tried using the `` LOCK '' button and shaving at an angle and it did n't help at all . So , I 'd say the performance was `` passable '' at the cheeks and jawline . That being said , the performance on the neck was abysmal . Even running over the same area at multiple angles left tons of hairs no matter what I did . I shaved against the grain , as instructed ... which did n't help . Needless to say , this sucker is going back and I will stick with my Fusion Power and shaving every three days for now . It 's a shame that I got a similar shaving experience with my Braun foil shaver in 1990 as I got with this ~ $ 300 tool in 2009 . Your mileage may vary .
 I was so excited to finally trade up my 7 year old workhorse the Braun 7505 to the latest Braun 7-790CC . But the 7-790CC is a complete joke ! I end up looking like a homeless guy on crack every time I use it . Or at least feeling like one . My hair is very coarse , and the skin is extremely sensitive so if I go over the same area too many times , my skin breaks up . With my old Braun , I only needed to go over the same area twice - up and down , and that was it . With this one , I does n't matter how many times I move it up and down , it will still leave spots of hair so I end up having to manually shave myself . I think it 's due to the top middle section that is not getting close enough to the skin , instead it creates a space from the actual blades . And compared to my older one where the middle section sits lower than the outer sections.The trimmer works mainly to trim my sideburns but if I want to trim the area around from the Adams apple to the chin , it 's hurts , and irritate the skin ... just like one of those cheap $ 19 trimmers . Not sure why they made the trimmer blade much smaller than my older one . It 's a breeze to trim the hair with the older Braun.Battery time compared to my older Braun is actually shorter !!! And my older Braun has a 7 year old battery.I bought it mainly because I trusted the brand , and read all of the reviews but I 'm suspecting that these reviews are either made by people hired by Braun 's marketing department , so called fake buyers . Or they are written by people with pretty much no facial hair -LRB- Leonardo Di Caprio , Johnny Depp types -RRB- , and not for people like myself and Sean Connery , Pierce Brosnan , and Santa Clause when he is not working.I promise you that Braun will soon improve the 7-790 shaver since the only good thing with it is the design .
 I have used Braun for over 35 years but this product coming out at 21st Century is the WORST ! I am very disappointed with this product which comes with a big price tag . I have a sensitive skin and after each use my skin gets extremely irritated and bumpy that I have to apply Hydrocortisone cream to soothe it . The trimmer is worthless and does not do the job . I have decided to go back to razors because I can shave with one stroke and I do not have to pass the shaver on and on many times and burn my skin with the heat . Adding salt to injury I have to use the Braun liquid to clean it each time with additional cost . I would NOT recommend this shaver to anyone . If you are able to test it before buying do it otherwise , either buy a cheaper one or just use the razor .
 The shaver runs hot and gives a mediocre shave at best compared to a good blade . What 's even worse is Amazon 's ludicrous return policy
 I have been using my Pulsonic for almost 2 months and I have yet to get a close shave with this razor . I bought this razor because of the new handy shape and cleaning system , but this is just not enough for over $ 200 dollars . It ; s not close after you shave and even worse an hour or two later . The Braun 360 did a better job but was too hard to hold and manuver . I have been a Braun user that has switched to Norelco.I just purchased a new Norelco Arcitec 1090 to replace it and had to eat the Braun razor because Braun only offers a 30 day money back guarantee . Norelco offers 60 days . My first shave with the Norelco was closer than any shave I got with the Pulsonic . If you buy the Pulsonic make a quick decision on whether you like paying for an inferior shave . The Norelco was easy to clean with warm tap water and required no addional expense.In the contest Between the Pulsonic and the Arcitec , I give 5 stars to the Norelco Arcitec .
 I recently purchased this new madel Braun razor . I have owned several Braun shavers before , most recently one of the 8000 series . The overall quality of this model is well below that of the 8000 series . The fit and finish is poor and the razor doesnt dock well with the base . It took three times for me to even get it to charge . I would suggest saving the extra $ 100 and going with the 8000 series .
 this razor was a dissapointment . commercials ... reviwes ... stats all sounded good . truth is the base in smelly and noisy , shaver heats up fast and kinda bruns your skin . the floating head was nice the shave was no good . i use to have a panasonic and replaced it with this ... not good . i went back and bought a new panasonic model . so i shaved with the braun and still had stubble in some areas ... went over the stubble with my new panasonic and wooosh ... GONE !!! so please do yourself a favor ... buy a panasonic !!
 I wanted to buy my husband the very best shaver available , and at more than $ 200 this was supposed to be it . I read all the reviews and most of them were positive . I gave it to him for Christmas and we found that it just does n't give the kind of close shave one would expect . His $ 10 Mach III razor shaves closer . Plus the cleaning function is LOUD .
 I have an average beard , and this razor did a great job on my actual face . The problem was that it just would n't pick up the hairs under my jaw and on my neck , even after a month . I finally returned the razor to Braun since I kept having to shave with a regular razor afterwards anyway . Most people seem to have a positive experience , so I would still recommend others try it . I was just one of the few for which it did n't work so well .
 This is probably the first bad real bad review I have ever given anything in my life . Like everyone else , I read the many 5 star reviews this latest Braun got and decided to purchase it . I was very patient with it , used it for a solid 2 month but didnt like it at all . I have now gone back to using my older Braun , the 7526 which still works a lot better than the 9595 model for me.-If you are not shaving daily which I never do , it can be very uncomfortable , the razor pulls hairs all the time , and simply misses a lot too.-If you have a goatee or something you are trimming around , the way this razor is designed it makes it difficult.-This a very loud razor , not just for cleaning which I can deal with , but when you are using it.-Really the only nice to have was the LCD.-I ca n't believe I paid $ 225 for this , at least Braun gave me a refund when I shipped it back to them .
 I had looked forward to this shaver , but it does not shave my beard well , and has also cut my face as well as caused me severe razor burn . After reading many reviews on here , i felt this was the best shaver available , but after two weeks of use , i find myself extremely disappointed in this product . Braun has a great reputation in their electric shavers , but from my perspective they missed on this one .
 The shaver is a good shaver but there are better cheaper shavers out there like the Panasonic models . I used the older model braun 6550 before . Nothing has improved since then in terms of providing a better shave but some things have gotten worse :1 . This braun requires regular cartridge refills . Cleaning the braun 6550 was never hard and it never got that dirty . The new cleaning system is n't an advantage . It does n't save you any time because in the end you will waste time buying refill cartridges . The cartridges are just a way for braun to make money off consumers . The cartridges do n't last long . It appears that the braun has been programmed to require a new cartridge after a certain number of shaves .2 . The spring in the trimmer mechanism stopped working after about 1 year of use whereas the 6550 still has no problems and I have had it for over 10 years .3 . Its expensive.Overall I would say that my decision to by the braun was the wrong decision . It appears based on reviews that Panasonic makes a better shaver . I would check them out . But I would never buy the Panasonic model with the cleaning system . STAY AWAYS FROM SELF-CLEANING SHAVERS . They are a waste of money .
 I 've used this shaver for about six months now . Overall , I 'm rather unsatisfied if the price and consumable costs are ignored , and very unsatisfied with the unit once these costs are considered . I 'm willing to spend money if the unit works , but this one just does n't work as well as shavers at half the cost.The shave quality - Fair at best . It shaves most whiskers pretty well , but those random thicker hairs just seem to avoid this shaver entirely . I can go over the same section of my face five times trying to get a single hair and this shaver just ca n't get it . Why ? It 's strange that the majority of my face feels clean shaven , but there are those stray whiskers that just refuse to allow this shaver to take them down . I REGULARLY break out my older -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- shaver to clean up what this expensive shaver just ca n't get . Why does my 4 year old shaver -LRB- also a Braun -RRB- with a one year old cutter work MUCH better than this relatively new unit?The cleanup - The cleaning unit is a mixed bag . It 's nice to just drop it in and press a button , but it just seems stupid . It alwasy feels and smells clean and fresh , but those cartridges will cost you about $ 6 each and they only last for a month or two . After using it for a while , you may realize how silly it is and wish you had gotten a cheaper and more reasonable shaver . Cleaning an electric razor is almost a non-issue , so having this giant cleaning unit that consumes disposable cartriges is just stupid . What is the environmental cost of every man using this shaver and throwing away those used cartridges every 40-60 days?Build quality - Pretty good . The shaver itself feels sturdy . The pop-up trimmer is awkward to use because of the angle it comes out at . The head shows significant wear already on the plastic areas because the cleaning fluid is eating away at it . How could they build a cleaning system that seems to slowly destroy the shaver itself?My advice - look at other shavers . Braun makes some good products but this is n't one of them .
 After reading tons of reviews -LRB- majority good -RRB- I bought this for my husband for his birthday . He 's in the military so he shaves every day . I had high hopes that this would be the answer to outrageously priced razor cartridges , but I 'm sorry to say that it was n't . :-LRB- It looks beautiful ... no complaints about the design or noise level , it just does n't give him a close enough shave . He has given it a few weeks , as the product packaging suggests , but it 's no better than before . I will be looking into returning it to the manufacturer .
 I have never found an electric razor that works that well , a close shave , and this one is not that much different . The clean and recharge system it great .
 Beware of reviews which rate this product after using it for a short period of time . The razor itself works well , very close shave , on all lengths of hair . But in time things fall apart.The construction is VERY flimsy . In the first week that I owned it , the lock that keeps the swivel head in place broke , permanently . Yes , it was under warranty and I could have exchanged it then , but I needed to travel , and it did n't seem `` that '' big of a deal . It 's been annoying , but it does n't affect the shave.Now , a year on , the trimmer , which is meant to pop up when needed , and then snap back into place when you are not using it , is in a permanent `` up '' position and will not close . This means that the blades are vibrating and eating up more battery juice , causing users to charge more often.I hate it when plastic is made to look like metal and does n't perform in even the simplest manner ! I think the entire device will likely begin to disintegrate in a few more months.Braun should take care with the construction and give it the same attention that they give to the actual cutting edges.Final analysis
 I bought this shaver from Amazon in November , 2009 . Today it died . When I turn it on , the switch light is on , but the shaver does n't come on . I bought it because I saw so many positive reviews here ! It does give a decent shave -LRB- except under my chin -RRB- , but it makes a big mess with hairs everywhere . have to shave above the sink all the time !
 The Braun Pulsonic is just like any other electric shaver out there ... the self cleaning feature is nice ... but I wish I had purchased a cheaper razor because the quality of shave is no better than the Norelco shavers at less than 1/2 the price .
 NON-RETURNABLE . Do n't miss the fine print . If you are buying this as a gift , you better be sure the recipient wants it . It is loud and vibrates a lot . If you decide you do n't want it , then you CAN NOT return it . Buyer beware !
 In nearly every review one reads about shavers and razors , people tell you that you should try the product for at least 30 days to let your skin and hairs adjust . And that your shave will improve . I have an especially thick and heavy beard and always go for the best my money can buy -- so after my Panasonic failed , I tried this one , the Braun 790cc . Initially , the shave was awful . After 45 days , not only was the shave still awful , but the shaver stopped communicating with the charging/cleaning base so neither function was possible anymore.So , deciding I gave this product a very fair trial period , and giving up on electric shavers in general , I ordered a safety razor -LRB- and supplies -RRB- . Then , I contacted Amazon only to find that because the cleaning solution is a hazadarous material , it is impossible for the shaver to be returned.And 45 days is past the typical 30 day maximum return period anyways.Of note , a paid quite a lot for this now-gimped shaver -LRB- that I 'm now stuck with -RRB- , however the price has DOUBLED since I bought it less than 2 months ago!So buyer beware . You can not simply `` try '' this shaver . Once you 've bought it , it 's yours . If it does n't shave well , you 're stuck with it . Enjoy.Pros
 I have been using Remington shavers for years and decided to step up to a better product ... so I thought . This Braun seems put together well , runs great , and the cleaning operation seemed to work well but left a little residue on the screen . That being said this product does n't shave as well as my old Remington and cost 3 times as much so I will be going back . The Remington is also better at cleaning up any longer growth and trimming neck lines etc. . I found that the Braun was ok in flat areas like the cheek but lacked in the neck area , the ability to actually shave if you have let your hair grow for several days , and just getting a close shave .
 At first this shaver worked well . However , the blades dulled quickly , the battery died , and the trimmer broke off the shaver . A Braun authorized repair company fixed the trimmer but claimed the battery was fine - notwithstanding the fact that the battery dies mid-shave unless I plug the shaver into an outlet . Given the price , the quality control is unacceptable . I would never buy this shaver again .
 I ca n't imagine why this razor gets the high reviews it does . It takes me 10-15 minutes to shave with it . I have normal hair and have never had a problem with shaving . OK , it cleans ... great . As far as a razor is concerned , it 's only adequate .
 This shaver performs like it 's worth 20 but costs over 200 . That 's funny because the PocketGo should be worth 100 but is under 20It takes 7 min to shave a 3/5 with the Pulsonic.It takes 10 min to shave a 4/5 with the PocketGo.Do the math.Better yet , go to wegotbetterdeals and buy the sleeper hit of the decade
 I liked my old Norelco better ! This new Braun takes me 3-4x as long to shave my face . Many hairs simply do not get touched and I have to make 5-6 passes ... very frustrating . For being as expensive as it is , this shaver should cut close and do it reasonably fast . Every shave is an act of frustration .
 I had a Braun Series 5 for about 5 years and it did a great job , so when it quit working I `` upgraded '' to the Series 7 . What a mistake . This things does nothing very well and costs much more . It pulls hair , does n't shave close and the postion of the trimmer makes it very difficult to see what you are doing . Avoid this shaver .
 Bought new Braun series 7 - 790 cc lasted 45 days . The shave wasok but not the best but when it quit working I followed directions and sent it back and never heard another word from them.Try and call some one from Braun and all you get is pre recorded messages no people!and no satifaction with poor customer reliabilty . will not buy again that is even if I get my money back . poor poor beware they do not care about you .
 First , I should point out that I 'm not an electric shaver type of guy . Every time I bought one -LRB- typically the cheap $ 50 kind in a Target store -RRB- , it irritated my skin and did n't get a close shave , and so I would return it . I love manual razors , I can get every whisker , and I generally can do it without cuts . The problem is that it does hurt , if minimally , and I thought why not give electrics one more try.Second , I have thick facial hair . I do n't let it grow more than 5 days because by then the stubble gets unbearably itchy and I do n't like how I look with a beard or mustache . This may be true of most faces -LRB- what do I know -RRB- , but my facial hair also grows in different directions . For instance , hair on my face is pretty simple -LRB- grows down -RRB- but hair on my neck generally grows diagonally down away from the chin -LRB- with some fun exceptions that take a few rubs of the fingertips to figure out the best angle to shave at those trouble spots -RRB- . I also lift my chin to get my neck skin taught to shave , and around the jawline I sometimes like to tilt my head up or down to move my jawbone a few inches underneath my skin so I have a hard surface to shave my jawline against -LRB- makes it easier to use less pressure and thus not cut myself -RRB- . Again , manual razors do the trick relatively easily -LRB- now that I know which direction to shave on different parts of my face -RRB- although I 'd prefer to avoid the minimal discomfort that comes with a manual . WHICH IS TO SAY , i have no doubt that your experience with this razor may be much more positive if your do n't get much facial hair.Enter the Braun Series 7 - 790cc . I decided , hey , if I 'm going to really give this a shot , I should get the best , and , let 's face it , everyone on the internet seems to be falling over themselves to point out how perfect this shaver is compared to its competition -LRB- generally people seem to agree that foil shavers are superior to rotary , particularly for more coarse hair , and that dry shavers are better than one 's for the shower -- and this has been claimed by many to be the best dry foil shaver on the market by far -RRB- . I also read up on the art of electric shaving , including the importance of a dry face -LRB- yes , I tried Lectric Shave liquid a few times , as some recommend to dry the face -RRB- , the possible value of showering first and then drying your face before shaving , using the shaver well over a month to allow your face to adjust to it , doing the trouble spots first -LRB- in my case below my jawline -RRB- before the shaver head gets warm and thus more irritating to the skin , and pulling skin taught where necessary during shaving.THE GENERAL PROBLEM WITH THIS SHAVER -- for me at least , given my facial hair type -- is that it shaves my face perfectly but , starting just above the jaw line , it misses a large number of long hairs . Imagine , if you will , a nearly perfect shave -LRB- my god it does my cheeks and mustache like it got waxed or something , that was kind of awesome -RRB- on my whole face , except there are 50 or so longish hairs in random spots starting just above my jaw line and continuing down my neck . It looks absolutely ridiculous ! Believe me , I ran the shaver over those bad boys in every way I could think , every angle , every pressure , multiple times . I even took a tweezer to try to pull those hairs away from my skin to see if the shaver would then have an easier time catching them , all to no avail.So ultimately every time I used that shaver I 'd have to do a follow-up shave with a manual shaver . Granted , that follow-up manual shave went so smoothly , quickly , and painlessly that I could tell the electric had done most of the work , but is n't it silly to spend so much time with the electric -LRB- almost as much time as a manual -RRB- , then lather up your face right afterwords and do yet another shave with a manual , thus doubling my shave time?I really REALLY wish there was a way to make the shave less close . I know that sounds completely idiotic , but , remember , in my case having a close shave on most of my face but not in random spots looks silly . I 'd trade that bizarre look in easily for a less close shave that was at least even . I mean , if I could go from Day5-level stubble back to even Day2 or Day3-level stubble , I 'd go for it -LRB- I 'm not in a profession where I need to be cleanly shaven every morning -RRB- . Funny thing is that I read online that the U.S. version of this shaver is the old version in parts of Asia -LRB- Japan I think ? -RRB- where the newer version -LRB- in black -RRB- has three closeness-levels for shaving . So perhaps if that version ever hits the U.S. market , the level that will leave stubble will allow for a more even shave -LRB- if not necessarily perfectly close to the skin -RRB- . Okay , on to the pluses -LRB- although if you had the experience I had , I 'm sure you 're regretting buying this -RRB- . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It 's a wiz on the upper part of my face -LRB- cheeks and mustache -RRB- , and I literally mean as close as a manual . Why would I only shave my upper part of my face and not my neck and jawline though is beyond me . The only upside I suppose is if you prefer the look of stubble everywhere but your mustache -- in which case this is a very expensive but excellent way to get rid of just your mustache hair in a fast , painless process . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It 's pretty ! I know that sounds stupid , but I like electronics . This thing is just gorgeous -LRB- I got this one , the one with the black-ish sides and back , not the one with the grey sides and back -RRB- . It feels good in your hand , beautifully designed on the exterior , and the cleaning system is fun and easy to use.IN CONCLUSION , this is probably an awesome product for SOME people , depending on your facial hair type . But I ca n't imagine I 'm the only one who has had this problem of getting a clean shave on top and an awful shave on the neck and jaw , which is why I was surprised I could n't find anyone else saying this in their user reviews before I bought this . Hopefully this review will at least give you a head 's up that this is not a one-shaver-fits-all-faces product .
 I concur with many of the reviews that say this shaver does not provide a close shave . It is very expensive , but does seem very well made . I will only use it for travel and will rely on a blade and shaving cream when at home .
 I was sold on the Hype on this new Braun shaver and bought one thru Amazon . It was rather pricy but looks impressive and the cleaning process is very convenient . But , when it comes to doing the job it does n't compare with the Braun Syncro which is about half the price and does a much better job in less time than the Pulsor . After shaving with the Pulsor I frequently use my older Syncro Braun which is needed if I want a close shave . So I 'm telling myself , just because its new its not better.So I am about to retire the $ 200 plus Pulsor and go back to my old Syncro.So much for my $ 200 lesson . My advice is buy a Braun Syncro you 'll be glad you did !!!
 To start with , I will start with Amazon . This item can not be returned because it has `` flammable '' material . Pretty lame considering I can empty the liquid and send it back . Will be _ very _ careful from now on in buying anything from amazon . My local store takes it back , and I wish I had bought it there to try it out . Very disappointed . If you just want to `` try '' this shaver -LRB- which is probably 90 % of the folks -RRB- , do NOT , I repeat , do NOT buy from amazon . ** Edit ** I just remembered that I had searched the entire page for `` return '' and did not find it . Now there is a note which says it can not be returned . Now I am even more pissed off with amazon . This is just clearly a way to make people pay . Shame on Amazon.Now onto the product . First off , I am an Indian guy , with a pretty hard beard and very quick growth.I HATE to shave , and I would pay anything to get a shaver that shaves my beard well and saves me the agony of shaving with a regular blade . I have tried 3 shavers before , but they ended not shaving correctly or having my skin peeling . I was hoping this is `` the one '' , but unfortunately , not . I am writing this review to help out the folks who have a hard beard and skin which is a little sensitive . There were a lot of informative reviews , but I didnt find any reviews that gave me much information.Let me start with the positives .1 . Much better on my skin . I dont have too sensitive skin -LRB- a lil sensitive , all right but not too much -RRB- , but other shavers I had tried tended to peel the top layer of my skin . I dont mean bleed , I mean just peel , but it was slightly painful and itchy . This one did not ever peel my skin , and I pushed hard .2 . Has the cleaning mechanism , which is AWESOME . I loved it , and I so wish I could use this shaver . Oh well , one day . I am allowed to hope . Maybe Braun will address the Asian/Persian hard beard market someday .3 . For what it did shave , it was closer than any blade I have shaved with . Felt awesome to have such a super close shave . Also better than the Panasonics and Norelco 's I have tried before . Doesnt peel my skin , and cuts close.The bad1 . I have go go over the same areas multiple times . It is pretty clean in the end , but some hair is still left over on my cheeks and chin , one hair here , one hair there . I tried different techniques , but it just might be the direction of my growth which is kinda weird . Goes in all directions . So I have to finish up with a blade . Beats the purpose . Its only a `` few '' hair , but still . .2 . Neck hair . I dont understand why , with all the technology , none of the shavers can do neck hair . it is just painful going over the neck over and over again , and then doing it with the regular blade with my neck stubble . This was one of the deal breakers for me . My neck was red at the end of a shave and sensitive . And I had to do it with the blade in the end . Why is it so hard to do ? 3 . If you press too hard to get a close shave , you might get breakouts . I got it after every shave I did.Hope this helps everyone else . And again , if you want to `` try '' this shaver , do NOT , I repeat , do NOT buy from amazon .
 I hate shaving with a blade and would pay a lot for an electric razor that would give as close of a shave . Unfortunately , the Braun 9595 , while certainly a good electric razor , does n't match the closeness of a blade . With my previous electric razor , I would use it and then shave with a blade for maximum closeness , which I was hoping to avoid with this one . Between the over $ 200 price of the blade on top of buying the monthly cleaning cartridges , it 's just not worth it .
 I bought one of these about 18 months ago . So far I have had it repaired twice and at this point , I am on Amazon looking to replace it as it is now not functioning again . I have been using electric shavers for almost 20 years and will never buy a Braun product again .
 I purchased this based on positive reviews , however I am now convinced many of those reviews are suspect . After a year 's use I have concluded this is an overpriced piece of junk . The closeness of the shave is poor at best , and it does a terrible job of shaving under the nose . The cleaning station lights have completely stopped working , and the pivoting head lock for under the nose shaving no longer works . Save your money and look at other manufacturers .
 I have a tough beard and this razor just did n't cut it . For the price you would think it could handle all types of beards . I ended up giving it to my nephew .
 I really wanted to like this shaver , especially given the price . Unfortunately , it is the worst shaver I have ever used . It simply does not shave close at all . I should have stuck with my Braun 7680 and just replaced the cutter and foil block .
 I HAVE USED ELECTRIC RAZORS FOR LAST 20 YEARS AND AT THIS POINT HAVE CONTACTED BRAUN WITH 30 DAY RETURN POLICY IF DISSATISFIED.BRAUN ASKED ME TO TRY ANOTHER HEAD , WHICH RECEIVED AND TRIED , THE RAZOR SEEMS TO BITE AND PULL BEARD WHILE NOT GIVING ALL THAT CLOSE OF A SHAVE.I SAID THAT I WOULD CONTINUE TO USE FOR SEVEN MORE DAYS AS REQUESTED BUT STILL HAVE DOUBTS AT THIS WRITING.R.E . POPE
 My Braun 7526 model , after 8 years , is starting to die down on me . So I came here to read reviews on other models , and was pretty hyped up about all the positive reviews of the pulsonic model . I ordered it , looked great and took it for a test drive.Well , I was very disappointed . It really did n't provide the closeness that everyone claimed it does . It left quite a lot of stubble and long hairs on my face . I thought , well , maybe I need an adjustment period , but day after day the same thing.Finally , I decided to use my old braun after shaving with the pulsonic and I could n't believe how much hair my older model started clearing off my face . I could hear the blades cutting all the hair the newer model had left behind!Well , needless to say , I have returned the product back to Braun for a refund . I am still using my older model and have decided to just order the same one again . Very big disappointment on what was supposed to be this great new technology .
 This razor worked great until it broke 5 months after purchase , this is when the problems started . Pretty much Braun does n't stand by there product and out sources their servicing to appliance service companies . Customer service pretty much does n't care . To make a long story short , after 6 weeks of waiting and many phone calls , I was sent a razor WITH HAIR IN IT , after being told I was going to be sent a new one buy customer service . I called and after some `` investigation '' they claim they sent me back my razor , only problem is I had thoroughly cleaned my razor before bringing it to the service center . I was told maybe there was hair in it you did n't get or from the testing they did on the razor -LRB- meaning their service centers do n't clean the testing equipment -RRB- . I called up customer service and was told to take it up with the service center.Meanwhile , i have been shaving with a $ 60 Norleco that I purchased about 4 years ago -LRB- that broke and was replaced with no problems -RRB- . FOR THE COST OF THE PRODUCT THE SERVICE WHEN IT FAILS IS HORRIBLE ! BEWARE !
 First I been buying Braun Electric Shavers for over 10 years and never had a problem till now . When I received the 790CC shaver -LRB- Braun 's best and most expensive -RRB- back in March 2009 , I was very pleased with it . But now 6 months later I found while shaving -LRB- plug or Cordless -RRB- IT SHUTS OFF DURING THE SHAVE !!! At first I though it needed cleaning but it did it after being cleaned . Right now I 'm using a manual blades to shave because the shaver shuts off constantly . Not sure if this is a bug in there system or Amazon got a bad a batch of shavers from Braun.Jay G
 I have the 9595 Pulsonic model for more than a year . I may have rushed too early to buy it , and the design flaws I see may have been fixed by now ... I have been using Braun shavers for over 30 years , so my experience with this one is terribly disappointing . Here are the design flaws I see : * The contacts at the back do not make good contact with the charging/cleaning base . When the shaver starts the cleaning cycle , quite often the contacts separate , and both cleaning and charging stop in the middle , leaving the shaver soaked in the cleaning fluid . * The beard trimmer simply fell off after about 5 months . * There is a bad contact inside the shaver that randomly stops it in mid shave . This never manifests itself when I take it to the lab -LRB- of course ... -RRB- I think that the engine is simply too powerful for the rest of the shaver and base.The shaver shaves well , but is hard to clean without the base , and the base is just plain bad design.I 'm really at a loss what shaver to get now . Is this model indicative of the quality level of Braun shavers these days ?
 I bought this to replace a low-end Braun shaver that is about 20 years old . I wasted my money . This does not shave any closer than my old shaver , so for all the so-called technological advances in terms of pivoting head and dual foils , and all the bells and whistles , etc. , nothing has been gained in performance . Furthermore , this shaver tugs hairs from time to time if you do n't go really slowly . I 'll grant that it 's quieter , which is nice , but that 's the only improvement I 'm seeing .
 I 'm giving this a one-star due to the fact that I did n't like it enough to return it . Here are some of the positives/negatives to help you decide : Positive :1 . Good , fast shave on hairs all going in one direction -LRB- the hairs on my neck swirl a bit and it shaved this very poorly because you have to hit the hairs at the correct upstream angle -RRB- .2 . Unit does not get hot while working3 . Good battery life -LRB- true of all new electrics -RRB- 4 . Head swivels so it is easy to keep unit in contact with faceNegatives :1 . HUGE footprint of the cleaning/recharging unit -- it is so large that unless you have a 200 sq foot bathroom with tons of counter space , you will not want it on your counter .2 . No better shave than any other norelco or braun , which can be purchased at a significantly lower price3 . Pulsonic in my opinion is a gimmick -- probably does nothing to improve the shave4 . Cleaning solution is expensive -- one of the major advantages -LRB- besides comfort -RRB- of an electric is the cost over time , but with having to buy the cleaning solution , this is eliminated , plus it is one more `` thing '' to buy . I 've used norelco and braun and have just rinsed them in the sink which is sufficient -- my current norelco is over 5 yrs old . Why does a shaver have to be perfectly clean ?? I think a quick rinse is fine with me .5 . The small cut hairs fall all over the counter ... as opposed to my norelco where most of the hairs are inside the unit until I rinse them out . So the Braun was much messier .
 I purchased a Braun Pulsonic Shaver on 11-24-07 . The shave it provided was equal to a non-pulsonic shaver . On 6-1-08 it broke . I called their Service Dept. and requested that they send me a new razor . They said that was not possible and to send it to their approved warranty service shop . I sent it in on 6-4-08 . On 7-3-08 I called the shop and they said that they were still waiting for parts from Braun . I called Braun and they said that they were not responsible for the delivery of parts . BRAUN DOES NOT TAKE CARE OF THEIR CUSTOMERS . THE BRAUN PULSONIC IS A GOOD PRODUCT IF IT DOES NOT BREAK . BUY ONE AT YOUR OWN RISK .
 This shaver only does a good job if I literally shave every day . If I skip a day or two -LRB- which I often do -RRB- , then forget it ... it will miss half of the hair it goes over with each pass meaning I have to make 10 + passes with my skin pulled taut on every part of my face making sure I try passing in different directions and with the razor held just right before there 's even a chance that I 'll have gotten everything . Even then I 'll find some missed hairs that I have to go back with the beard trimmer or my manual razor and tackle.It ends up taking twice as long to shave with this than with my Mach 3 , and again often times I just end up doing a touch up with the Mach 3 after spending way too long with the Pulsonic 9595 . So really this razor only conveniences me in the least when I 'm shaving daily which I do n't really care to do since my beard comes in pretty light and slow and I can pass the light scruff look for a day or two between shaves.Oh , also the stupid cleaning fluid sensor has been telling me it 's ` low ' since about the second time I cleaned it , and has told me a few times now that it 's empty despite the fact that when I remove the fluid canister , it 's still over half full . It will not self-clean when it thinks it 's empty so I have to tilt it forward to fool the sensor , then hit the button while it 's fooled , and then put it back on the counter.What a waste of money this was !
 I 've owned two electrics razors , both Norelco 's . Norelco # 2 , a 6-year old top of the line 8894XL , was starting to have trouble holding a charge , so I decided to buy a Braun 790cc because of its good reviews , Big mistake . The Braun is a quality razor that looks good and feels great . It did a good job on my face , but a terrible job on my neck . I was very careful to follow the instructions in the Braun user guide to make sure I was n't the problem , but there was nothing I could do to get a decent shave on my neck.After three weeks of trying , I called the 800 number you have to call to return the razor . I thought they 'd ask me why I wanted to return the razor and maybe suggest something new to try . Wrong again . I reached a recorded message that , after some of the usual voice mail exercises , spit out return instructions at something just short of the speed of light . After spitting out the message , the recording then abruptly hung up ; no dial ` * ' option to repeat the message . The recording did n't bother to spell words that could easily be misspelled , such as Genco , Jenco , or Gen. Co. . After lots of redials and some Internet detective work , I think I got the return address right . I 'm not at all sure that was Braun 's intention . I did eventually receive my refund within the expected timeframeSince I still needed a razor , I ordered my second choice , a Norelco 1090x . I finally got it right . This thing does a great job on both my face and neck , It 's not baby smooth , but it 's in the ballpark . Now my wife does n't have to complain about the Braun cleaning thing sitting on the counter all the time -LRB- I did n't like it either -RRB- and I do n't have to spend $ 7 a month to buy cleaning refills . The Norelco did got a little warm for a while , but that stopped after a few weeks . Other than that , it 's easily the best electric razor I 've owned .
 I have owned this shaver for over 21/2 years and have had problems with base contact and shaver while cleaning ; have to move shaver to make contact . Shaver position Lock never worked properly and developed crack in shaver head holder housing . I have had to replace shaving heads too many times . I now trying the Panasonic ES-LA93-K Arc IV
 I 've used Braun shavers exclusively for about 25 years . And , until now , was very happy with them . This one just does n't shave very well for me . I 've used it now for a few months hoping it would improve but it has n't . Even if I make a concerted effort to get a close shave I can feel , and see , stubble - mostly around my lips . I can remove that leftover stubble easily with my older Braun Contour 5790 shaver . I had an even older model Braun with a dead battery but I plugged that in to see and it can also easily remove the stubble left behind by the Pulsonic.I talked to a service rep thinking mine must be faulty but they said that was very unlikely . It seems the Pulsonic -LRB- and its predecessor -RRB- have a completely redesigned cutting system and it just does n't work well for my whiskers . I do n't think they 're unusual but I guess so - perhaps they lay flatter than most - I have no idea.It does a great job on my thinner neck hairs which the previous shavers did n't do great on . And , I love the feel of the Pulsonic , the sound , and the cleaning system . But , when my five o'clock shadow appears at noon I really miss my old shaver . I 've given this one plenty of time - I 'll be looking to purchase something else soon .
 Okay folks - I have never written a review before , but always read them before I made any purchases . First , let me say that I have sensitive skin , and always hated shaving . I have used a Norelco shaver -LRB- top of the line models -RRB- for over 15 years and got what I would consider a fair/good shave . I would n't say that I loved the Norelcos , but they always did the job . After having my same shaver stolen twice by airport personnel from my suitcase over the past 3 months , I decided now was the time to try something new . My brother had just purchased this razor and RAVED about it.As with all shavers , there is an adjustment period which I dealth with . With each day , the shaving never got any better and I tried everything -LRB- holding it differently , locking the head , etc. -RRB- Every time I shaved , my face had more cuts than the last time , skin got red , and I barely removed any facial hair !!! Finally after 4 weeks of using this thing , I returned it to the store and went with a Norelco Artica shaver . Yes , the shaver looked great , and the cleaning chamber was a plus , etc. ... But it never did what it was supposed to . . It never shaved my face well ! With that said , not every face is designed for this shaver.Again , my brother loves it , and I know my review wo n't persuade you , but I do want to give you a non-subjective piece of criticism - I travel often for periods of a week and found that this shaver does NOT keep as long of a charge as the Norelco 's . In addition , within 4 days , the `` Hygeine meter '' was maxed out indicating it needed a cleaning . While you can clean it with regular water , it never resets itself until you put it back in the cleaning pod . I just found that to be annoying.Good luck with your shaving endeavors . While I was expecting a ` break in period ' with the Artica , it never happened ! I have never recieved a better shave with any previous Norelco razor and would compare the new shave to a straight edge !
 EDITI originally gave this razor 5 starsReview added July 11 , 2008Pros :1 . I was very impressed with the closeness of the shave , better than Norelco .2 . I could shave in half the time than before . A real plus .3 . Cleaning was more convenient.If I scored the shaver on closeness and speed , it would get 5 stars.Cons :1 . If I let my beard grow more than a couple of days , the Braun ca n't cut longer whiskers . Have to trim using my wife 's razor .2 . The cleaning system is not as thorough as I first reported . Getting the head clean is a real chore as it ca n't be disassembled . The cleaning system still leaves every crick & cranny full of soggy whisker powder . Washing with hot water and even 409 ca n't dislodge the stuff . The cleaning cartridges last about 2 months and cost $ 11 for two . And yes , I have used them as they reportedly have a lubricant , which seems justified . That 's about $ 30/year .3 . The Foil broke after 8 months ! Braun states the foil and cutter cassette should be good for about 18 months . The break was inside the cassette not the shaving surface . I 'm not a rambunctious shaver .4 . The original cost plus cleaner divided by 8 -LRB- months -RRB- is about $ 30 a month so far !! This is damned costly shaving and I still have to buy a foil/cutter cassette to keep using the pulsonic ! 5 . Replacing the cassette is $ 37 through Amazon , $ 40 + locally if you can find one!Had I known how expensive this shaver would be to use and maintain , I would have stuck with the Norelco , regardless how close and fast the shave.Original ReviewI 've used Norelco shavers for 25 years and never really had an issue with them . I had read somewhere that foil shavers irritate some people . Razor blade shavers leave my face a bloody mess no matter how careful I am . So , I just stuck with Norelco as they did an adequate job . Shaving is something I have to do , not want to do . An autopilot , ho hum , every morning , chore.However , when the batteries started dying on my last Norelco after only 5 years , the other models have lasted much longer , I decided to try something else . My sons have been telling me for years how much they liked the Braun and they did n't find them irritating.When I started looking at Braun , I discovered the Pulsonic uses the same technology as the Sonicare toothbrush , which I like . The ratings looked good but yikes , the cost ! I debated with myself about this a couple of days then decided , hey , Christmas was right around the corner , and I have been a good boy , plus Amazon would keep me out of the Christmas crowds and shipping was free . My time has to be worth something , right?Less than a week later , I shaved one side of my face with the Norelco -LRB- the blades are only a couple of months old -RRB- and the other with the Pulsonic and asked my wife which side was smoother . She chose the Pulsonic side , which did n't surprise me because it felt much closer to me also . I 've also been pleasantly surprised to find shaving does n't take as long as it did with the Norelco ! After three weeks , I could n't be more pleased . The Pulsonic shaves much closer than the Norelco AND shaves faster . I ca n't speak for other Braun models , but I would certainly recommend the Pulsonic . OK , maybe I 'm still trying to justify the cost , but cleaning is thorough and could n't be more easy ; something I often neglected with the Norelco .
 I have used Braun shavers for over 15 years and I have loved them . Until now . After 4 years of great service my 7500 series Braun broke . With a track record like that , I was definitely buying another Braun.I figured a razor is something I should spend extra on since I use it every day , so I bought the very pricey 9595 . I have come to regret it . It became clear early on that this one was n't as good as the one that it replaced . After 3 months of daily use , I 'm very frustrated and rather angry . - Noise . The pulsonic razor is really noisy . Much noisier than the 7500 series . - Recharger/cleaner is very poorly designed . Rather than using a direct plug in connection , it has contacts on the razor and on the base that need to line up . This works until the razor starts cleaning , vibrating the razor . This causes it to lose connection and stop working . It normally takes four tries to get it to complete a cleaning cycle . There is no correct way to insert the shaver to guarantee it will complete cleaning cycle . - Less information is less information . The old 7500 series told me how long the shave took and how much charge in minutes were left . The 9500 series has cell phone type bars for power and hygene , no read out on time taken to shave . After using this razor for 3 months , I think they removed the time taken to shave feature for a reason . - Takes too long to get all the missed spots . It takes 50 % longer to get a good shave than with the 7500 series . - Excessive packaging . Packaging has no influence on those of us who buy through the Web , but I will note the packing is excessive and wasteful . - Gimmicky . I have noticed no benefits of `` sonic '' over a regular electric razor.After another time consuming shave and three attempts to get the razor to clean itself , I called customer service . They were n't very nice and wanted me to ship the charger to another city . Thanks for nothing.I have gone from a loyal Braun customer to someone who will never buy another Braun -LRB- or Proctor and Gamble marketed -RRB- electronic product.Update
 As a satisfied owner of the Braun Activator series I was eager to try the new Pulsonic after I read the mostly rave reviews about it from other users . I reasoned that if the Activator shave was very , very good , the Pulsonic would be excellent , so I choked down my revulsion to the astronomical price -LRB- $ 253 incl . tax even at Wal-Mart ! -RRB- and gave it a try . The shave it gave was good , but as far as I could tell it was no real improvement over the Activator in terms of its closeness or the time it took to achieve good results . -LRB- In fact , it may have taken me longer to shave as I found that the noise was so loud from the Pulsonic vibrations that I could n't really hear the sound of the hairs being shaved and so probably went over the same area several times just to make sure ! -RRB- The only real plus I saw vs. the Activator was that it seemed to cause a little less irritation . Ultimately , I decided that I had paid too much in proportion to the benefit received and returned the razor .
 Braun , a company built on design to solve customer problems , appears to have lost their way with the Pulsonic systems . Until now , I 've aways been a fan of their `` function-dictates-form '' method , however in this product things went sub-par . It 's an okay shave . As with any electric shaver , you have to repeat areas , to get that `` closer than a blade , '' look . What gets me is , for $ 200 + , I expect something significantly better from my Braun 5775 and it 's not . I spend no less time when using the 9595 , but there are spots on my face -LRB- e.g. under the lower lip , below the cheekbones -RRB- that the 5775 seems to pick up faster . While `` Pulsonic Technology '' -LRB- i.e. faster oscillations -RRB- works slightly better in most areas , there are a few areas where it significantly underperforms.The shaving cartridge now combines the foil and the cutter , which you ca n't easily clean due to the design . Thus , you need the cleaning system provided by the 9595 's base . However , you still want to clean the cartridge as the hair , etc. lands in the cleaning fluid . Over time , the pretty blue cleaning fluid becomes a disgusting gray , creating a gooey mass . Is it safe to dump fluid ? -LRB- I wish Braun had said if it was . -RRB- It 's possible that the faster oscillations required the integration of the cutter and foil , but it 's also possible Braun wanted to sell an expensive base and the cleaning solution cartridges - now there selling two kinds of `` blades '' for their `` razor . `` The base looks nice , however , Braun opted to use the same power plug system they have been using for years . It 's a black cord with the AC to DC transformer connected to the wall-plug . You 've just paid $ 200 + dollars for a pretty white shaving system and then you have this ugly black cord with a huge transformer sticking out of the wall . For $ 200 + , there could have been a transformer in the base of the 9595 system . On the plus side , when I have to get the spots that my 9595 missed with 5775 , I can use the same power cord.Being a gadget geek , my office with its computers and electronic gear , looks like a swarm of fireflies when I turn off the lights . Personally , I 'd rather it just be dark . I wish electronics vendors would dump the gratuitous LEDs . I am not going to be using the 9595 in the dark , and I do not need a blue LED -LRB- on the shaver -RRB- and two green LEDs -LRB- on the base -RRB- . The shaver have an LCD display in the base , why have mutiple informational interfaces?Finally , why , after paying a ransom , does this shaver not have a replaceable battery ? Lithium-ion batteries will wear out after a few years . The marketing copy on the cartridges which claims the system is like new when you replace the cleaning cartridge is overlooking the expensive cutter/foil $ 36 , the cleaning cartridges 2 for $ 10 and , finally , the battery.Adding insult to injury , after a year without replacing the cartridge , the base would no longer do the brief `` econo clean . '' It was as if the system was passively aggressively insisting I replace the cartridge . And , after replacing the cartridge , the system again would do the `` econo clean . '' That 's not a feature , that 's a nuisance.Since my 5775 was a quarter the cost of the 9595 and that the Braun brand is a strong one , I expected more . It 's a good shaver , but the value this shaver gives is not worth the cost . I fear I fell into the hype of `` Pulsonic Technology . ''
 I am using the shaver now for 4 months . The shaver itself works very well . I like especially the cleaning station which leaves the shaver in top condition and completely clean from the inside . I am wondering however if the daily charging that comes with each cleaning is not draining the capacity of the battery more rapidly . I hope the charger is a trickle charger . The cleaning solution lasts for almost exactly one month , also as advertised.Ok , so why am I giving this unit only 1 star ? Because the power adapter failed me after 4 months and the rigid service system Braun has behind its products is not acceptable by a long shot . The $ 215 shaver comes with a 2 year warranty that covers parts like these . Unlike many other companies who sent you a new replacement/exchange part in a matter of 2-3 business days after asking a few questions on the phone , Braun gives you the run-around . First you need to call the central service line , where your concern is simply noted . You are then forwarded to a local/regional service center that actually needs to looks at the unit . These are little shops to which Braun has outsourced the actual repair . No big thing I thought . By connecting the power adapter directly to the shaver it became clear right away that the power adapter was broken -LRB- no blinking of segments -RRB- . In my case my closest service center was in Woodland Hills with the encouraging name `` Speedy Appliances '' . Luckily I decided to not follow the advice of the central Braun service to send the entire unit including shaver to that location . Instead I drove the 15 miles down there on a sunny morning , hoping I could leave with a new adapter . Sure enough the staff there determined in 1 minute that the unit was indeed broken and that this would we a warranty case . Without looking anywhere in his store he said that he would need to order the adapter . It turned out that that it would take about 2-3 weeks and that the adapter would first need to be shipped to his store and then he would ship it to my address adding another few days to it . There was no way that the unit could be drop shipped directly to me . When calling the central Braun line the next business day asking them if this of-the-shelf adapter could not be shipped directly , I got the same `` we are not flexible '' approach . Any warranty part needs to go out to the service center first . Alternatively I could order the unit also directly from the parts center in which case it would ship directly to me , but I also would need to pay for everything.Afterwards I called the parts line directly to see out of curiosity what the power adapter costs and how long it takes them to ship to me
 I purchased the Braun series 790 cc -LRB- 9595 -RRB- on November 14th . Within less than a month , the shaver stopped working . Blue power light is on , display indicates it has power , but shaver will not turn on at all . Called Braun ; they suggested I return it -LRB- at my cost -RRB- and they will refund me the purchase price of the shaver . I told them I wanted a replacement ; they do n't do that , bring to a service center -LRB- no locations nearby -RRB- or return it for a refund . Wow , that is some answer . Do they really think I would then consider purchasing a replacement with their refund or that I would ever again buy a Braun ? For an item that cost over $ 200 and that I 've had for less than a month , this is inexcusable . Customer service extremely uninterested .
 Braun Series 7 - 790cc -LRB- 9595 -RRB- Pulsonic ShaverThis was too much money for the quality of shave I 'm getting . I switched from a Norelco that I had since 2003 and am pretty disappointed . To be fair I 've given the razor about two weeks to get used to my face , yet I still am not getting a close shave . If I shave at 5AM , I look like I need to shave again at 10AM and my beard is n't that thick . The best advice I can give is save the money and buy a 40-50 dollar shaver . I would return it , but it would be like returning a pair of underwear after wearing them .
 I have been using electric razors for 17 years now and I typically buy a new one every two to three years , to see what advances have been made in the technology . I have been using norelco all my life , but my wife was complaining about leaving little hairs all around , so I decided to try the more established braun cleaning system.Big mistake . I got the razor and it seemed ok at first . It cleaned successfully a few times , but by the third or fourth time the cleaning system stopped responding to the razor altogether . If it does n't light up with some status , there is no way to make the cleaning system turn on , so it is entirely wasted.I should have just returned the product within the 30 days that they allow you to , but I made the next mistake of trying to go through braun customer service . They told me to send just the cleaning system to a service center . I sent that in and waited around . Finally , after a bunch more phone calls , they said I had to send the razor in also , which I did . Eventually , the service center sent both back to me , saying they could n't solve the problem . So I called braun again , and they said to send them just the cleaning system . I pointed out that clearly the problem could be with the razor , since the razor needs to make contact with the system , but they did n't care to listen to that . They sent me a new cleaning system , but it experienced exactly the same problem again . When I called back again , they refused to replace the razor . They said I would have to send it to a service center again . Having already paid shipping to send the products around 3 times , and bought more cleaning fluid to replace what had by now evaporated , I decided it was time to stop wasting my money . I 'm just going back to norelco , which both makes good products and has good service.If you ignore the cleaning system , the braun razor itself seems basically ok , but there is no reason to prefer it to norelco .
 I got the Braun 9595 as a present for Christmas 2009 , so I 've used it for about 30 mo. . It works -LRB- worked -RRB- very well . It gave me a close shave without irritation . I would rinse the head of the shaver under the tap to clean most days and use the base to charge and clean about 2 times a week . After about 12 months I started to notice a fog would happen inside the clear window of the meter . I thought nothing of it because the razor was still working normally . After 18 months , the meter stopped working but again , it did n't effect the performance of the shaving so I stuck it out . Right around the same time a spring in the flip up trimmer became dislodged and it would not stay shut . Again , I did not use this feature often , so I wrapped some electric tape around it and continued use . Then this past week it stopped working all together . I assumed the battery had gone dead . I did some research online and thought I might be able to replace the battery with relative ease and not have to buy a new $ 200 + shaver . So I decided to open the casing and did not like what I saw . The entire inside was corroded and rusty . One battery connector on the back of the unit broke free where it was corroded through . The black backing was stained green from the corrosion and the screws that hold the casing together were rusted . When I opened the case , I found many of the metal parts on the inside were rusted and circuit board had an area that was fried from corrosion . I have pictures I have shared to show you what it looks like . I contacted Braun via e-mail and have not heard a response after 5 days . It is no longer under warrantee , however it does claim to be `` waterproof '' and I had higher expectations for a $ 200 + , top of line , best money can buy shaver .
 I bought this Braun shaver because I have never owned a really nice , high end electric shaver before . I have always used a Remington with good luck ; they are durable , reliable , inexpensive , and provide a good but not great shave . I bought this Braun exactly two years ago . I was thrilled with it . I cleaned it every week and did everything the manufacturer asked me to do to keep it in fine working order . I do n't even use it all that much -LRB- M-Th only for about 5 minutes at a time -RRB- Low-and-behold I went to use it this past Monday morning and it was DEAD as a doornail . The charge station is working fine , but the motor inside the shaver is not functioning - not even a click . I expect something this expensive -LRB- I paid well over 250 for it -RRB- to last for many years . Two years !!!! I could have purchased a new Remington every six months and still saved a bundle . Now I have to struggle with sending this to a repair center so THEY can rip me off too . It worked great while it worked . I think I will just throw it out and go buy a Remington instead . Save your money and look elsewhere this shaver is a POS !
 This is the worst shaver I have ever had . Next time , if I want to spend my money , I will get a Philips b/c I had to shave my face 8 times and even that I do n't fell smooth in my face .
 There are only three reasons to buy an electric razor
 I 've never been more disappointed in a big brand item ! My husband had used it about 6 times when it started to rattle and shake like a # 10 on the Richter Scale . We thought perhaps the head was broken because it ran fine with the head off . So ... we put out more big bucks and bought a new head for the already new razor . Same thing . I could find no one who could fix it . I finally sent it to a manufacturer who promptly returned it without even looking . Finally I found an address for the `` big cheese '' mother company and sent it there . After hearing nothing for nearly 8 months , I got a letter saying that they were sorry and if I sent a mailing address -LRB- not po box as was on return label -RRB- they would send me a new razor . Have n't heard from them again !!!!!!!! It 's been well over 6 months . A lesson well learned about Braun products ... do n't buy any more !
 Lots of foam , very little gel sandwiched inbetween the foam . Much too firm to serve the purpose of a gell cushion , ie , distribute weight and relive pressure spots .
 This cushion is too thick and the gel part seems to be a circular bubble right in the middle and when placed on the wheelchair seat tended to roll me toward the back rather uncomfortably .
 The item 's cover is NOT removeable for machine washing . The foam filling is defective , it breaks apart .
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 Not certain if we received a faulty unit . Best of performance was 20 foot range through a single wall . Worst of performance was no response to pendant . At times the unit speakers would buzz and had to cycle power to resolve . Amazon return policy was good .
 It 's a rotten deal that they have taken out the one element that made it great and useful to many of us.No they put benadryl in in it , rather than phenyltoloxamine citrate . It 's all such a scam for the drug companies benefit not the consumer .
 Lots of foam , very little gel sandwiched inbetween the foam . Much too firm to serve the purpose of a gell cushion , ie , distribute weight and relive pressure spots .
 This cushion is too thick and the gel part seems to be a circular bubble right in the middle and when placed on the wheelchair seat tended to roll me toward the back rather uncomfortably .
 The item 's cover is NOT removeable for machine washing . The foam filling is defective , it breaks apart .
 This is NOT the original formulation as stated . I ordered 6 bottles based on statement that it contained the original ingredient Phenyltoloxamine Citrate ; it DOES NOT -- it has diphenhydramine -LRB- Benadryl -RRB- . It 's bad enough that you can no longer find the original , but to falsely advertise the original , only to ship the `` replacement '' is worse . I want to know why we can no longer get it -- is replacement ingredient cheaper -LRB- if so , not passing that savings on -RRB- , did another company buy out the original and decide to `` tinker '' -- what ??? Anyway , buyer beware !
 FYI - This product has been bought out by the Tylenol people . I had taken the `` original '' Percogesic for over 35 years . A few months back I purchased this product unknowing that it had been bought out by Tylenol . The analgesic ingredient in this product is tylenol and benadryl - which can be found under numerous other brand names . The original product contained an analgesic called phenylotoxamine citrate - which is not benadryl . This product is the only thing that will get rid of a headache for me and menstrual cramps back in the day . Thankfully one can still locate this product under generic names such as Aceta-Gesic -LRB- mfg by Rugby -RRB- and others . I now buy this product at a locally owned pharmacy . Shame on Tylenol for changing the entire use for this product as an analgesic to a sleep-aid .
 The box shown in the ad calls it original percogesic and does not show diphenhydramine on the box . That is why i ordered it . What i received is the newer product that contains diphenhydramine in place of phenyltoloxamine which is the one that works best to enhance the pain fighting ability of the Tylenol . Disappointing , but i have found a home for the newer product .
 Unfortunately the company has taken out phenyltoloxamine from this product and replaced it with diphenhydramine -LRB- Benadryll -RRB- , which does n't work as well at all . However , phenytoloxamine and acetaminophen tablets ARE still available and fully legal . The brand name I found them under is Phenylgesic , and they have them at drugsdepot.com which is a legitimate old online pharmacy , look up the reviews . Hope this helps everyone .
 Used to be a good product that worked well -- now is just tylenol and diphenhydramine -LRB- benedryl -RRB- . Save yourself lots of money by buying the cheapest generic acetominophen -LRB- tylenol -RRB- and the cheapest generic dypehenhydromine and taking that . Does n't work as well as the original Percogesic but this Percogesic does n't work so well anymore either . Too bad they ruined it .
 The protein is great but the taste is horrible . You can mix with anything and you wo n't be able to change the taste . I would buy more if the company does not add so much salt and improve the taste
 As a frequent airline traveler , I strive for relaxation . Do n't expect to find comfort in this product . This is cotton . Look for silk and something with low pressure on your face , but that blocks all light .
 I wanted to try this sleep mask because its soft , fleecy , cozy construction sounded appealing . I found the mask too bulky , making it very difficult to position comfortably for side-sleeping . It also was n't particularly comfortable even when flat on my back . I had ordered a `` Sweet Dreams '' mask at the same time which worked much better for me -LRB- thinner construction made it easy to use for side-sleeping -RRB- . I 've since purchased the `` Twilight '' -LRB- also a thinner design -RRB- which is even more comfortable and room darkening for me .
 I bought this thinking that for $ 30 this must be a really special sleep mask . It 's so big and obtrusive that I ca n't sleep on my stomach or even my side with this thing wrapped around my head . It 's too thick . I 'm going to send this back and stick with my $ 3.00 sleep mask from Target !
 SINCE I ORDERED THE CHINESE LETTERED ONE AND THEY DELETED IT AFTER I WROTE A REVIEW INFORMING PEOPLE THAT YOU DONT RECEIVE A LAMP BUT JUST A LAMP COVER I AM GOING TO WRITE THIS ON EVERY PAPER LAMP COVER THAT THEY OFFERYOU JUST RECEIVE A LAMP COVER !!! NOT A LAMP !!!
 Had this item for about 4 months . Seams started opening and that was the end of this item . Very disappointing .
 I bought the product a 2 years ago , when the back tires were still the typethat have air and you have to pump up . Had some problems pumping them up dueto the proximity of spokes to the nozzle . Other people must have had same problem so now tires are solid , which is great except they cost an arm and a leg to replace - about the same price as whole chair.Invacare cust service was extremely UN-HELPFUL and would give me no break on the new tires , even though it was bad design in the first place . Will NEVER buy an Invacare product again .
 I use the product as part of a cylce as per the instruction . I did see any results do n't waste your money
 I succumbed to promises of easy interior windshield cleaning and low price . . Big Mistake . Once on line I fell for the offer of a second unit free -LRB- just shipping and handling . . which turned out to be $ 13.98 -RRB- My order finally arrived . . short one of the promised small spray bottles . . no big deal , just a sloppy marketer.Then the debacle began . A couple days ago I got a second , UNORDERED shipment . I immediately checked my charge card account and found that I was double dipped . . a second charge for $ 23.98 . My charge card showed the seller to be `` TEL * WINDSHIELD WONDER 800-777-4034 NJ '' . Using the original packing slip I found the outfit was named Telebrands in NJ . The phone number on the packing slip gave a Customer Service toll call number of 973-227-8777 . I dialed this number and was immediately put on hold . . receiving repeated messages of how busy they were and to consider calling back on Thursday or Friday -LRB- it was Thursday -RRB- . I stayed on line for 11 minutes and finally gave up . I then dialed the 800 number shown on my charge card statement and got a prompt answer . . and a menu of numbers to dial for various products followed by `` if the product you are calling about is not on this list , call 973-227-8777 '' . My God , back to being jerked around again . . and more charges and time wasted.I gave up , called my credit card issuer and filed a dispute . I then contacted the Better Business Bureau and also filed a complaint . This firm does not want to talk to customers and does all it can to avoid so.By the way , checking the 800 number on Google -LRB- 800-777-4034 -RRB- takes the victim to a site loaded with customer complaints about this company.Oh yes , the product is a bit clunky . Buy at your own risk
 While this product actually DOES clean glass surfaces with just plain ` ole tap water and the little cloth , it is CHEAP AND POORLY CONSTRUCTED.The handle does not hold steady . It constantly ` wriggles ' which makes it hard to clean the corners of glass surfaces . Theoretically , one can hold the handle near to the base to prevent this -LRB- or maybe some super glue would work -RRB- . If one still wants to buy this , stick with Amazon for the purchase . There 's plenty of complaints about the bogus billing practices of the TV hawker website .
 The configuration of the item does make it easier to reach difficult spaces , however it did not clean as I expected and required several attempts to get windshields and windows clean and partially streak free .
 Horrible purchase . The tablets all stick together inside the bottle , and I realized today that it is not vegetarian , which is not mentioned in the product description on Amazon . I feel cheated , and regret not reading the label sooner .
 The title says it all . These are soft capsules so it 's a mess having to break them open to get 100 IU which is my dog 's dosage .
 Purchase this item and found that it has very little bendability . Very stiff and once it is bended even slightly , it flies out of ones hand and it totally a waste of money . Too inflated to insert where it belongs .
 Used the chair for about a year and a half , and then the weld on the bottom rail broke , where the curve starts to go over the front wheel.We were on vacation ; had to throw it away and buy a steel one from a drugstore.It worked well while it worked , but do n't expect it to last forever ; the fact it does not come with a long warranty on the frame should tell you that , too .
 The chair seems well made enough for the price BUT the reason I ordered this particular transport chair was because of the unusual plaid color . I recieved black . If I had wanted black , I 'd have ordered it . Just getting the wrong colored chair to my home was a nightmare . I ordered this on the 30th of November and needed it for my mother . I tracked it from Texas to Va and anticipated delivery to WV within a day or two . Imagine my dismay when I saw it two days later back in Texas !! This was a customer service nightmare . Amazon blamed UPS , UPS blamed Amazon . No one was really sympathetic to my plight . It was like `` Oh well , it 'll get there sooner or later . '' Once it did , the box was in pieces and like I said , it was the antithesis of cheerful plaid . The footrests are really flimsy but other than that , it seems like it will be fine for limited use . Not long term use but then what does one expect for $ 117 ? Better customer service , that 's what !!!!
 This does n't seem to work . I still do n't feel well . Does n't do what they say . I would not recommend this product .
 After I tried several pairs of cheap compression stockings and I decided to buy a pair of JOBST For Men . I had my prescription and measurement -LRB- both done by professionals -RRB- . I gave the prescription to the Pharmacist -LRB- he does measure , too -RRB- . He said the medium size should be perfect for me -LRB- perfect size , perfect type , perfect length , and pressure as prescribed -RRB- . PROS
 I received this package not securely closed . Product could have fallen out of box . Most important - the stockings had a very bad musty odor . I soaked them in vinegar water overnight and also in baking soda water overnight . I wonder where and how long these stockings were stored in a warehouse .
 The footrests come packed locked to their shortest length , a recessed setscrew must be removed with an included hexkey L wrench and then replaced into one of five holes to adjust them longer.The setscrew on the right footrest was either overtightened or crossthreaded at the factory and would n't loosen , eventually the hex key wrench stripped out the internal socket of the setscrew.I paid a shop $ 20.00 to drill out the stripped setscrew and rethread the hole .
 I bought the 10 '' wedge for help in bed and I was unimpressed with the fabric of the cover . It felt cheap and less than even hospital grade . The foam is not as firm as I expected and the slope is slightly too steep to be comfortable.The 2 stars is for quick shipping and safe packaging .
 I ordered this from Amazon and it shipped from Vitality Medical . Without having ever used one of these , I opted for the medium height wedge thinking it would be ok . It propped me up much too high and although it would be ok for watching TV , it is much too high for sleeping comfortably . Because of the height , you may slide down the pillow thus disrupting the support of your lower back . The height made me feel like I was in an unnatural position and thus could not fall asleep . Here 's an important note
 if you can bear the hard material used , then you can buy it ... i had to put a pillow on top first , then a pad inserted inside the case to soften it but i 'm still not satisfied ...
 From the other reviews and the price , I was looking forward to this transport wheelchair but I was not happy with it . It was heavy and the back support on the right was broken . I tried to snap it on but it would not hold . This could have seriously injured my disabled dad . The worse part was trying to put all the materials back into the box and ship it . I will pay more for a better and defintely lighter transfer chair .
 This item was reordered 2 x 's , both times it was badly packed and arrived with broken armrests.Also the wrong color was sent both times . The wheels were also very stiff . It is also too heavy and awkward to be used as an easy fold transport char . The return process was fast , however the credit to my account took over 2 weeks . Go for the aluminum model with the slanted armrests , it is worth the additional cost .
 Completely useless product . Wobbles and there is no adjustment for the leg shape/size . Instead , buy velcro type ASO ankle stabilizer WITH stays .
 I HAVE BEEN TOLD THAT IT WAS SUPOUSED TO BE HERE WITHIN TWO DAYS , AFTER I CLICKED PLACE ORDER IT SAYS 5 DAYS ... 5 DAYS ?????????????????????????????? IM WAITING ... . WAN NA KNOW WHAT HAPPEN WITHIN THOS `` 2 '' , SORRY `` 5 '' DAYS !!!
 I purchased this item and it is the worst item I have ever purchased.It does not give me a good shave at all.I thought at first I Had to get accustomed to it But after trying it for 2 weeks steady it has got no better.Ray Inman
 I was given this razor by a friend . Nice gesture , but I gave him his money back . This razor did not shave close at all . Even after going over the area numerous times -LRB- This is even using lectric shave -RRB- . Especiially bad in the chin-neck area . After a month of using this razor the foil desintergrated during my shave and gave a nasty cut on my cheek . after this I will never use another braun . My friend al had a top of the line 360 complete that did the same thing . My recommendation is to stick to norelco . All of their models shave as close as blade and are much more durable .
 This is not much of a razor . I do not have a heavy beard at all but it is not effective in giving me a good shave . I have returned to may old razor which is not good either , but better than the new one . I could not recommend this razor to anyone .
 Well , I 'll start off by saying that this was my first electric shaver , so bear with me.After charging the thing for four hours , as the instructions say , I turn it on . Immediately you notice that it 's pretty noisy , so I was a little surprised . I start shaving , and once I 'm done , I notice that it missed a bunch of hairs even after going over spots more than three or four times . My face also got pretty dry afterward , and a few spots I was bleeding quite a bit.My face never got this bad with a simple razor , and never was my face burning so much after using aftershave because of this . I 've already got it packed and ready to be returned . Waste of money and a waste of time .
 Not worth the money . I bought a Norelco today and it is twice as good a shaver as this one . Going in the closet to be thrown away some day .
 I bought this shaver just for travel trips , based on Consumer Reports review . Not worth the $ 50 , maybe $ 20 . It is loud , does a poor job of shaving , takes forever to get the job done and whatever you do do n't try shaving a 2 day old beard . Like pulling each hair out one-by-one with tweezers , OUCH !! I have a 7000 series Syncro at home that is unbelievably smooth , normally $ 100 but it was $ 80 in the clearance bin at Walmart . Worth every penny .
 When I shave , I need to go to a sink , because a lot of the debris of beard will come out . It is really a mess .
 I gave this electric a try mostly to shave my head , but ended up using it on my face as well . It takes longer to shave with this than it ever did with a razor and since all the stubble has to go somewhere , you either stand naked somewhere or end up with stubble dust all over your clothes . I 'd rather stand naked in a hot shower shaving with a razor . As far as the shave goes , it was pretty close , not as close as a razor but acceptably close . It did hold a charge for a long time , seemed like longer than advertised . It was a bit loud , especially when shaving near ears . Take mine with a grain of salt , I 'm a razor shaver who gave electrics a try , not my bag .
 I think it 's outrageous the way Amazon has raised the price of this product.On February the cost of this razor was $ 18,95 On October the cost of this razor is $ 57.25 WTF !!!!!!!!!!!! This is three times the original price . WTF !!!!!!!!!!!! THREE TIMES BOY !
 After using Norelco for many many years and not really being satisified with it I thought I would try a braun since i was under the impression that braun was well respected in the electric razor industry . What a mistake , this razor all it does is make a lot of noise and does not shave at all . the discription sounded so good but it does not work worth a dam . . I will never buy another one . sure this one is the cheap one but i have been using the norelco cheap one for years , it is n't all that great either but a lot better than this braun . i would recommend not to waste your money like i did .
 This razor is meant for pre-teenage beards that pretend to need a daily shave . It simply does n't work for a heavy beard or a three day growth . A total waste of time .
 This shaver is not worth the money . Do n't buy it . Does n't shave worth a nickel . After a couple of weeks , I put it in the drawer and got a Norelco .
 I purchased it to shave my head and beard . It did not shave close enough , and was very loud .
 This was my first time owning an electric razor . I sport a beard and only shave my neck and cheek areas a couple of times a week . That 's why I wear the beard . I do n't like to be bothered shaving . I found that this product worked ok for daily use although a razor is quicker . After a couple of days growth this razor was totally ineffective . If the stubble has any length at all it does not enter holes in the screen . So It is a disappointment for my purposes .
 I bought this razor to replace my old Norelco since it was about the same price as buying new heads . I was very disappointed in it.I do not have a heavy beard , it grows fast , but I am not one of those that get the five o'clock shadow so it should n't have been a tough job for this razor.After charging it up as the directions said I tried it out . First I noticed how loud it was , it sounded as it it was falling apart and made so much noise that I could n't even hear my radio . I have to say where it did cut was very close , but after closer review , I found a lot of places it had missed so I tried again and still it missed those hairs . I waited a day or two and tried again with the same results . I returned the razor and used the money to buy new heads for my Norelco which worked a lot better.I also was n't trilled with how to clean it either compared to my old razor.I would recommend to try something else maybe spend a bit more for a better one , but keep away from this one .
 I bought this shaver after a broad review of online comments about similar products . I guess that 's why the market is so broad . For me , this product just did n't work well . Unfortunately , you ca n't return something like this , so it 's just in a drawer . I then bought a Norelco rechargeable , which works many times better . For me , only shaving every few days , with mostly light stubble , the Braun was hopelessly inept . It took repeated re-do 's of the same part of my face . A few days later , the same shave with the Norelco was quick and very effective . I pass on the Braun . Perhaps your mileage might vary .
 After the reviews here , and consumer reports , I was expecting a great shaver.Unfortunately it is a disappointment compared to the Braun 5614 I currently use.Quite small , charge does not hold very long , and the angles you are required to use on your face , all are issues that one should be aware of .
 This is my second electric shaver purchase ever -LRB- not counting a beard-trimmer -RRB- . First one being a Norelco , when I was 15 , which I used happily for ~ 7 years . I certainly have no ill feelings towards Braun or this shaver ; it 's starting to become pretty clear to me that it 's A GOOD THING there are so many different brands and types of shavers . What works perfectly for one guy may be the worst thing ever for someone else . So ... that said , here 's my experience.Bought this from a local Target store and was pretty psyched , based on all these reviews . I was STILL pretty excited a minute after my first shave -LRB- even though it took me 5 + minutes to do it -RRB- . Two minutes after though , I started to feel the burn . Man , was I scared after five minutes . ... I 'll save you all the gory details . Suffice it to say , I gave it a chance for two weeks and that was all I could stand . The initial excitement was due to the fact that it cut very close to the skin -LRB- was NOT expecting this -- my old Norelco was n't a very close shave -RRB- , but it still missed MANY hairs . I do n't understand why . The result of this
 After owning this razor for about a year , I find the cutting speed is too slow . If you plan to use this razor for travel , then there may be some benefits . However , if you only use it at home , I would look elsewhere .
 My Braun 1775 worked for a few months and then the trimmer quit cutting , even though it still runs . The shaving head also quit shaving well , so I bought a new screen and cutter set . I feel I wasted money on this purchase , especially since the trimmer does not work .
 This is the second electric shaver I 've tried . It failed to get the hairs on my neck and beneath my chin . It did manage to turn my neck red and burny . The hair it could trim was short enough , but missing hairs just does n't make for a good shave . The razor is also quite loud.I 've since moved on to a double edged safety razor from Merkur with real shaving cream and a shaving brush . After two months of practice I now have painless shaves that are irritation free . If you have coarse hair and sensitive skin , do n't waste your time with an electric . Nothing will beat a good razor and shaving cream .
 I 've had this shaver for about two months , and I keep hoping each time I use it that my face will `` get used to it '' as the manual says , so that it can justify the high rating it has on here . That has n't happened , so I am switching back to my 5-year-old rotary razor until I buy a new one.The first thing I noticed when I turned this on is that it is very loud . I am almost embarassed to use this shaver since everyone in my house can hear it clearly , even with the bathroom door closed . It sounds like an alarm going off or something.The next thing I noticed was that it misses a lot of hairs on my face . I 've since tried it with my facial hair grown to various lengths , and it misses some no matter what . It has also resulted in more in-grown hairs than I have ever had before.It 's nearly impossible to get my neck smooth , and I end up spending twice as long on that area than the rest of my face , struggling to get it smooth . By the time I 'm finished I have several cuts on my face and it hurts for hours after . Also , it can take a good half-hour to finish shaving with this thing.Overall I chose this shaver based on the high rating it got here , but it has far from lived up to it and I feel like I 've wasted my money . Beware the inflated rating .
 I have been an electric shaver user for decades . Since my Norelco seems to be dying , I decided to try this one because it got good reviews . It is the worst of any of the shavers that I have ever owned . It is slow , misses hairs on every shave , and has irritated my skin in a way no shaver has ever done . I am going back to Norelco.Braun does make a good electric toothbrush .
 I did not like this razor from the day I turned it on . Too loud . lots of vibration . So I did not use it . Biggest let down was the company in which sells it on Amazon . That would be Discount Jungle . Beware of buying from them . They will charge 15 % restocking no matter what . I return the razor unused like new . Did n't matter 15 % anyway . Very rude costumer service , when you e-mail or call . I will NEVER buy from them again .
 Are we talking about the same shaver here ? The long and short of it is that it simply does NOT shave . I 'm not talking about closeness -LRB- i.e. it shaves but not closely -RRB- . I 'm talking about 1/4 '' whiskers all over the face.I returned the item and I 'm astonished that Braun markets this totally inadequate product.Braun 1775 FreeControl Rechargeable , Washable Men 's Shaver
 Takes a long time to shave . If you miss a day , it will take at least 5 minutes . This is my 5th electric razor and it is by far the slowest shave I 've ever had . Conventional razor is quicker . And it misses a lot of hairs . Spend a few extra dollars and get a better one .
 I 've used Braun shavers since the 1960s . The 1775 is the only model that is unusable . The problem is the motor 's lack of torque . If I do n't shave for two days , the 1775 does n't have enough power to shave my beard . Braun said it was a bad cutter block and foil and sent me replacements . The results were the same . I have an old Braun travel shaver that has more power than this device.Moreover , the trimmer does n't pop up beyond the foil allowing the shaving head to interfere with mustache trimming and such .
 Except for the very reasonable price , this shaver is a disappointment and already gathering dust . Yes , it shaves fairly close , but no closer than a $ 35 Norelco I bought a few years back . My main complaints are the vibration in my hand and its irritating , semi-grinding noise . Braun makes some great appliances , but this is not one of them .
 I was initially pleased with this shaver , which gave decent shaves despite its economical price . After using it for about 2 months , however , I noticed that it was cutting my skin because the guard or grill over the cutters has developed a circular hole about 3/8 inch in diameter . I have used many electric shavers over the past 40 years and nothing like this has ever occurred . For the moment I have a band-aid over the hole so I am still shaving with the unbroken side of the shaver but I find this wholly unsatisfactory.If I had bought this from a local merchant I would have returned it but thisis not convenient or practical for a purchase by mail .
 As a simple shaver it works OK , but it does n't get the longer hairs unless you trim them down first , and it does n't contain the whisker trimmings in the shaver leaving them falling like a light mist . I do n't think it shaves as close as my previous shaver , but it 's cheap and just an average unit . I will spring for something a little more expensive next time . I find I have to go over the same spot for a while before the job is done .
 My frustration with this shaver is how long it takes to get the job done . You have to repeatedly go over and over the same skin in order to get all the stubble , whereas an `` old-fashioned '' disposable , multi-blade shaver that is used with shaving cream usually requires only one , maybe two passes.The other limitation of this shaver is that it does poorly with anything other than short stubble . If the hair is an eighth of an inch or longer , you have to cut it down to size with the attached trimmer , then go back to it with the shaver . You have to use the same process with a hair that is lying flat against the neck.In conclusion , I would NOT buy this style of shaver again . My next shaver will be another Norelco with rotary blades .
 The shaver is not only loud , but it 's very bad in shaving too . One does not feel 100 % safe in using it . Sometimes when it pulls hair off your skin forcefully , one feels does n't get a safe feeling about it.It 's not easy to use . I followed the directions as written in the user manual , but it still does not shave well . Even after spending lot of time , one can find some hair remaining here & there.I 've always used electric shavers . Before buying this one , i have used Philips and Norleco shavers earlier . Both of them worked well for me .
 I bought this shaver based on the glowing reviews here . My experience is different . The quality is very cheap , and it probably takes me 5 times as long to shave with this vs. my ancient twin-foil Braun . It also misses many hairs , and refuses to cut them when they get a little long . I find myself having to use a blade to clean up what it leaves behind . Junk .
 I purchased the # 1775 with high expectations . I was really disapointed . I still have my first basic Braun shaver from at least 20 years ago , and it shaves 10 times better than the # 1775 . Plus my old shaver has never had the blades sharpened ! When using the # 1775 , it reminds me of a lawnmower when it goes through very thick grass . It makes a loud noise and the motor even bogs down . After 4 weeks , I still ca n't get a close shave . I sincerely DO N'T recomend this shaver .
 I purchased this razor after Christmas last year . I was enticed by the low price -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- and the Braun name and reputation . Was I ever disappointed ! During the break-in period , the shaver really irritated my face , moreso than any other electric shaver I 've used . Other reviewers have commented on the noise - that did n't offend me so much . The quality of the shave is terrible , though , with lots of missed hairs . Also , even when it does n't miss hairs , the shave is not close at all . It takes an exceptionally long time and lots of attention to get passable results . I could easily shave a second time with this shaver when I get home from work , as if I 'd want to.Another downer
 I agree with other reviewers who have panned this inferior product . No matter how many times I go over the same area , it invariably misses random hairs . Every time a hair is missed , the probability that it will be missed again rises exponentially . No matter how slowly or long I shave , I end up with 5mm hairs in random places . Since the trimmer has stopped working properly , it is even difficult to use that to chop down the stalks.Unlike other reviewers , I know that Braun can do better . I was used to a Braun 6520 which was an excellent piece of work . But after 5 years of impeccable service , it just stopped working . Since the 6520 is no longer being made , I bought the FreeControl . Big mistake .
 I have used electric razors for over 3 decades and have never used a worse razor . I have had several Braun razors over the years and have liked them all
 I like it but I do n't have 30 Min to shave every morning , I will stick with the Norelco so I can sleep in the extra minutes it takes to shave with the braun , Oh and if you do n't shave for a day forget about trying to shave with the braun , you will need the Norelco first .
 USUALLY , ALL MY RAZORS HAVE BEEN GIFTS . I NEVER GOT TO CHOOSE . I HAD ALWAYS READ GOOD THINGS ABOUT BRAUN . I DECIDED TO BUY ONE . BAD CHOICE . I DO N'T HAVE MUCH OF A BEARD , BUT WHAT I DO HAVE , THE BRAUN DOES NOT COME CLOSE , IN PERFORMANCE . TO ANY ELECTRIC RAZOR I HAVE OWNED . IT DOES NOT CUT .
 NOISY and vibrates like nothing else ... You can hear the shaver in the next room , and the shaver actually shakes the hand when you try to shave -LRB- very unpleasant -RRB- ... Do n't know if this is all the Braun models or just this one , but will return this one , and go back to Norelco . Do not recommend this model to anyone .
 You might think that my title was hyperbole - if anything , it was an understatement . I never got a shave nearly as smooth as with a blade . This shaver consistently missed hairs , and shaving anything other than my cheeks and mustache was plain impossible . If I went more than a day without shaving , I had to clean the blades multiple times during a single shave . There were several times that I ran the shaver over a particular area multiple times , only to have that part of my face appear untouched.I bought this shaver because of the reviews , and because I have sensitive skin that is often irritated when I use a blade . While this shaver was very gentle on my skin , most likely that is because it simply did not shave . I have never had a more frustrated shaving experience than I did with this shaver .
 I gave this razor two tries and it did a very poor job . The motor was not powerful enough to cut without bogging down . 10 passes in one area still left uncut stubble . I went over the same area with my 8 + year old Panasonic , that this shaver was supposed to replace , and it did a pretty good job of cleaning up what the Braun 1775 left behind . The trimmer did a good job .
 Braun 1775
 I dropped my Norelco , one I 've used for the past 3 years , where the trimmer is no longer working . As a result , I purchased the FreeControl from Walmart -LRB- after hearing great reviews on this post -RRB- as a cheap ` trimmer ' replacement , as well as to try out foiled blades.I have to say that althought it shaves a bit closer than my Norelco , it 's not really for someone who has a heavy beard and likes the scruffy look .1 . This shaver has trouble shaving long -LRB- 2 + days -RRB- facial stubs , they recommend a quick trim first before shave if hair is too long . Norelco wo n't have this issue , I go on 3-4 days without requiring to trim on my Norelco2 . The motor is noisy and weak . Whenever I tried to shave my chin , which is an area where hair are more densely packed , I ran into issue where the motor feels seemingly stuck . Various passes are required in order to get hair smoothly shaven .3 . The motor vibrates too much to be able to hold it comfortably for a long period of time ... which is often required due to smaller shaving service area compared to Norelco .4 . Shaving time is too long if you have a full beard . 5 + Min on FreeControl vs 3 - Min on my NorelcoThe trimmer works much better than Norelco ones , but the actual shaver is another story . Unless you are light beard and shave daily , I would n't recommend this shaver for you .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 78-year-old father , who had n't used an electric razor in over 25 years . He loved how it operated and the fact that you could rinse it off , and it gave a fairly close shave . After 3 months of use , however , he noticed that the foil was scratching him as he shaved . He discovered that the metal was literally flaking apart . We 're hoping it was just a bad lot and will try to get a replacement , but I 'm very disappointed to have this hassle to deal with .
 I have always been a Braun fan and will probably buy a higher priced of the same brand soon . This product however was totally dissapointing -LRB- I gave away this one to my teen age son within a week -RRB- . I was attracted by the price and the fact that it has no bulky base or accesories which is good for travel . . I had to go through the same spot three or four times to get an appaling result . My suggestion
 Braun 's blurb about this model tells it like it is
 I bought this razor based on all the very positive reviews on Amazon . That was a mistake . This thing does not work . My housemates were baffled at how exceptionally awful it was - I 've never actually had as hard a time shaving as I did with this pathetic device . I ca n't put this any other way - it does n't work . It can handle my upper lip and chin okay , but is completely useless on my neck or cheeks . In that it achieves nothing . No matter how many different ways I 've tried using this thing it failed miserably . Could n't recommend this to anybody .
 This same model shaved well for me for over a year but I lost it during travel . The replacement arrived in standard package that appeared a little repaired or corrected . I soon discovered that the unit would not cut my beard at all . Most of my investment was refunded but the supplier would not accept a return of used personal items for full refund .
 It does not work well ay all . I would like to return it - please advise .
 Follow-up . Univeral Mania will not answer emails . I called them and they told me they would call me right back.It did n't happen . Now I ca n't get anyone to answer the phone .
 Never received the product I ordered . I received the wrong razor at first . It was sent back and I still have not received the original one that I ordered . Will not do business with this company ever again . I hope when I receive my credit card statementThat I have been credited for the item . Worse experience I have had trying to deal with a company .
 I have heard good reviews especially from a friend who recommended it in the first place.What I noticed is that this guy has always used electric razors in the first place . He is already used to this kind of products.I have always used traditional 2 , 3 and 5 bladed razors , and wet shaving in general . Going to dry shaving with an electric razor -LRB- or at least this one -RRB- , is definitely a downgrade.I just did multiple passes -LRB- 5 + , I lost count -RRB- , and my beard was still there albeit just a little bit shorter.I have to mention though , I did n't wait the recommended 14 days of trial for my skin `` to get used to '' . After the initial result I was utterly disappointed and changed to the Gillette Fusion Power 5 bladed razor .
 I purchased the Braun model 1775 one month ago . I get a terrible shave and burn feeling on my skin , It does not even cut my neck hairs.I will go back to a Remington or Norelco rotary blade .
 Very disappointed with this razor . It does not shave a close as a blade by any means , in fact , I have had to reshave each morning with a blade after using this . I would not recommend that anyone purchase this razor . It stated that you need to wait three weeks `` to allow your skin to adjust '' , but in the meantime , are you supposed to go to work each morning looking like you used a dull butter knife to shave with ?!?! Not me .
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend and he does n't have thick coarse hair , so it did n't shave very close . I 'm sure it works well for coarse hair , but I still think the soap and razor might just be best for those men with fine hair .
 I got the Braun 1775 FreeControl Rechargeable , Washable Men 's Shaver for my husband , whose sight is impaired . It did NOT do the job we had hoped and he was left with quite a bit of stubble . The trimmer worked well , but the main part of the razor was disappointing .
 When my last electric razor stopped working , I had to purchase a new one . The Braun model I had previously owned was no longer being manufactured . However , since I had such a good experience using that Braun electric razor , I looked for the Braun model currently available that was closest in style and features as my last razor . That Braun electric razor that was closest to my last one was the Braun FreeControl 1775 . This shaver is very similar in size and style as my old razor was . It also has some of the same features
 I bought this as a gift for my brother . He had one of the first electric razors and it was so old and beat up , I figured he needed a new one . About a month after I gave it to him , I noticed he was still using the old one . I asked him why . His answer
 This was my third Braun Razor , and I 'm sending it back to Braun . The previous two mid range models I owned were great . But the 1775 FreeControl was just too far of a downgrade . When my 5415 Flexintegral died I figured Braun 's quality of product was good , so it did n't matter what model I got - I was wrong.The freecontrol is : - loud-short on battery life-poor on shaving -LRB- need to go over the same spot many times -RRB- - the long hair trimmer comes out weird so that it 's hard to trim sideburns-and does n't shave as close -LRB- especially chin area -RRB- - irritates my skin more
 Not terribly impressed with this . Worked on my cheeks but left prominent patches of whiskers on my chin . I have n't used an electric that 's come nearly as close to a good shave as a blade -- the more expensive Braun model came closer than this one , though . Stick with a blade if you can .
 I bought this shaver for my grandson for Christmas it does n't work !!! He did n't want to hurt my feelings by telling me it was ineffective and did not work on his face . I had him bring to me and I tried it . . IT DOES NOT WORK . . it makes noise but does not shave . What a waste of money . It is passed the return time , so I am stuck with a product that is useless to us . Sorry I ever bought it even though the reviews were good I must have gotten a bad one . So if you buy this product try it at once and see if it is defective so you to do n't get stuck with junk like I did.It is getting a one because you have to put something it deserves -1 for the product
 Did not shave as well as Norelco . Easy to use and clean but left some whiskers which eventually got long and obvious .
 I bought this shaver since it was time to replace the blades of my Remington and this piece cost only a little more than replacement blades.I am very disappointed with this shaver . It does n't give a close shave at all . Its really awful on the neck and regions below below chin . Absolutely useless . It charges quickly and holds the charge for long , but what good when it does n't shave properly . I have decided to junk this and buy a better one . My old shaver itself is comparatively many times better.I would NOT recommend this product .
 I bought it because of the Consumer Reports recommendation . I found much to like about it , and it seemed like a very good value . It feels good in the hand and is comfortable to use . The excellent ergonomics are marred only by a perfectly-placed power switch which has a too-light touch so I was constantly turning the thing off in midshave or having to remember to be extra-extra-careful . The pop-up trimmer works very well . The shaver is a bit noisy , but it 's the sound of a surprisingly powerful motor and the very satisfying sizzle of whiskers biting the dust . It charges quickly and holds the charge long enough not to be an issue . It shaves reasonably quickly . What it shaves is quite close , HOWEVER , not having an in-line clipper in addition to the foil means that some hairs do not get cut at all , especially if you do n't shave every day . So I was left with the absurd situation of having to go after errant hairs with the pop-up trimmer or shave again with another shaver . Ridiculous ! Braun claims the foil will last 18 months , but mine got a hole after only a few weeks of careful use . So I gave up on this model , and all foil shavers , and went back to Norelco . If your hair texture happens to go into those holes in the foil freely , you could really like this shaver , but beware .
 Have mostly used rotary shavers in the past ; bought this one based on price and brand name . Product quality is fine but performance is not a match for the rotary shaver . This shaver is for occasional only use , and its performance is not bad enough to warrant the hassle of returning it to the manufacturer , under their 30 day money-back program . Would not recommend it .
 Still do n't understand '' product link '' . I purchased this razor after Consumer Reports gave it a very high ranking right next to a much higher priced razor that Braun makes.I have used it now for two plus weeks and it does a very poor job - still . For instance , I have to use the trimmer to shorten anything over a one day 's growth of beard , and even then , the other portion of this shaver does not really cut my beard very short . I have followed the directions of how this should be used but it is a lousy product , or at least this particular 1775 is.I probably will go back to a safety razor as much as I figured electric razors should now be capable of doing the jobNormally , I do not complain about products but this particular one rates my complaints .
 I 've to say that I 'm horribly disappointed about this shaver . My facial hair is pretty thick and I mean the width of each hair , not volume-wise . Apparently unless your facial hair fits in the tiny mesh , all you 'll get is an expensive face tickler . It literally shaved zero of my facial hairs . Tried going with and against the grain -LRB- always perpendicular to the surface as per manual -RRB- but that made very little difference . Had to go back to my old , trusty -LRB- but painful -RRB- razor.I have to give 1 star because at least to me it was entirely useless . So beware
 I hate rechargeable gadgets whose battery needs to be changed every few years . It is the way manufacturers get a semi-yearly fee from you for something that would work for 20 year like my previous Braun shaver . This shaver is one of those . I had assumed that even if it is rechargeable it would work when plugged in , like my laptop . I was wrong and I returned the product.Braun Free Control 1775 Men 's Shaver
 Not the best . It does n't shave as close as I would 've liked it to on my boyfriend .
 I 've been through two of these , and both have had their long-hair trimmer break . The motor keeps going , but the trimmer blades either no longer move at all or no longer move enough to cut hair . The regular shaving mechanism still works on both , but it without the long-hair trimmer , some hairs are impossible to cut . The second one lasted almost exactly one year before it broke .
 Product was sent with a 220 plug . This was a Christmas gift for my father and he ca n't even use it . Our address is US so there should have been no reason for the European plug . Ca n't really tell you if the razor is any good or not . No way to try it . Sent an e-mail and they called and said they would send an adapter plug , but this has been over a week ago and we 're still waiting . Have sent another e-mail , will let you know . My dad still has n't been able to use his razor.1-11-2013 back again , they sent the wrong adapter !!!!! This is really getting old .
 I 'm surprised at all the positive reviews here . I bought this razor mainly based on the reviews , and I must say that I 'm disappointed . My previous electric razor was a low-end Remington that I bought from a discount retailer . But the Remington shaver actually worked much better , and I should n't have thrown it away when the foil broke.The problem with this Braun shaver is that you have to keep shaving the same spot -- over and over and over again -- in order to get a close shave . If you do a quick , two-minute shave -LRB- which actually worked pretty well with my Remington -RRB- , you 'll end up with about as much beard as you had before the shave.I do n't recommend this shaver .
 I found that I could not get a close shave , if I was working I would have to shave later in the day to get by . Luckily I am retired so no problem . I also can not cut some of the beard on the lower part of my neck and have to use the trimmer to cut any long hairs . Not as good as my old Norelco . .
 I paid about twenty-five dollars for this item and was sorely disappointed in it 's lack of quality . I would question even paying ten dollars for it . It does n't even look like it will last a week 's worth of use . Part of the pad is already pulling apart where it is glued .
 bought this for my elder mom who is disabled and this did not help any of her pressure sores or help prevent any of them it , it also did n't help her in her wheelchair ... . wish this was better quality its also already starting to fall apart and only had it a few months .
 These WERE good , but apparently they are no longer made . They have been replaced with crap full of soy products - and they were shipped to me without warning , and without asking if the substitute -LRB- even a different product name -RRB- was acceptable.Don ' t buy this . Do n't buy it from this amazon store .
 I would only buy the Prince Of Peace - Arthritis Rub , 4 fl oz cream . It works and it smells like cinnamon .
 I like this product very much , but the way it is advertised is very misleading.Unless you include the weight of the jar , the price per once is $ 10.30 !
 Well i wanted extra strength i was sent ultra strength . . was called by the company and was told we will send you the right stuff the following week when it comes in ... I 'M still waiting for it . .
 I have Arthritus # 4 , 4 being worst , and degenterative Osteoporosis , in my knee , pain every day . NO over the counter pain reliever worked . I tried Tiger Balm wrapped it with an ace bandage to hold in the heat , and never needed any pill again for pain ! Believe me it works !
 After reading the first review I bought two of these sets , one for me , one for my Mom . They 're awkward so you ca n't keep them on the sink next to the sponges without looking funny . The other problem is the yellow brush is stiff and not very useful , the metal brush is so hard it scratched everything I used it on . Steel wool is much more useful as it 's a little softer and does n't scratch like this metal brush stick does . You 're better off using a BBQ brush on your pans.I like that these are made in the USA , other than that , they 're worthless .
 The product was so old that each pill crumbled to nothing when you try to get them out of their wrapper . I will not be buying from this vendor again
 Nuwati Herbals Indian Blanket Balm , 4 OuncesI have been looking for different products for muscle and joint pain relief , but this did not work.There is an odd smell also which I would n't really mind if the product worked.I could not recommend this for anyone to use .
 I have arthritis in my knees and ankles.I purchased both the neckless and a bracelet.I know everything doe n't work for everyone and this did n't help me at all.The item arrived on time and was in good condition , they just did n't do anything at all for me .
 unless you weigh more than 5 pounds the pad does not pad . you can completely compress it between two weak fingers .
 A longtime ago I learned that you get what you pay for , and this product quality is one of those type of lessons I will have learned -LRB- again -RRB- . Its firm for only about a week or two , I am a bigger person so that might have something to do with it to however , I highly doubt it . The foam is not firm at all , I would equate it to foam you might find a car panel which is not very thick or firm . You could literally set a cup of water on this thing and I bet it would sink flat , so unless you weight under 100 pounds this is n't going to work for long.I would suggest getting something that is going to last longer -LRB- i.e. memory foam -RRB- , because if you are like me and injured your tailbone , you have a long year ahead of you ...
 I was having a lot of pain in my tailbone , to the extent that I could n't sit for more than a few minutes on any surface . I purchased this in the hopes that it would ease the pain . Unfortunately , it was a waste of my money . It did n't help at all . In fact , it seemed to make it even worse . I also found it hard to stay in just the right position -- maybe the cover fabric was too slippery , I 'm not sure . I had to keep adjusting my position , though , which quickly became tedious . Still , I could have dealt with that ... if it had only helped ! I would n't buy it again .
 Ordered this for my office chair . I 'm not a heavy person , but after only 2 hours of use it 's flattened to the point that there is now pressure on my coccyx . Do n't waste your money .
 I have a cushion identical to this.This one does not feel the same , too hard.Also , the cover on this one arrived very wrinkled , perhaps because of the packing and the cover fitstoo snugly on the cushion itself so I could n'tunzip it to iron it out .
 This item only lasted about 6 months before it died . While it worked , it was great , but I was extremely dissappointed in the time before it died . The problem is that there is no automatic shutoff . My dog or one of my children must have stepped on the switch for the heat which burnt the fuse and ended up frying the entire massager.I would highly recommend looking for one with an automatic shutoff .
 I know plenty of people love this supplement , however it did n't help my issues at all . I have possible Habba symptoms/IBS D/Who Knows What and these were just additional pills I was taking without results . Seller was fast and condition was good .
 I question the validity of where the positive comments are really coming from . I was a little reserved about this product after reading the reviews that this stuff was a miracle cure for diarrhea , but thought I 'd give it a try . It has done absolutely nothing to help even slightly relieve my diarrhea I think it may have even made it a little worse actually . I even ordered more directly from the company thinking it needed more time to work still no difference . I followed their dosing directions and everything . If this was really a good treatment or cure it would be hailed by most with IBD as a great miracle but , it is not . Read the FDA letter about the company making claims about its product . I hope the FDA checks into this company more . BUYER BEWARE . I WISH I HAD MY MONEY BACK .
 This is the most flimsy , cheap , sweater shaver I have * ever * seen , and I 've had 5 of them . This is absolutely terrible . And of course I saw , two months after I bought it , that you can get it at Bed Bath and Beyond for 10/20 dollars.Rip off .
 I suspect I fell for the hype on this one . It has good reviews and I did worry that maybe those reviews were written by company representatives , but bought it anyway . I carefully read all of the reviews for similar products . I now suspect all of these similar-looking sweater shavers have the same problems and are of similar quality . I had to go over and over the same area to get the sweater fluff balls off . And even then , the area did not look perfect when I was finished . My best bet is that the sweater shavers that are far less expensive do the exact same job . This is no wonder sweater shaver , and I made a mistake in buying it . I wish I had opted for the ones that were half the price of this one .
 I , too , got sucked in and bought the Izumi because of the great reviews . I was completely disappointed in its performance and ended up sending it back . I thought it would work like a dream , but it was no better than the cheaper versions that I bought for $ 4.99 from local discount retail stores . I 'm still searching for the perfect fabric shaver and have yet to find it . I was thankful for Amazon 's return policy .
 I was really excited to get this because I have so many sweaters , sweatshirts , jackets , and scarves that have terrible pilling . However , this is a total waste . I did see a difference in my wool jacket and on a really pilled-up wool scarf . Even those took a while to see differences , but whatever . I am , however , extremely disappointed with this thing on most fabrics . I tried it with a sweatshirt and a cotton scarf , and neither worked . I even smoothed out the fabric and went over and over the same spots , and nothing worked . I noticed a VERY slight difference and there was red fuzz in the dust-trapper , but I could have gotten those results with a $ 3-dollar lint roller.To be fair , I have never used one of these things , so I do n't know how this one compares to other brands But for $ 40 , I expect the thing to produce some results . I feel like I could have gotten a $ 10 sweater stone and gotten the same results ... I feel like this was a total waste of money . I followed the directions and tried it on many different items before reviewing it , but to no avail . I 'm just not happy with this and CERTAINLY not for what I spent on this thing . It might help defuzz a bit , but I 'd rather use a lint roller or just deal with the pilling than waste $ 40 on a cheap piece of plastic.FYI , the reviewers really were n't kidding when they said this thing sucks batteries . I literally used it for about 10 minutes and the batteries -LRB- which were brand new -RRB- died . What a piece of junk !
 I used the shaver on an expensive knit shirt ... I was extremely careful and within minutes three holes were made . I am so disappointed and frustrated . My shirt is now totally ruined.I would really like to tell the creators of this crappy product what I think but its impossible to locate their contact information . The only use of this shaver is on a very thick article of clothing that you do n't care about too much .
 I do n't know what the below reviewers are referring to but the Izumi sweater shaver product I received was cheaply made rubbish and no better than a $ 5 . sweater shaver you 'd find at Target . Save your money for a better find .
 Based on the first week of use , I have to say I 'm disappointed . There are 2 problem areas - first , the adjustment screw for the flame does n't work right ; second , the valve for refilling the lighter with butane seems to leak badly . Maybe I 'm just not doing it right , but I 've tried to figure out a way to refill & just seem to keep getting leaks . Also , I ca n't tell how much butane is getting in - probably not much since the lighter does n't keep the flame for long .
 The capsules are easy to take because they only contain 500 milligrams each . I thought they were 1000 each which would make them very economical . I think they should be labeled as 500 each . I have not used the product yet so I can not comment on its effectiveness .
 Do not have a clue why , but , this product gave me severe cramps in my legs.Now am scared to use msm at all. : -LRB-
 This is the first shave bar soap I tried . The first thing I noticed is it did n't fit in the `` Kingsley Wood Shave Soap Bowl with Lid '' I bought with it -LRB- I had to cut it -RRB- . The second thing I noticed is the foam does n't last thru the shave . There are several brands of shave cream in tubes I like more . Aerosol cans are tacky , I like holding the wood bowl enough that I 'll try a different brand of shave bar soap next .
 If you want a great shave , if you want that `` I just got a facial in my own bathroom and am prepared to face the world '' feeling that you get from a great shave , then you 've got to use a pre-shave oil . You get a closer shave , which if you 're shaving with a safety razor as opposed to a cartridge , that matters . It 's also just generally good for the skin . If you want a serious grooming routine , use an oil.Don ' t use this one.It feels like so much less than I wanted it to be . Truefitt makes some great shaving creams and I generally believe in what they do , but this is a phoned in product.The oils are n't very rich , and the reviewer who said that it smelled less like citrus and more like lemon juice is right . It smells like RealLemon and is n't much thicker than water . It does n't work into the beard well , and it does n't have the same sort of luxurious effect to it that other oils have.Aiden Gill makes a product that 's cheaper and richer . The Art of Shaving pre-shave oil also has a thicker consistency and you get their amazing scents to boot.There 's lots of good oils out there that serve the purpose and have an impact on the quality of your shave . This one does n't , and at this price , it 's unacceptable.-mc
 I purchased a pre shaving oil in the hopes that it would reduce minor nicks and cuts when used with the ` traditional ' soap lather . I purchased this Truefitt and Hill shaving oil after having good experience with their shaving soap.In general , the oil was ineffective I did n't perceive any noticeable differences in my shave when using it . The oil smells okay - like cheap citrus . It 's also very thin . I believe they did this on purpose so it does not clog up a razor blade . However , I think a more substantial cushion of oil would have provided a much more comfortable shave.For a more comfortable shave , I 've had better results with Jack Black Beard Lube . It 's an all-in-one shaving solution that slicks the face very well for a razor , but does not provide the luxurious lather of a traditional wet shave routine . If you do n't want to give up the lather -LRB- as I do -RRB- , you 're better off skipping this oil and spending the extra money on good soap .
 Yikes ! I like their shaving cream but good lord , this stuff is lame . I wo n't list brands but the inexpensive oils have more substance -LRB- thicker -RRB- and protection than this . In fact , any of the cheaper ones blow this away . It is way too much like water . Crappy purchase , would not buy this again . Waste of money .
 I have horrible , chronic dry mouth from some medical conditions and medications ... this product feels good for a second , but that is it . I would only recommend this for people who have brief , non-serious episodes of dry mouth . Try the little discs that stick in your mouth .
 This product is no better than water ! It absolutely did not generate any saliva instead I feel like I just sparyed some water into my mouth ! I have tried a few drymouth sprays for an undiagnosed dry mouth problem and I have to say this has been the worst one by far ! I 'll stick with Oasis or Biotene ...
 When I get it , the glass bottle is broken . It seems when it was posted , it has already been broken .
 I bought this product under the assumption that Gluten Free means free of any gluten ingredient in processing . Well -- they do test the product and according to FDA guidelines , it is less than 20ppm . But that does not mean it is safe for those with Celiac Disease , as we can not tolerate ANY gluten or ingredient derived from a gluten source . Nutribiotic is using barley enzymes in their rice protein production , clarifying that there is no barley protein left over in the final product . I beg to differ -- my husband and I have been taking this product every day to improve our health and have been feeling horrible . I have no respect for companies that lie to improve their bottom line . And a Government agency has no right to declare that just a LITTLE poison every day is safe for a Celiac !
 Your company sells products with vegetarian softgels . Your company sells products with vegetarian DHA . But your company does n't sell vegetarian DHA in vegetarian softgels . Am I mistaken and you do carry an actual vegetarian DHA product?Why use animal gelatin in your softgels at all when you have a vegetarian softgel process ?
 Although this walker is sturdy , lightweight , and inexpensive , the front wheels are not in alignment . That causes the walker to be very noisy when in use and , more importantly , hard to control -- which makes it prone to collide with people and objects . Not good !
 Purchase this for one of my patients , but it is now in my garage , it was unsafe due to unsturdy legs , difficult to roll straight .
 The actual size of the pad is too small to be functional , so I will have to return it . The dimensions of the pad would only fit a newborn . The product photo is misleading .
 This item is a piece of garbage . I 've had it for a few weeks and it just does n't work . My 8 day old daughter got a trip to the emergency room because of a very high fever that this thermometer said she had . When we were sent home with a healthy child -LRB- plus a few injections of antibiotics -RRB- we tested the thermometer and discovered that I have a fever of 102 and a minute later I 'm only 96 . Inconsistency tends not be something I 'd look for in a product to test the health of my child .
 Thermometer is okay , but not very user friendly . It is hard to get to the setting you want , and hard to tell when it is done . I also do n't trust it 's accuracy , as it reads very low .
 We bought this thermometer because we wanted a quick read thermometer . When it works , it is very quick . But it consistently gives error messages and it does not function properly . 9 out of 10 times I ca n't get it to operate and take a temperature . The display for the multiple settings is very tiny and easy to accidently disrupt . Do n't buy this and waste your money .
 Really do n't like this thermometer . It cost our 3 week old a spinal tap . It is very inconsistent and not very user friendly . The setting for axillary , rectal or oral is hard to read and just getting the thing to work is n't very easy . I would not recommend this product to anyone with a baby . The only positive thing I can say , is that it does give a quick reading in the oral or rectal setting . However , it is hard to know if you are in the oral or rectal setting and you ca n't trust the reading that you get .
 I wish this smelled like something on the clothes but really useless . Too bad , i love ms myers ... After your clothescome out they smell just the same , no effect
 What a disappointment from a brand for which I used to have so much respect . First of all , these products are touted as being for dry skin , and then they recommend exfoliation as if dry skin needed more irritation . The bath gel was a bit like an oil slick , floating on top of the tub water . What about the soap ? It was soap plain and simple , which can be purchased for much less at any grocery . As for the hand cream , there were no softening properties whatsoever . After applying it , I turned to my favorite drug store brand . Now , the pail is something else - it really is useful . But , Crabtree & Evelyn , if I just wanted a pail , I could have simply trekked off to the hardware store . Since `` getting your goat '' means to annoy , the set is appropriately named .
 I ordered this product in December . Amazon kept delaying the ship date so I contacted Crabtree & Evelyn direct and they said they no longer carry this item So why is it still on the site for delivery in 2-3 weeks ??????
 worst gimmicky razor I 've ever used . Save yourself the irritation and money and just get a regular 3-5 blade razor and do n't use this garbage .
 Horrible , I have two nickle size chunks out of my head ! Like many other reviews here I have shaved my head for 6 + years with no major nicks . One time with this ; SLICED like a horror movie . Tried one other time and that time I stopped at one injury !!
 Just a piece of junk that I foolishly paid over $ 12.00 for.It 's tiny and that causes a control problem when you use it as directed by your instructions.The blade was cheap and dull.My sink water was so bloody you would think I was cleaning fish!The jell I was using was coming through A slot in the shaver which clogged up the shaver causing you to stop & clean it out . Just using the sink water to wash it off did n't always work . You had to wash it off under the spigot to clean off the blade & backed up shaving jell.I will probably throw mine in the trash & use my old razor.I will try another type of blade first before I throw it away.I would not recommend your product to anyone . On a scale of one to ten it 's not even on the scale-000000 !
 I used this two times , now , and I threw it out after the last time . I cut myself shaving my head with this thing more times this last time than I ever want to experience.I think it has something to do with tthe push vs. pull . When you use this , you push the blade over your head as opposed to pulling the blade over your head.I 'm gon na stick to my regular blade to shave my head .
 the HeadBlade head shaving razor does n't shave any better or easier than any other razor that i 've used and at age 71 i 've used many different blades . it looks cute but is rather awkward to use . i 'll pass on cute and use the $ 1.00 throw away that i 've been using for the past 5 shaves until its too dull to shave with , then buy another one .
 I bought this device and pack of razors at the suggestion of a friend . Worthless . Try shaving around your ears , just try it.I used it for a bit and immediately went to my regular razor and enjoyed it much more , felt more in control and more `` natural . `` I 've never looked back .
 Tried the Headblade a few times . It takes allot of getting used to and I never got good enough at using it to get a good shave . Be careful with this thing . It does n't take much inattentive shaving to get nicked . This might be a good product if you practice allot with it , but after a really good nick , I went back to a regular razor .
 I bought the headblade and had high expectations for it , but it is not worth the cost . I like to have my head smooth after a shave , but the headblade did not remove any stubble . The design would work well with other blades like a Mach 3 , but the blade it is supposed to be used with does nothing . I was very disappointed with the headblade and will go back to straight shaving with a Mach 3 .
 This is the first blade that I have cut myself with in the past two decades , and I 'm not talking just a nick but a major peel the skin off cut ! Dulls quickly and the pushing motion required to use the headblade is totally unnatural . Mine is now in the trash . Do n't waste your money !!!
 I bought this at CVS about 5 years ago after seeing it featured on a TV show . Someone reminded me of it recently , so I decided to share my experience . I 've been using a Mach 3 razor for many years to shave my head , and I think it works just fine . I tried this thing , and immediately noticed that there was no easy way to tap the hair out of it . It got clogged with hair and there was no leverage to tap the hair out like there was with a normal shaped razor like the Mach 3 . It just got clogged up . I returned it to CVS . Useless compared to the Mach 3 . End of story .
 I know some people rave over this gadget , but I really did serious damage on the first use . I do n't think I want another scar , so I 'm not going to try it a second time !
 I shave my head every three days using a Gillette razor . A friend recommended this and I thought it looked like a novelty . but it was cheap so I tried it out.NOPE.In no way is this better than an ordinary razor . First of all , you have to learn to shave with both hands because you ca n't reach everywhere with one hand like you can with a long handle razor . Secondly , this was the first time I have ever cut my head shaving.This thing is a joke . Do n't waste your money .
 I spend a bit of money on razors so decided to give this a go . After all the websites seemed fairly positive . I lathered the head , put on the lotion then shaved in one direction , front to back . You may as well have shaved me with a cheese grater.I 'm not new to shaving the head , have been doing it for years . Just thought this would have been better . Alas shaving with a two blade razor is like stepping back to the 1980 's . Most razors have five blades , at the worst four.I would really not recommend this to anyone .
 I just threw out my Headblade . I used it for about 6 months . 95 % of the time it worked great ... it 's the other 5 % that was hard to take . If you have a perfectly round head , you should be okay . But , if you have any scars , mesquito bits , etc. , lookout ! ... because the headblade will remove them and it is quite messy and it hurts ! What I have found works best is a Panasonic electric razor or if you want a really smooth shave , just use a Gillette Ultra ... I have never been cut using either of these .
 I had really terrible results with this product . I have been shaving my head daily for almost 3 years now with a normal razor . I thought I 'd try the head blade because some people are so enthusiastic about it . But after using head blade , I 've got literally hundreds of tiny nicks and cuts on my head that are quite visible and painful . Plus about 4 or 5 of nicks that are big enough that they took about 1/2 hour to stop bleeding.I NEVER had such bad results with my ordinary razor , even when I was completely new at shaving my head . And now that I have developed my technique with it , I rarely get any nicks at all and I get an extremely smooth close shave.If it is possible to learn how to use this product to get a close shave and not cut yourself up , I wo n't be doing the work to find out . I 've already thrown away my head blade . There 's just not enough potential benefit to risk more butchering.But if you want to try it out , I very seriously recommend starting to use it only when you 've got a few days to heal from a severly nicked up scalp . I made the mistake of doing it on Sunday night , so I 'll have to go to work tomorrow with an ugly , injured head .
 Tried this and shaved considerable skin off my head and pulled it out of the razor . Back of my head is shaved -- really shaved -- and bleeding . I 'm sticking with a Quattro or Mach3 .
 They are cheap handcuffs that do n't even lock with some pink fluffy fabric wrapped around the wrist ... seriously just go buy some nice fabric , roll it into a tube and place it around some real handcuffs it will work a lot better then these . The fabric they use on these are so thin that it does n't even help if you actually do anything rough with them .
 I was taking this product for 2-3 months and noticed an increase in hot flashes . I mentioned to my doctor that I was taking Niacinimide and he suggested the hot flashes could be from that , so I discontinued and hot flashes went away . Too bad , apparently Niacin is known to cause this side effect .
 I checked out a copy of this taped series . My opinion is that this was pretty awful . There is SOME good stuff in here , but it 's a light sprinkling mixed in with a lot of -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- . Although titled and marketed as dealing with anxiety and depression , it had an obnoxious amount of Lucinda talking about her `` agoraphobia '' . -LRB- If you listen to this series , you will grow to cringe at that word . -RRB- This series is primarily targeted to people who have panic attacks . In a way , it kind of teaches you HOW to have a panic attack ; the detail she goes into about her panic attacks and agoraphobia is obnoxious . It does n't deal very well with anxiety and depression as the title states . A more fitting title would be `` All about panic attacks . '' Additionally , HALF -LRB- or more -RRB- of the time on these tapes is used up with people just chit-chatting about their experiences . This series sounded like it was recorded `` as is '' then released without any editing at all . I did n't find it to be very useful or professionally done , which really surprised me .
 If you 've never taken a trip to the library or surfed the internet trying to find answers for your anxiety and panic this program might qualify as a good `` one-stop-shopping '' buy . Otherwise it 's just a re-hash of techniques perfected elsewhere by others , as well as coming across as some kind of ego-trip for it 's creator . You 'll get sick of seeing her face and hearing her voice ; relating back to her own experiences over and over and over . The audio programs come across more like `` The Lucinda Bassett Show ! '' , and what 's really irritating is that when she does relay some good info , it 's almost always something that Dr. Claire Weekes wrote back in the 60 's , and you can usually find Weekes ' stuff for FREE at the library ! ... So if you 've got it bad and are about to give up listen carefully now , to a person who 's been to the bottom of the bottom and wo n't charge you a cent for what I 've learned
 I tried this at my doctor 's recommendation to attempt to increase seratonin levels to assist with sleep more naturally . I 've finished one bottle , following the directions on the label , and have had no results as indicated would possibly happen . It did n't work for me .
 This product is a waste of your money . I have tried a variety of hair removal products , and this one is at the bottom of my list . It burns , it 's all you can do to sit there and wait for it to be finished . However , when the alloted time is up , you find many hairs that either were not affected , or were broken off close to the skin.It did not get any hairs under the skin , did not last , did not work better than anything else . It 's simply another type of chemical depilatory , and not even a good.Does not fulfill promises . you 're better off shaving or waxing .
 I do not like these pills . They gave me more anxiety . If you want good pills get panicyl .
 This product had absolutely no effect on myself or other family members . I feel it is a waste of money .
 After spending alot of time reading the reviews , I looked backed at WHO was supplying the majority of these reviews . BioNeurix . I 'm very upset that people who are desperately seeking help are being duped by a company that is just looking to make a buck . Look at who is writing these reviews and you will see what I mean .
 okay for people with anxiety , this is total bullchit , do not believe the reviewers its a scam , even if they have others reviews , its on purpose . Or you can buy seredyn and get robbed , the best supplement for anxiety or depression is GABA 750mg , even tough it 's better to go to a doctor , maybe get yourself on antidepressants IF NECESSARY . now watch the pissed off marketers comment on my reviews ahah . these people better not mess with my health ...
 I felt absolutely no different after taking this stress relief aid . Very dissappointing since I was counting on some type of relief .
 I 've had this product for a about 2 weeks , I think it helps a little with anxiety , definitely helpful with insomnia . I had to stop taking it during the day because it makes me extremely tired ! So unfortunately I can only take this at night , but it really does help me sleep . I gave a 2 star rating because I really hoped it could be something for me to take during the day to help with anxiety of daily tasks and such , however as I said it makes me feel like a zombie , so I was very disappointed with that . It 's used as merely a sleep aid for me , not what I had expected .
 I did n't notice anything when I took this product . I would n't recommend it , but who knows , it could work for someone else .
 I bought those pills but they do n't have any effect on me I 'm really disappointed no one have the right to mess with your needs 100 % scam
 I have been very disappointed in Serydyn after trying it for several weeks . I have felt no reduction in anxiety , insomnia or stress . I would not recommend this product .
 After reading all the testimonals on their website as to how wonderful this product is for anxiety I found it to have absolutely no effect on me . I took the 3 capsules for extreme stress as indicated and nothing . No calming , nothing . I tried it for a few days as directed and still nothing . I should have known because all the testimonals on their website are favorable and you are unable to leave your own feedback , which leads me to believe they are fabricated . Also , within 45-60 mins . of taking it I got severe headaches . I would advise to NOT buy this product based on the placebo effect it had on me and the headaches . I at least was able to get some relief using Kava Kava tea and/or supplements . Yogi Tea puts out a few teas for stress relief and calming that have helped me more for a fraction of the price .
 Ordered for my daughter and she is 21 and took as directed . Says it was like taking a placebo with NO RESULTS.I was also billed $ 35.21 for the product and shipping , with supposedly FREE SHIPPING . I could have used that $ 35.21 for something other than flushing it down the toilet.NEVER AGAIN WILL THIS HAPPEN !
 really didnt work for me.It guess my body got used to it but idk . Dont really see a difference . It used to work but not now i guess
 I was hopeful this might help my anxiety . It may help others but did nothing for me . I will take now and again or at bedtime just to finish the bottle .
 I do not recommend this product to anyone . Does absolutely nothing . I bought it after reading the reviews but it did not help with the conditions it stated . Very disappointed and out $ 30 ; stick with Yogi tea 's they work .
 I took Seredyn for anxiety some time ago and it did absolutely nothing for me . When I saw that the maximum dosage recommended did not have any effect I took double the maximum dosage and nothing happened.I know now that there is no one out there regulating the supplement industry and that they may sell you a placebo and no one would know about it . Also anyone could run such an operation from their own garage quite easily , do n't be tricked by the scientific sounding names or by the words `` corporation '' and the such.It is my opinion that this is a great scam that relies mainly on the placebo effect.It does not require a great investment to start such an operation and you could easily double or triple your money from those trying out the product , even have a steady flow coming in from those on whom the placebo effect worked.I would advise you to look somewhere else.I have almost completely erased my anxiety through meditation and qigong and a good diet , which is much better than looking for a solution in a bottle.Hope this helps .
 This is just another one of those placebo 's . My wife wanted this and it did not help her even in the slightest .
 when i recieved this parcell the contents of it had been opened.the seal had been broken and the cap witch says `` sealed for your protection '' had been broken.i will not use this product because i dont like the idia of some person with dirty hands pawing through my medication.for this reason i will NOT be buying anything from this website again .
 I only used one bottle of Seredyn . I believe this product may work good for some , but not for all .
 No relief for me at all . Did both the maintenance and during a panic attack . I hoped , but no . Tryptophan or 5 HTP are just as effective . It was worth trying .
 Did nothing for me , all it did was maybe give me some energy . . I was very disappointed in this product.You would think buying things and they would . . work ... nope
 only started today but gave me shakes , more anxiety and more stress so we ll give it few days of trying it .
 I 've only taken this twice , but I have to agree with the other reviewers . I did n't want to say anything negative about this because I thought maybe it was just me , but after seeing these reviews , I now know that the problem is Seredyn just does n't work . I felt a little calm , but that was it . Certainly not the boost we 're all looking for . These natural pills just are n't strong enough , I 'm afraid . We 'll have to stick to the real drug , and just take on any side effects it brings . I know that 's what I 'm going to do . I am looking into Paxil and Xanax , as this did nothing for me .
 This product , I 'm sure works differently for everybody , but it did n't do anything for me . I did n't feel any different , I still get all kinds of anxiety , did n't help me relax or even fall asleep . Nothing . I 'd say it 's a waste of money but it was worth it for me to try because my anxiety levels are ridiculous . Everybody 's body is different but it really did n't change anything for me .
 I took Seredyn for panic attacks due to speech anxiety . I found that it did n't really do much . I took it everyday for a few days before my presentation , and it makes you feel a little bit sleepy and dazed . But when it came time for my presentation , I did n't feel any calming effects . So I think it might help with general anxiety , but with specific phobias , I do n't think it really does much . Every person is different though .
 This product is advertised as a calming agent . I followed the directions and took the product for several days . There was absolutely no help whatsoever . Maybe it works for some people but you should be wary of such positive advertising claims . This kind of thing does not work for everyone .
 It made me really sleepy and numb . Also made me really depressed . I wont use them any more . Maybe they do n't work for me !
 it did nothing for me I need drugs that work one that does n't make me sick or turn my eyes red
 I do n't recommend this product . I 've tried this twice and I get very extreme stomach pains to the point I thought I was going to faint . I can deal with pain fairly well and this has to be the worst pain I 've ever experienced . I go to the bathroom with a stomach ache and it starts hurting extremely bad when I have to `` let it out '' . The pain hurts even more when I ca n't let it out which almost caused me to faint . It eventually worked , but the pain is not worth it from this product.I highly suggest Miralax . It helps you go the same day you take it and it does n't hurt your stomach at all . You feel like you could just go naturally . That 's how well that product is .
 Very unhappy . Bought for my husband 's back - recovering from back surgery . He is a big man -- over six feet , 200 lbs and cushion was too small . Sides are hard so no give to them . Went to Walmart and bought a round oblong lumbar pillow -- cheaper and works better .
 This item is too thick and too firm to be of use for me . I went with a much thinner and smooshier design from another manufacturer .
 I purchased this from amazon and was very unhappy the minute I opened the package . The black ink on the jar was all over my hands . I threw it out because you couldnt touch the jar without being covered in black ink .
 Has a really Bad Odor . And my Little Toys often get lost while using this . The pump is also alittle too loose . Needs to be a warming gel so that it can be applied to cold areas and then heat up . Is that a summer sausage in my pocket , or am I happy to see you ?
 do n't buy this unless you want it for the container!the first thing i did when i got it was open it up to look inside and SURPIRSE ! its just regular old petroleum jelly with a little water added . you can buy around 4 times as much petroleum jelly at walmart for 3 bucks ... its a waste of money
 I could not continue taking the product . 4 pills that large is to many to take and it upset my stomach . I threw the product away . I chose this product after reading the review on a large choice of bone supplements .
 After taking the product exactly as directed , I have found no change in the flexability or pain levels in my knees .
 This is the same shape of tongue scraper I used in the past and wanted to replace , but the plastic on these is very flimsy . Also , the cleaning surface is not rough enough to be effective .
 see video comparing this to 4 other types . This is rough on the tongue and ca n't see what it is scraping , cleaning . Tongue pockets are not one size fits all . Rinse with every pass , too small . Makes a mess . Would not recommend for a pet . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This was recommended to accompany the baby heart monitor I bought , but it was completely unneccesary and unneeded . Why minimum words for reviews ?
 This product is a very poor transmission gel and for the most part as a coupling agent it was useless ! As a health professional , finding ultrasound gel sometimes can be hard , especially for a price like this one .
 This product is mislabeled - or the seller sent the wrong size . I received two 0.06 liter tubes not 0.25 liter bottles .
 I ordered this product and it wasnt well packed , when I got it , it was on a yellow envolope with no security or sign that said fragil , and the tap was broken , so at the end , I didnt get anything . . : -LRB-
 I did n't know at the time when I purchased the doppler that I could use KY Jelly instead of purchasing this bottle of u/s gel .
 i still have yet to receive this item . . been waiting for over a month . . I paid for this item and should not have to try and track it down !
 I an not too happy with this product because I have to keep reapplying gel to the area because it dries so quickly and besides when it dries , it becomes a sticky mess which is hard to clean off , both from the skin and the ultrasound unit itself .
 This gel had great reviews so I decided to try it pout with my Sonoline B. My Sonoline came with ultrasound gel that worked really well ; I was even able to pick up a heartbeat immediately . I went to the doctor a few days later and saw that she was using Parker Labs ultrasound gel . I was excited since I had just ordered some to replace my current gel . Well long story short she could not find a hb only static . The static got so bad the she had to turn off her machine several times . Needless to say she sent me to the hospital and the baby was perfectly fine . I chalked the incident up to her Doppler being old until I tried to use my Doppler with the Parker Lab gel . I immediately had the same problem the static was terrible . I eventually gave up and used baby wash . I was able to immediately able to pick up a heartbeat and the static stopped . I even tried this little experiment again and got the same results . I noticed the difference was that this gel was thick and sticky while the baby wash was smooth and a lot more water soluble -LRB- obviously -RRB- . This gel may work better for other ultrasound machines but my experience is that it works terrible with fetal Doppler .
 I love these razors and purchase them all the time . However , this order came with razors not packaged . Normally they come 3 razors in a sealed package . These razors came already opened leaving me wondering if they are new or refurbished . With the magnitude of blood diseases these days I do n't want to risk using a razor that is not in a sealed package . I 'm out $ 21.57 and very disappointed with this order .
 i really didnt like it , just stick with the regular razor . too hard to shave for me , would n't recommend it myself .
 I ordered this item two weeks ago , and received it . I assumed this product is a Japanese one since the picture , but it is different from that picture . I have n't used this eyebrow razors , so I do n't know how good they are ; however , I really felt sad that I received the different products .
 This product has `` safety wires '' wrapped around the blade that pinch the skin . The blade is extremely sharp and if not very , very careful , you can get a nasty cut.It is large and clumsy to use , with a lot of blade length that really is not necessary . The blade is about an inch long.I threw mine away after 2 uses . There are much better and safer products available .
 I 'm a Massage Therapist and have been looking for a unit to warm , and keep my massage lotion warm for my clients in these chilly winter months.At first I tried the less expensive baby bottle warmers , hoping they would work . After returning 3 of those I figured you get what you pay for and ordered this expensive product assuming my problem was solved.First of all you have to leave the unit plugged in all the time . The company assured me that it is safe but this is something I wish the product description said . Secondly , after leaving the gel/lotion warmer plugged in for about a week my lotion is still as chilly as it was . The unit is a warm to touch and the bottles heat up nicely but it is n't worth the amount of money.I am in the process of returning the unit and I think I 'll forget about lotion warmers and try Prossage Heat Lotion .
 I got this to be able to put on warm lotion out of the shower -LRB- Midwest winters are cold !! -RRB- . The bottles were n't that warm , even if I left it running for awhile . Also , I really just needed one bottle but the single model was more expensive . I returned this and there was no hassle at all , so I admire the way they handled it . For home use , just get a sturdy microwave-safe bottle , fill it with fav lotion , microwave for a few seconds and apply : - -RRB-
 too soft , does not go in between teeth , brushes also too thin , and i will choose different ways of cleaning my teeth .
 This is a lousy design . The individual brushes are held in place by capture in the plastic head and they do not hold very well . I have to pull the brushes from my teeth as they frequently detach from the head . The individual go-betweens work very well so I will find the wider brushes for this application . The brushes have to be retreived from your teeth if you can find them . I would not recommend this product .
 The product itself is great . It 's the shipping and handling that 's out of line . The cost for shipping was much more than the product itself , then a similar product that could of been shipped together was shipped separately , also costing much more than the product .
 Does not last as long as the OEM battery under any condition . Still useful to have around as a backup though .
 I bought two of these batteries . One required eight hours to fully charge , the other would not accept a charge . I would not recommend this battery .
 I suffer from IBS symptoms and my husband purchased safi for me to try . He can tolerate the taste , but i did not like it , its very strong and bitter and has an after taste of dates . I have only taken the Safi for three days but have not seen any improvements understandably its too earlier to say , but i have become more constipated . Depending on what you want to treat the dosage will vary.It claims to treat , pimples , constipation to depression . I decided to research the product and found that many reviews have stated that it contains high levels of Mercury and Lead that lead to long term side effects . As i am trying for a baby i have decided that it is not worth the risk and have decided to discontinue using Safi.My husband also told me that Safi was banned from UK shelves but wasnt told why from where he brought it from . Possibly because of the Lead and Mercury but its not worth the risk.Also if purchasing from ethic stores the batch date on the product may be extremely old !
 This product may be great for some people , however , those with sensitive skin should be careful . I used this product once and had a horrible red , pus-filled underarm rash for a week . I know this may be more information than you might want , but I would n't want anyone else to experience that kind of pain . Other brands I 've used with no problem include
 Bought this for my wife who did not find it very therapeutic at all . It is a a non-compressable roll of material that is neither soft or comforting . When we put it in the microwave as the instructions say to do , it produced an odor so vile we immediately brought it outside , and spent the next 2 days trying to rid our house of the smell .
 My husband ordered one of these for me as a gift . It says nothing in the description about being filled with lavender , but when it arrived , you could definitely tell it was ! As I am very scent sensitive , it had to be returned . So , if you are sensitive to perfumes and scents , do not buy this product!It would be nice if Amazon would provide this information , but since they do not , I will .
 I could n't find a production nor expiration dates on the product ! How am I supposed to know if it 's still usable ? Specially that I found some small masses formed within the liquid inside the bottle .
 Says they are too thick , like he is wearing 5 condoms instead of 1 . Just something to consider.I cant attest to the glow factor since you have to put them in front of a light first , then they will glow ... . i dont have patience for that . . i am not 15 sorry .
 I thought this was going to be super fun but it was barely glowing . Also , it is very thick . . -LRB- self explanatory -RRB-
 Wow , bought these for my friend because he gets it in a ton and I was worried he might get something or get someone pregnant . So i said what the hell i get him a cool little present . Well he did n't get them for almost a month and now he 's telling me they do n't even glow . Wow , I should have just got him strawberry ones .
 I dislike that in the product details it said this package would come with 12 condoms when it actually only came with 3 . I notice the picture said 3 so I checked the details to be sure so I figured it would actually come with 12 . This made me kind of mad . I 'll just hope that they actually work and look good I guess .
 The Global Protection Night Light Glow in the Dark condoms shipped by Amazon for ToysNGamesEtc is only the three pack as shown in the picture , not the 12 pack listed under the product features . The price is a little high for a three pack , look around you can find them cheaper . I contacted Amazon and asked them to fix the features listing . It 's been two weeks , they do n't seem to care . The Stars are for value .
 I received this product pretty fast after ordering it , but the damn thing broke the first time my girlfriend and I used them and now we do n't really wan na risk them breaking should we really get in to it . They broke right at the start ... but they do glow ... a lot .
 I used to use the old version and I loved it . It never broke while flossing . This one , after flossing like 3 teeth it breaks . Why did they have to change it ? It was great before . The 2 stars are for flavor and the nice texture of the floss , thats about it . I 'm disappointed with this product .
 The Country Life chelated magnesium tablets were purchased before learning that magnesium oxide , which is what these tablets are , is the least absorbable form of magnesium . Still , I hoped these chelated magnesium tablet6s would break down and be absorbed . To determine whether the tablets dissolved well , I placed one in vinegar and left it for 30-40 minutes , adequate time for it to dissolve , or at least show some progress . The outer ` layer ' had barely begun to break down in that time . The tablet was still solid . Since I have a bottle of 180 tablets , I 'll crush them , or cut them into smaller pieces and add to milk shakes , until they are used up . I will look for another form of magnesium that can be absorbed more efficiently next time , and in capsules .
 Tried this product for tennis elbow . Thought it would supply the needed support for golf , but because it wraps your entire elbow with fairly thick Neoprene the inflamed section of the elbow become even more painful , even when at rest . Perhaps it would work as a support after you 're recovered from tendinitis , but I have serious doubts .
 Wish I had n't bought it . Nothing more to say really but the review requires me have a certin number words . There !
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 Belt itself has not held up well . Approximately 1 month of use and it looks years old . For a short term use , this inexpensive belt is good , but I would recomend paying for a higher quality brace .
 it has a poor design that makes this belt unusable.The belt is not a straight from one to the other end , I mean it has that very inconvenient breaks here and there with unnecessary attachments , stretchable fabrics , in very obstructive locations imaginable . I kept it for weeks in case it might be useful in some ways , and then went into trash bin .
 After taking these prenatal vitamins for a couple of weeks , I 'm looking to switch brands . I started getting severely nauseaus . You also have to take 4 of these vitamins daily in order to get the daily dose . I 've taken these tablets with food and I 've had no relief . I would continue to look for other options if you have morning sickness . There are some prenatals with ginger in order to assuage nauseau .
 I purchased these vitamins , only to get them home and realize they contain phenylalanine . Conveniently , they put that little fact on the opposite side of the label from the nutrition facts . Luckily I saw it before I took them , but I am out the cost of the entire bottle . I think it is insane that any prenatal vitamin would contain phenylalanine , and they definitely appear to be trying to hide that information , so buyer beware !!
 The recommended amount of folic acid to take daily before pregnancy is 400 mg . I glanced at the `` supplement facts '' and saw `` 800 mg '' and bought this product , faithfully taking 1 tablet a day . This morning I happened to notice that the 800 mg is per serving - which is 4 giant pills a day ! Even my `` One a Day '' vitamins have 400 mg in just one vitamin ! I am so angry at myself and this riduculous company and scared that I will become pregnant now .
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I did not like this product . It did not do anything for my lips . I prefer a more emollient lip balm .
 Love the scent of this ! But it 's really sticky . I ca n't use it . When I talk , it does n't feel natural ... my lips stick together . So disappointed .
 The only one of the 4 heads that I can use is the interdental cleaner which I like very much . I just do n't like to have to purchase the other three items along with the interdental cleaners . Could these be sold separately ? Thanks
 This is a gag gift . You cant fit more then 1 tampon in it and then its difficult to zip closed . Very disappointing considering the cost .
 Although CoQ10 is certainly a very good supplement , this manufacturer adds SORBITOL , which is totally unacceptable by many . We resent non-discloslure prior to purchase and would NEVER buy this product again .
 This is one of the worst products that I have ever purchased.For the price that they charge a coustomer for this it shouldat least hold for an hour . I will never buy this again.Amazon sells good products but this is not one of them .
 Imagine my disappointment when I tried the product thinking it was the same product I used before . Not near as effective and Poligrip powder does a better job
 It did n't work for me . Nothing else has either - so far . I 've tried prescriptions , acupuncture , and other things , and so far still have problems . Had surgery for stress incontinence , so that is OK . But still have trouble with urge incontinence .
 I am not wealthy and have to really consider my options when searching for both healthy food and vitamins that I can afford . I understand that it does say in the description that there are 90 capsules , but i did not realize one dosage is 6 pills . SIX ! This is outrageously more expensive than I thought for not even a months supply of vitamins - sooo disappointed . I will not purchase this again . I do n't know how common it is to set a single dose at 6 pills but this sounds absolutely ridiculous to me . every vitamin i have ever ingested was a total of one or 2 pills at the max . Nature 's Life , you 've lost a customer .
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I do n't know if this product actually helped my baby at all . He still had awful gas pains even after taking it . We went through a bottle just to check but I do n't think I 'll be ordering anymore . I think the BabyBliss we had first worked better in combination with Mylicon drops .
 I used Woodward 's Gripe Water for my toddler when she was born back in 2008 , and it was amazing . Now that I just had my second daughter , I purchased two of these , only to find that they now contain methylparaben and propylparaben -LRB- which mimic estrogen in the body -RRB- , and the glass bottle is now plastic . I 'll be making my own at home , rather than subjecting my newborn to toxic chemical preservatives !
 This is not all natural . It has sodium benzoate , which has been linked to ADHD . I regret already trying this on my daughter .
 Works to a certain extent , but not really . It burns my gums and leaves my teeth with what looks like fluoride white spots . Do not recommend .
 I 'm sure these make your teeth whiter but the are very uncomfortable and you pretty much drool the whole 45 min you have them in .
 I was absolutely meticulous on how I used these whitening trays ... no results . Save your money .
 I tried this product today and was very disappointed . The trays were flimsy , would not stay in place , and the whitening liquid foamed into my mouth . It was a very unconfortable and unpleasant experience , and I could not tolerate the trays beyond 20 min -LRB- suggested time was 45 min -RRB- . This was disappointing because I had hoped for an improvement over the typical strips . The price was also high for a product that will now go into the garbage . I think I will go back to the strips and avoid Aquafresh products in general after this experience .
 The gel in the trays does not stay in place . Within 5 minutes of having them in my mouth the gel had slipped out and was dripping everywhere . The bottom tray was especially bad . Not sure how well they whiten because they do n't stay in place long enough to do any good . I would not recommend using these .
 I used this product for a week straight . I used it at the same time every night , and brushed my teeth prior to use just to make sure it was actually whitening my teeth and not food residue . I also took pictures prior to each use to see the progress . My upper teeth whitened slightly -LRB- mind you , my teeth were not even very yellow or discolored to begin with -RRB- , but it did not whiten my bottom teeth at all , at least not noticeably enough . Also , the gel always stayed in the upper tray , but always leaked out of the bottom tray which is why I think it did n't work . I was not satisfied and feel like I just wasted $ 35 and people will not even notice a difference .
 Over the last couple of years I have tried several teeth whitening products and this was by far not only the worst , but the most painful ! It rubbed my gums to the point of bleeding and the `` Trays '' did not do as good a job as the Crest White Strips . I have tried to contact Aqua Fresh , but after two phone calls the third number I was referred to was closed for the day . If you are looking for whiter teeth , try the Crest strips or if you use a tanning bed , Twighlight Teeth work much better .
 I have been using this product for about a week now and I have seen improvement in the color of my teeth . However , the product is absolutely disgusting to use . My experience today was pretty typical . I put the product in my mouth and found the tray would not stay in without providing support from lower lip/mouth . The trays need to be pushed somewhat against the mouth in order for the gel to be evenly distributed around the teeth . However , the gel has an alarming tendency to leak out of the trays and find its way into your throat . Flattening the trays to provide even distribution only makes this more likely . Once the gel gets into your throat you will find yourself desperately spitting/coughing/hacking to get it out . To illustrate , I used this product a few hours ago from 7:00 to 7:30 . From 7:30 to 8
 Grossest things alive ... The tray is flimsy , and the gel gets everywhere . I do n't throw up easily , and I ran to the toilet after having them on because I was going to puke . It feels disgusting in your mouth.I liked the tray idea ... but was thinking it would be more like a mouth guard , but it was really soft plastic that was n't stable ... and it did n't fit properly in my mouth either .
 1 -RRB- The trays that come with this product are thin and the edges hurt my gums sometimes .2 -RRB- Trays do not cover the back of your teeth , hence they do not get whitened -- but they should .3 -RRB- the `` gel '' has the consistency of play dough . It moistens in your mouth but not entirely . Even after an hour , I have taken the trays out and had some parts of them in pretty much the same shape . This is after smushing the tray against my teeth .4 -RRB- an hour is a long time for a product that does n't work . I used Rembrandt trays and after each use of those , my teeth were whitened more than a week of these .
 Things seemed well with these the first three days of use . They were n't horrible . They did n't fit very well but I really did feel like they worked good . I can tell after 4 days my teeth are very white ! However , today I had an interesting experience that I had n't had before . My gums were burning while I had them on . I took them off early -LRB- after only 25 minutes -RRB- because I could n't take the burning anymore . When I took them off I looked in the mirror and my bottom gums were sore , swolen , and WHITER than my teeth ! UGH ! They still hurt a few hours later . I probably will not use these ever again , nor will I recommend them to anyone ! I think I 'll stick with whitening strips !!!
 In spite of its great review in Real Simple Magazine , I was disappointed in White Trays . They were very difficult to keep in place on both the upper and lower teeth , so I 'm sure my teeth did n't get as white as promised . There was some improvement , but probably not enough to try them again
 I usually use Crest White Strips for my twice-yearly whitening , but saw the commercials for these white trays and thought they might be less messy than the strips . Boy was I wrong ! Problemo numero uno ? It 's EXTREMELY difficult to get the trays to stick to your teeth . They are so poorly shaped - like tupperware . You know , like when you get one side closed , but the other side pops open ? Secondly , the trays are teeny-tiny . They must 've been designed by oopla-loompas who were embarassed by their pearly yellows . The gel -LRB- which is very thick and looks like it 's been drying out for months -RRB- clumps up and oozed out of the trays , irritating my gums and turning them white , despite putting a little vaseline on them to protect them.The one postive thing is that my teeth do n't feel sensitive like they do when I use crest white strips . The kit I bought comes with a special toothpaste that prevents sensitivity , to which I credit the lack of teeth problems . No tooth whitening product is a walk in the park , but it should n't be this dreadful . I will definitely be going back to crest strips .
 I just got this product in today and after one use , I wo n't be using the remaining 6 `` trays '' . For one , I would n't even call these trays . They 're thin little pieces of plastic that were formed for a mouth not fit for a human . I 'm only 5 ' 7 '' , not a very big guy and these trays are too small for my teeth . In some parts , they do n't even touch my gums and I do n't have oddly large teeth or anything . Not only that , but you have to constantly keep your teeth biting against each other to hold them in to place because they certainly do n't mold.My bigger problem is the gel , though . Maybe I got a bad batch ? Everyone is complaining about too much of the gel in this stuff . That is what I was HOPING for . After using the whitening strips and whatnot , I wanted something that was going to evenly whiten all my teeth . I figured a lot of gel would make sure my teeth were all evenly coated . Not only do these crappy trays suck at fitting , but they only cover the front half of your teeth , they do n't go back nearly far enough , just like the whitening strips.Update - This is no longer the worst whitener I have used . This product is still terrible in my opinion , but ten fold better than Listerine 's whitener.The gel in the trays , for me at least , was just a thin strip on the bottom . There is so little that when I try and push it around in the tray , there is n't enough to cover all of my teeth.Simply put , this product is a joke . I had big hopes for it , but this garbage needs a lot of work . I gave it a 2 out of 5 just because the taste is n't horrible .
 I was so excited reading ads about it everywhere , now i regret I bought it . Yes , big chunks of hard gel was floating around in my mouth . I could n't spit them out because i was wearing the trays , so i had to swallow them most of the time ... Ewww ... To me , the trays are not flexible . They did n't curl to my teeth eventhough I tried to press them many times . The gel could n't be spead out evenly because it 's too dry and hard . Totally , it 's suck ! I thought I had found a better product than Crest , but i was wrong ! If you used Crest , stick with it ! There is nothing better at the moment !
 I have to confirm what most of the disappointed buyers say :1 . The trays are cut out of a plastic that do not always fit your teeth . While upper part fitted OK , the bottom one did not even touch the front of my teeth unless I pressed it with my fingers .2 . Gel makes your gums white ... whiter than your teeth ;-RRB- for approx . half an hour after taking trays off . Then you can see a bit of bleeding . I did not have this problem with any stripes.I only regret that I have not consulted Amazon 's reviews prior to buying - it would have saved me some money pain and disappointment .
 The gel does n't stay in the trays and gets in your mouth . It grosses me out and makes me gag . It probably works well but it 's too much torture . . I will stick to the strips
 I did n't really notice an overall dramatic whitening , but now I have very very white spots on my teeth . The gel sits in the bottom of the trays and you have to squish it to get it to cover up to the gumline . It was very hard for me to get an even distribution and now I have very noticeable white spots along the line where most of the gel sits at the bottom of the tray . Now I have to figure out what to do to fix the white spots ! -LRB- it says in the package that they are temporary , but these have lasted for days -RRB- .
 This is not a fluke / I just got my baces off and wanted to whiten my teeth the over the counter way before shelling out Big $ $ $ . After the 2nd treatment I noticed burning in the gums and much sensitivity with brushing . After looking closely at my gums , they were peeling where they come to a point between the front teeth . The trays do n't even cover my average size canine teeth , so the bottoms are more discolored then the whitened tops now.My wife is also using the product too , and shared with me that she is experiencing the same burning and skin peeling.I will be calling the company ! The instructions are very vague.Your tags
 I ` am generally very satisfied with all of the aquafresh toothpaste brands . In fact all I use is aquafresh toothpaste . When I got these trays , I was excited . Their website along with their commercials portrayed a seamless and easy non-messy application of this product . Boy is that deceiving . Not only can you not talk with the trays in your mouth but the gel literally spills all over the place once in your mouth . It 's not disgusting but annoying . It is however pretty effective if you can deal with the mess . I certainly would not buy this products as it is messy . Two stars for the effort .
 It 's like a giant step backwards . The `` trays '' are like primitive white strips . They are just awkward.They do whiten very well , quicker and faster than the white strips in my opinion . But , the negatives are pretty big . The gel expands or something and really burns my throat and makes me nauseated . I 'll finish out my pack , but never buy again .
 Using these trays is disgusting ... Big chunks of hard clear goo squirt out as you 're wearing them , makes you want to get sick . I am supposed to keep this gunk in my mouth for 45 minutes for 7 days ? No way . The trays are actually too soft , so you do n't get a snug fit , which makes them slip and slide around , annoying . I am going to suffer through the 7 days because I blew $ 35 on these ... Would never buy them again . Next year I 'll buy a kit that provides the custom tray , even if I have to pay a little bit more .
 You know ... I tried these.I 've also tried the white strips.I 've also tried hydrogen peroxide -LRB- which just so happens to be the main ingredient in most whitening products -RRB- . Out off all of them , the hydrogen peroxide works the best . 5 minutes a day swishing the generic store-brand 3 % stuff around my mouth and within 2 days , my teeth are MUCH whiter than they were . Now if I 'd quite smoking , they 'd actually stay that way.But seriously . These things are really uncomfortable if you do n't have totally straight teeth and they feel like they 'd be a tight squeeze even on totally straight teeth . I 'd avoid them.And besides ... < 2 dollars for hydrogen peroxide ... over 30 for these !? No-brainer I 'm telling you ...
 I saw a commercial , I read a reviews - and so I bough one box at Walmart . It 's not worth it , that 's my conclusion . The trays are made of very thin plastic-like material , and are very difficult to position properly on your teeth . The active gel easy goes out of trays , and fills your mouth . During first couple od uses , after 20 min or so I started to feel a vague pain in my gum . Nevertheless , I continued using the product for all 7 days , as advertised , 30 min a day . After the whole package was gone , the change of color of my teeth is barely visible . I hope you will have better luck .
 I read all the reviews , good and bad . And decided to try the product anyway . The negetive reviews were right . This product is awful ! The trays are cheap paper type material , they do not stay on and the gel burns your gums . I took them out after 5 mins and my teeth felt sensitive already . I am taking these back tomorrow.Going to try Crest Whitestrips next .
 This product would work better if the trays stayed in place and the gel could spead over your teeth evenly.I found even after five days the bottom tray hard to keep in place and most of gel going down my throat!The whitening/pain ratio is about the same as Crest strips . I found minimal irritation with average results.Please take back to the DRAWING BOARD for better results !
 The nice thing about these trays is they are fairly easy to use . However , I found they do not completely cover my upper or lower teeth -LRB- maybe I have big teeth -RRB- and they do not seat really well on the teeth . If you get them on properly , they do stay in place pretty well . But , it took me a day or two to get them on properly.The gel is very thick and does not easily spread out to cover the teeth . If you just put the trays on and do not `` squish '' them down to spread the gel , you 're going to end up with uneven whitening . Overall , I think I like the way the Crest White Strips work a little better . I thought the trays would be easier to use . But , I will probably go back to the Crest product when I need my next round of whitening .
 These are , by far , the worst choice for whitening . The `` trays '' do n't mold to your teeth at all , they are extremely flimsy , they feel horrible , and they do n't stay put . The whitening gel is disgusting , like thick mucous , and it made me gag when I took the trays out of my mouth because of the way it was hanging on parts of my teeth and the texture is gross . I wish I had `` listened '' to the others who reviewed this product that had similar things to say .
 After user # 1 I was REALLY impressed . My teeth were noticeably whiter -- almost gleaming . After use number two I noticed a bit more whitening but not as dramatic . On use # 3 I felt some discomfort after putting the trays in . After about 1/2 hour it was really starting to hurt and I thought something must be wrong so I took them out . My gums were bleached white!I was really freaked out by this but for the most part it did subside after about 1/2 an hour . However , there was some lingering damage done that , while not severe , is annoying -LRB- there is still a slight bit of bleeding -RRB- . I have perfectly healthy gums so I was surprised by this ... the third tray did some fairly serious damage to otherwise healthy gums.My advice , if it hurts at all that is not normal and you should take them out .
 I will give both the PRO 's & CON 's about these.PRO 's : * it does make a noticible difference as far as whitening , I noticed a difference after the first use * you 're done in 5-7 days * it did n't taste horrible to me , kind of mintyCON 's : * more expensive than other whiteners * the trays are HORRIBLE . My teeth are smaller & my teeth straight but these did n't fit at all . Most people would not be able to fit these on their teeth correctly * it did burn my gums . I 've used other whiteners and never burned my gums * made my teeth more sensitive & painful than they have ever been . Sometimes just sitting with the tray in my mouth I would get a shooting pain through my teeth . I kept getting pains for a couple of months after using these . And I 've never gotten any pains with any other whitening product beforeI would not recommend this product . The trays will not fit the majority of peoples teeth , they are more expensive , burns gums , makes teeth sensitive and again I have to say how horrible the trays are , did I mention that the trays were horrible?Next time around I would use Crest White Strips . They are cheaper and although they take longer to use , my teeth didnt get sensitive , my gums didnt get burned and those will form to any teeth . Plus , look at all the positive reviews compared to the many negative reviews on these .
 This product was difficult to use as it did not want to stay on your teeth . The gel was also hard to spread around on your teeth . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I have had professional bleaching and used different versions of Crest whitestrips in the past . I thought that I would try something different out of curiosity . I tried twice . It is difficult to position the trays and get the `` goop '' on the front of the teeth . I have a rather small mouth and the trays barely fit over my teeth . They did n't stay in place long enough to get results.I went back to classic Crest whitestrips . I have n't found anything to beat them yet . I plan to call Aquafresh about this product , as I would have gladly spent $ 30 + on something worthwhile rather than this product that will probably end up in the trash .
 Yes , I tryed the new Aquafresh Trays , and do not like them . Agree with most others , the trays do not stay put/do not fit teeth well.Big chunks of gel , ends up in your mouth , and its GROSS.I will be going back to the Crest Strips .
 This product is horrible . The trays are very thin , filled with little ropes of gel that is too thick to spread and cover the teeth . So when you `` gently press tray with fingers to spread the gel onto and around teeth '' as instructed , it just oozes out over the tray in whole chunks of gel , which you then have to spit out , becasue they are floating uselessly in you mouth . I 've tried them on three separate occasions and the rest is going to the trash . Just does not work . I 've tried three or four other bleaching systems over the years that have worked much better . This is the worst , by far . If I could give it `` 0 '' stars , I would .
 It was an awkward mess - smushing gel over my teeth with a piece of flimsy plastic that barely adhered , much less fit securely . It 'd probably be easier without the trays . I do n't know if they work or not . I gave up . I want my Crest Whitestrips back .
 I decided to try these because the whitestripes fall off my teeth , but I 've had to throw away two trays because if the gel comes out it automatically gives me a gag-reflex . You have to not squeeze the gel too much otherwise this happens . I plan to use the rest of the trays until they are gone because they do whiten my teeth , but I will not be buying these again . At least the whitestripes did n't make me gag !
 If you have sensitive teeth do n't buy this . It hurt so bad . And you have to wear it for 45 minutes for 7 days in a row . I think that is a bit much . But that was my experience , after the 3rd night , I stopped ...
 Well I have my Marine Corps ball coming up in vegas at the end of the week and decided to get my teeth whitened for it . I do n't make much money as it is , but this was by far the BIGGEST waste of $ 30 spent . I should have just gone with the generic brand teeth whitener they had at the on base store , it was half the price at $ 15 , and twice the size of these trays.I have big teeth , and most trays dont completely fit my mouth . But this one ? It doesnt even make it a quarter of the way around my teeth , and the gel thing is ridiculous . It has a small lining around the base that you have to put on your teeth yourself when applying the tray , where as the cheaper generic brand as the gel already evenly applied on the whole tray.Too put it simple , I would n't recommend this product for ANYONE , but if you really want to try it be my guest . If you are big toothed like myself , expect a very uneven white teeth . Kindve like a farmers tan ...
 I like my teeth white . But when it requires 45 minutes of searing pain , no-thank-you ! I was excited to try this product since it presents itself as better than competitors ' white strips . And white it does indeed whiten my teeth , the second I apply the trays my gums start to burn like crazy.When I removed the tray , my gums were swollen and almost completely white for 24 hours . Did the bleach actually get to my gum tissue ? Eeeks ! I looked like son of Dracula ! So much for a pretty smile .
 I also had the same problem with the gel being released into my mouth . I did n't see a noticable change in the coloring of my teeth either
 What a pain to use - and a complete waste of money . I thought the trays were terrible - they did n't fit my teeth and then kept falling off . I ended up using my own night guards to see if this worked better - the solution burned my gums and really made my teeth sensitive . I finally quit after 4 nights . I truly would not recommend this product .
 So , I used these last week and I still have strange white spots on my teeth . The product package says that it is temporary and will go away with continued use , but I 've used the 7 days worth and waited a couple days and the spots are still there . I also did not like the way my gums felt afterward . They were sore and one time the white tray bleached them and my gums were burning . It was quite painful , actually . I would not recommend these . I think my teeth may be a tiny bit whiter , but not worth the $ 30.00 , the pain , or the trouble , especially if these white spots stay on my teeth !
 I have used this for the three days in which the product guaranteed visible results . I do see a difference in how much whiter my teeth are , but it was excruciatingly painful to use this.The first day , it was uncomfortable and I noticed that I was starting to have sores in my mouth . The second day , I was having trouble eating with the sores in my mouth and when I used it , I would rate the pain at a 7 out of 10 with more sores . The third day , I tried it again because the package said that discomfort would be normal ... this did NOT seem normal . I just about had it . I put my finger to one of the sores and it popped ! Gross ! They were blisters of some sort ! I wanted to grumble and keep using it because I paid good money for it ... but it is n't worth it . I felt that it was much better to watch out for myself and keep myself happy and not in so much pain .
 This product is horrible . I gave it a second chance and both times it burned my gums and made them white.The whiteness goes away in about 2-3 hours but still.I couldnt use them for the 30 min and it 's painful.I 've used a few other teeth whiteners before and this is the first time this has ever happened to me.Not recommended , stay away !
 I bought these for my husband . We were VERY dissapointed . The trays are too small and very gooey . The taste is horrible . We do n't know if they whitened his teeth , because he could not get through the first day . I tried them the next day , and I agreed . They went straight to the trash.Save your money or try something else .
 I am only on my second day and am afraid to finish the pack . I had the trays on for 45 minutes as instructed and when I took them off my gums looks damaged . They were white and discolored , but now the color is returning . The gel really hurts my gums . I 've used Crest strips and did not have this much tooth and gum pain . It 's not worth taking the risk of using this product .
 I did n't have any problems using this product and had super high hopes for it because of the reviews . However , these trays did n't whiten my teeth at all , really . I feel like I now have to go and buy a different whitening product and spend more money . It 's sad and disappointing - feels like I wasted my money .
 I have used most of the box , and the trays slip off my teeth very easily . Once I get them in place I can not release the pressure on my teeth at all or they slip , some of the gel comes out into my mouth , and they are not as effective . Also , I have receding gums and these trays do not even come close to covering all of the length of my teeth . They are also VERY short &#8212; they only cover the front teeth and do not reach very far around to the sides.Despite all that , my teeth do appear to be whiter , but they are unpleasant to use . I just ordered another product , SuperSmile , and I 'll see how that goes . it 's not a tray , so it should solve several of the problems these trays have .
 Super uncomfortable and gross with nasty gel stuff that is impossible not to swallow . Just get whitening toothpaste and do chores with the toothpaste in your mouth for about 10 minutes . Keeps my teeth white , is clean , not gross and does n't matter if you swallow some .
 I do n't like this product because the gel is si gloppy and falls out of the trays while on my teeth . The gel is not very soft and stays glopped together as one piece . It also gave me a blister on the inside of my mouth . I wo n't buy it again .
 I had been using the white strips and decided to try the aquafresh white trays.They DO whiten your teeth , but the bottom tray will NEVER stay on , ever . Top tray is good and reliable and works if you only want half of a white smile . Again , the bottom tray would n't stay on and did n't cover my teeth completely.Hope this helps !
 I 've tried many different whitening items in the past , and I must say these are the worst ! While the gel actually does whiten a bit , it is impossible to apply evenly over the teeth . The thick , ropey gel did not spread like it was supposed to , resulting in uneven coverage and spotting , and the trays did not fit my teeth at all . The old fashioned , dip in boiling water clunky trays are much better than these . Save your money -- get Crest Whitestrips instead . They work better , fit and conform to the teeth and are not messy at all .
 I can not stand this pain ! I just used aquafresh whitening trays on my teeth , i 've been having pain for 5 hours already and it does n't go away , i took 3 painkillers , does n't help ! it hurts ! aaa ...
 The tray fits fine on my upper teeth but not my lower . The only reason I can figure for this is that two of my lower teeth are not perfectly straight . I had to hold my jaw in a very awkward position to keep the trays in place for the necessary time .
 It whitened my teeth a little but not to the extent advertised . And it was very messy ! You have to leave the trays on for an hour , so if you want to do it make sure you have no one you need to talk to and that the phones are off the hook . Its very inconvient and it sortof irritated my gums . Also its very foamy , so like I said , messy . Goodluck
 The trays are flimsy/poorly cut vinyl plastic . They barely cover the top section of your teeth and will not stay in place . Pretty pissed I spent $ 25 on this . Do yourself a favor and stick to the Crest strips .
 Absolutely awful . The worst whitener I 've ever used . I got 20 minutes into the first tray and nearly died from the pain . The goo is too firm and does n't spread evenly , so it just pools and collects unevenly on the teeth and gums . The flimsy little tray does not conform to your teeth and just causes more problems.In the past I 've used Crest as well as Rembrandt , both with decent results . I think from now on I 'll stick with Crest . It 's very expensive but worth EVERY penny .
 Cheap and flimsy . I can not imagine how they could not come up with a better design . I think they put more thought into the packaging than into the product !
 This product is really difficult to use ! I 've used crest whitestrips and these trays are more difficult . The product shifts in the mouth and I 've wasted like half of my trays . I 'm going to try to get a refund .
 This product burnt the roof of my mouth ... and did n't whiten my teeth . : -LRB-
 Do n't waste your money on this product , it will be the worst 45 minutes of your day . If I even saw these at the dollar store I would n't buy them . First of all the trays do n't fit right , I ca n't imagine they will fit anyone right unless you are the one they molded them after . Second , the gel that is in them oozes out and into the back of your throat causing you to swallow it quite often , it 's awful and gross . The other thing is , do n't even think of talking with these in , because they will come loose and once again the gross gel will ooze out . I 'm very disappointed that Aquafresh would put their name on these . I have found the best whitening product is the Rembrandt strips , they stay on your teeth and you can talk with them in , they stay on better than the crest whitestrips , although with both , I think you will get the same result .
 the trays were easy but if your teeth are not perfect the trays do not work . Top trays fit fine but bottom did n't work because my bottom teeth are crooked .
 only for those people with no crowns or bonding on teeth ... it will only work on natural tooth enamel , Too bad they do n't tell you that before purchasing !!!!
 These Aquafresh trays are a waste of money . They are very uncomfortable and hard to keep on your teeth and the gel does not spread through the tray ... you still have clumps of unused gel in the tray after your 45 minutes are up . I personally like the crest whitestrips 100 % better . I only tried these because they are new but would never buy them again .
 I have no idea how effective the gel is because I can not even get the trays to stay in place around my teeth , especially the lower one . Did they actually test these trays on human subjects before going to market ? This is the worst teeth whitener product I have ever used , including the generic versions .
 This is really the first product review I 've ever done and the reason I 'm doing it is because this product is just awful . Expensive , too . You have to use the toothpaste for up to two weeks to insure against sensitivity . However , the flimsy `` trays '' do n't stay on your teeth long enough to warrant the toothpaste . As another reviewer said , you have to keep your teeth clamped together to avoid the trays popping out , and the gel is disgusting . I do n't know if they whiten or not , because no way can I keep these in for up to 45 minutes . What a waste of money !
 I thought these trays were absolutely terrible . First of all , they only covered half of each of my teeth and I do n't have overly large teeth . Second , they would n't stay in place right off the bat . Third , the thick gooey gel came out of the tray immediately and got all over the inside of my mouth . These stupid tiny trays did n't `` mold '' around my teeth at all . What an awful product and a huge waste of my money . I 'm sticking with Rembrandt .
 The first two-three days were fine but day four , the trays burned my gums white and in one spot , brown ! It hurts . Plus , the whitening is n't as a great as Crest . The trays also are n't large enough for long teeth and they do n't whiten the backs of teeth ; only the front . Coloring on the back of teeth and affect the color seen by people when you smile .
 I did n't see much changes after 7 days . It bleached my gum and peeled the gum between my two front teeth , and it also irritated my tongue . However , all this discomfort were bearable . I am not going to buy it again because it did n't bleach my teeth much.I had a lot of foam and saliva during the treatment , so I am not sure if that is the reason the outcome was n't so good . I used Colgate whitening gel before , and it did n't work either . Therefore , I decide that I am going to let dentist bleach my teeth next time . Hopefully , I would have better luck.Use it before you brush your teeth will reduce the irritation to your gum and teeth . I could go for 45 minutes when I used it before I brushed my teeth .
 I just used the trays for the first time and at about 15 minutes I had such a sharp pain happen that I spit out the trays -LRB- and the gross gel -RRB- into my hands and had to go rinse my mouth out.Upon checking my teeth to see what happened I noticed a BIG crack running down the entirety of my front left tooth . It does n't really hurt anymore and it does n't feel like it 's on the surface , but it was n't there before I used this.You can bet that I 'm calling the company on monday and that I 'm going to go get this checked out by a dentist .
 these taste terrible , they do n't form to your teeth , the gel is too solid to get into all the right places . i had chunks of slimy gel floating around in my mouth , and the bottom tray never stayed in place . i 'll stick to crest whitestrips from now on .
 They are a waste of time and money . They put goo in your mouth and not as much on your teeth . After a week , my teeth are the same color as when I started .
 This product does not whiten like I expected and the trays are awkward and not maliable enough to conform correctly to your teeth . Also , the gel does n't hit every spot so the tops of my teeth are n't the same color as the base . And when you 're done with it it leaves big chunks of gel in your mouth that made me gag . I also had to search all over for how long to leave them in ... it 's not on the instruction insert but on the box in tiny little letters.Instead of these go with Crest Professional Whitestrips . You ca n't get them in stores -- I could only find them online .
 For the price of this product , the design of the disposable trays are weak . The trays do n't cover the majority of your teeth , and the bottom trays are even smaller in size . If your mouth is the size of a kid , they may work fine . But I would not buy this product again , and I 'm applying for a refund .
 I really , I mean REALLY , wanted to like these . I love the concept , but the trays are very flimsy and do n't make anything like a `` custom '' fit . A lot of the product came out from the back and the sides . I just got too grossed out thinking of what I was swallowing ! I gave it two stars though , because the gel did whiten pretty well .
 I bought this product because , in comparison to most whitening products , it seemed relatively quick and easy . I sincerely regret my purchase . The trays do not fit properly . They try to flop around in your mouth , the gel comes out and it does not taste that great . The worst part is that this product `` burned '' my gums and gave me terrible teeth sensitivity - which I have never had prior to using this product . The product does whiten . However , I have a very tiny mouth and the product only whitened half of each tooth ! It looks ridiculous . I plan on going to the dentist and getting professional whitening .
 I have used a lot of different tooth whiteners since they have become easily available over-the-counter several years ago . I am by far the least impressed the Aquafresh White Trays . I have chemical burns on my gums , the gel slides out as I wear them and I inevitably swallow at least some of it , which makes my stomach hurt , and I can not move my mouth at all while using them -LRB- the recommended time to leave them on is 30-45 minutes -RRB- or the bottom tray slides off . I have seen noticeable whitening of my teeth with this product , but no more than with other products I have used in the past . I will not purchase this particular product again .
 This product made part of my gums white and puffy after wearing the trays for 20 minutes . I have healthy gums overall , so I guess they are `` sensitive '' . The whiteness has subsided after about 30 minutes but I will not use this product again . Be careful and if your gums sting , remove the trays and rinse . Better yet -- do n't get this product .
 I whiten my teeth about every 4 months . I always used Crest Whitestrips because they had the strongest whiteners , but did n't like the way the strips slid around my mouth . I then found `` American Fare '' brand at Kmart -LRB- which are still # 1 in my book - I 'll explain after . -RRB- I was reluctant to try Aqua-Fresh because they were about $ 5 more then Crest , but after hearing they had even stronger whiteners I bought them . I give them 1 star because I do feel that they did whiten my teeth better and faster then anything else I 've used but the delivery system makes them unbearable and I 'll never buy them again.Trays are to small , gel seeps out everywhere * GROSS * , I think I swallowed more then got on my teeth . I gagged and choked , you ca n't even open your mouth with these things in let alone TALK . So you have to be completely silent and spit out clumps of gel that seep out the entire 30-45 min . I do n't even think I have to continue.Try `` American Fare '' from K-mart . They have the exact same solution as the Crest which all dentists recommend , they 're $ 10 cheaper then the Aqua Fresh , and the trays are made of * wax * so they will mold to your teeth . -LRB- I always do the `` Primum 7 day '' who wants to use this stuff for 14 days anyway ? -RRB-
 I used this product for two days . The first day was n't painful at all , but I was nauseated after using it for the maxiumum length of 45 minutes . The second day I noticed some discomfort about half way through that same amount of time . By the end of the 45 minutes that second day , I was nauseated again , one of my front teeth hurt badly , and my gums and lips were chemically burned to the point that I had blisters that took three days to heal . I 'm too afraid to put them in again.I did notice my top teeth were slightly whiter , but it did nothing for my bottom teeth . I originally purchased this product over others because I thought the trays might cover more teeth than the others -LRB- instead of just the front four -RRB- , but this was n't the case . Not only did they not cover more teeth , they also did not reach to the top of the teeth they were supposed to cover . So they are short both in width and in height . Overall , I have to say it was a terrible waste of money .
 I drink coffee and red wine and I need a little whitening boost every once in awhile . Usually , I use Crest Whitestrips but I had seen advertisements for these and figured the tray design might be better than the strips , since after all , that 's what dentists use.Well , I should have just stuck to what I knew worked . The design of the product is materially flawed , and it just does n't work very well . The trays are literally tray-shaped - they are flat in the front as well as the back . I do n't know about most people , but my front teeth are shaped like wedges , not bricks . Basically , the design of the trays means that you have to bend and fold the trays around your front teeth to get them to stay on . Which leads to the second problem - the directions instruct you to push on the trays to spread the gel around so it covers the teeth . Well , the first night I used these , I pushed on the trays too hard and the gel gooshed out all over my mouth . YUCK . It stings the back of your throat . I ended up having to take the tray out , gargle with water - I had tears in my eyes ! - and put the tray back . The next night , in order to avoid pushing the gel out of the tray , I did n't push it as hard and I realized that I was n't getting very complete coverage over my teeth . This , to me , is ridiculous . With Whitestrips I do n't have to worry about positioning the product so that I get appropriate whitening coverage - it 's part of the product design . I do n't get why this product would have any kind of advantage over the strips ? Plus , the trays are not very large and did n't cover the same number of teeth -LRB- in my mouth -RRB- that the deluxe Whitestrips did . I have larger teeth and I definitely show more of them when I smile than these trays cover . I honestly almost did not continue using the White Trays because of all these issues , but I had paid money for them and did n't feel like hassling with the return , but at the same time , did n't want them to go to waste.As for the whitening effect - it was fine - after three nights I had some whitish spots on my teeth that went away the next night . After 7 nights my teeth were noticeably whiter , but not as white as they had been the last time I used Whitestrips . Probably because the gel had covered my teeth insufficiently.Would I buy this product again ? NO WAY ! Not when there is a competing product out there available at a comparable price that is far easier to use and gives better results . With Whitestrips you just put them on and go , there 's no positioning involved , you do n't have to worry about spreading the gel around to get even whitening , etc. . There 's way too much work and guesswork involved with this product to make it worth it . Honestly , I think Aquafresh needs to take this product back to the drawing board .
 The Aquafresh trays only reach the top half of teeth and they are too flimsy . If they would cover the entire tooth I think this would be a good product .
 I did read reviews half good half bad but i did n't think it was THIS bad . The trays honestly refuse to stay in place . It took 2 tries for me to get them to stay in my mouth -LRB- by clenching my jaw for the 45 minutes of horror -RRB- To notice that after all of the gel slips and slides around -LRB- and out of the tray -RRB- that only HALF of my teeth were whiter after every use . Luckily the effect seems to fade -LRB- as in my teeth do n't look as nice and shiny white as they do right after i remove the trays -RRB- by the time i wake up in the morning which i find rather odd considering i do n't eat after i use the trays . Over all I 've gotten alo ' t more results from using whitening mouthwashes for less of a hassle .
 These white strips had hurt my teeth and made my gums white . The trays also were n't very well fitting . I discontinued using them after 3 uses . After those 3 uses I really did n't see a noticeable change in the color of my teeth either . I think in the future I will look into getting them professionally whitened and lay off of the coffee and soda .
 I tried this over three days as my teeth are stained from coffee , cola , and red wine . Now , my tongue and gums are burned and sore . My teeth are a tiny bit whiter , but not much . -- It hurt a little each time I used the product , but today -LRB- the third day -RRB- is the worst . I might try Crest White Strips , but I understand I might get a chemical burn from them , too.Per the American Dental Association site , I dentists use materials to protect your gums from the bleach . Whitening at the dentist 's is way more expensive than doing it at home , but I think it might be worth it.Additional notes on the Aquafresh product :1 -RRB- It fit my mouth pretty well .2 -RRB- You have to mash the ropy gel -LRB- prefilled into the trays -RRB- onto your teeth . It can break a bit , but if you do it quickly , seems to go on fine .3 -RRB- I salivated from the gel , which tastes a bit minty , but not as good as some toothpastes .4 -RRB- Upon completion , I swished water in my mouth to evacuate the clumps of gel .5 -RRB- I had some dramatic white spots on a couple of molars . I noticed what appear to be white scratches on my front teeth . Otherwise , I do n't really see that it did much . -- I wonder if they might include some color charts so one might better assess if the product is actually working .
 This is the worst tooth whitening product ever ... I have tried all other teeth whiteners and this is by far the worst product . The trays do n't stay in your mouth and the gel gets everywhere . Do n't spend your money here !
 I got this product because I like the tray idea for teeth whitening and it was horrible . I put it on like any other teeth whitening products and the gel started seeping out of the trays . Instead of staying in the tray , it started dripping into my mouth making me gag . I thought it was just me so I made my husband try it . Pretty soon , he was gagging too . Not a good product and I had to return it .
 This product is poorly designed . The trays are flimsy such that they generally will not stay in place . The gel is meant to be pushed against your teeth so that the trays and gel will always cover the surface of your teeth , but this mechanism does not work . The gel is not adhesive enough to stay in place . You will often find clumps of it come out the edges , forcing you to either swallow it or risk losing the entire tray when trying to spit the gel out . Perhaps the intensity of the gel would work better than that of competitor 's white strips , but since the gel rarely stays on , it 's impossible to tell . I will go back to strips and stay away from these trays . It was a true waste of money and I regret having tried what I thought would be more like a professional teeth-whitening kit .
 I did not see the `` expires 8/11 GOOD UNTIL THE END OF AUGUST '' note until just now and I ordered this item a week or so ago . I plan on returning it as soon as I get it . The note is not anywhere on the selling page . Also , I 'm not guaranteed to receive this item until the middle of September .
 I realize everyone 's teeth - and tastes - are different , but I was not blown away by this product . After using it as directed for seven days , I 'd say my teeth are a teeny bit brighter but not really noticeably `` whiter . '' I think if they made this a 10 day regimen , it would be satisfactory . As it is , I think I 'll try another round of whitening with another brand . On the plus side , the trays are pretty easy to use .
 The trays must have been molded for a 5 year old . They are tiny , good luck fitting them if you have undergone puberty already.They are also completely inflexible , waste of time and money
 trays are small and way to flexible to hold in place . too bad because the whitener seems to work fairly well .
 Trays cover a small number of teeth as well as a small per cent of each tooth . This product is one of the more expensive whiteners !
 Cups are not worth the money they are soft and do n't do the job advertisedvery unhappy with them and had to reorder Tuli 's hard plastic cups later inanother order do n't waste your money.Cups are to flimsy and to much jelly .
 not sure what the point of these is ... but they suck ! rubbed up against the back of my heel .
 These may reduce heel pain a little , but they 're not at all curative for plantar fasciitis . Best thing appears to be stretching the tendon on a stair step or even those night time foot attachments to pull your foot up .
 Heal Cups are a Hit or Miss item . Either it works or it does n't work for you . I ordered three different ones -LRB- classic , gel , heavy duty -RRB- for my son to use . He tried the regular &#34; classic &#34; ones . It seems to work ok , but he decided he did not like how it feels and stopped wearing it , claims the pain went away.I tried returning the other two unused ones , but found out they are classified as personal items , and are NOT returnable !!! Buyer beware , these are not like shoes that are returnable .3 stars for the item , minus 2 stars for Amazon return policy for this item .
 Complete dissapointment , cheap quality , does not stay in shoe . I would not recommend this product even if it was free . I tried to return and could not so it went in the recycling bin .
 These feel very odd , they lift your foot up so that there is little to no arch support and they do n't provide any noticeable cushion . After several hours the very back of my heel hurt more than normal because all of the pressure seemed to be placed there . Save yourself money and pain , avoid this product .
 Tried to find a way to make these work . Tried in work boots , running shoes , and street shoes . They are rubbery , thin and very flexible . Wo n't stay put long enough to get your foot into the shoe . Do n't offer much cushioning or stability . The material also collects dirt and sand and it becomes embedded in them . Gave up and tossed 'em ...
 This BPM is very inconsistent in its readings . The readings jump all over the place in one sitting . I bought the HEM-711DLX because of the Comfit cuff . I think that the hard board on the inside actually cause the readings to be inaccurate . And the cuff belies it name and is not comfortable at all.Example of inaccuracy
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I did n't think I had that large of a head , the closed loop of these glasses , and the limited adjustability made my purchase impossible to use.Good quality construction , but definitely for those with small heads .
 These are clumsy ... I agree with Keith , in the review above . My hubby has a big neck -LRB- from football physique -RRB- and these are not comfortable for him . I would still like the magnetic front closure , but it would be nice if the back , that goes around your neck , were a bit more flexible.As it is now , I have to unconnect these so many times , it 's irritating . They do n't just slide off , like on a chain of rope . You have to pull them apart and connect them around your neck . Then pull them apart and re-adjust them on the bridge of your nose . I know this sounds petty , or silly , but until you wear them , it 's hard to explain . You ca n't just ` flick ' them off ... they are wrapped around your head . I think you will either love or hate this feature.Also , I would prefer that the magnifying lenses be like half-lenses so if I have to get up and walk around , or look at something in the distance , I could just look over the tops of the lenses.Maybe it 's all in what you 're used to ... but I wo n't buy another pair until there are some changes in the design .
 When my friend told me that she saw these glasses hanging around a woman 's neck and how they worked I had to have them!Well , I have them and rarely , if ever , wear them.The frame is made of a stiff material , so first and foremost , if you want to rest your head on the back of a chair or carseat , they are pushed forward , off of your face . When hanging around the neck , one ca n't just slide them up to the eyes , they must be opened and put on above at the forehead and slid into place . And they 're not attractive looking when on , either.In other words , they 're a pain in the neck !
 Sent them back . Was not what I was expecting . The head band part is ridged and not flexable . Uncomfortable over ears and forget about having a ponytail in because it will not fit over or under one .
 I was very disappointed in the Clic Readers . The glasses themselves were great butI purchased them for my wife and she will hardly use them because the strap was tooshort . Even after adjusted all the way out . So now she has a pair that are kept in the drawer and will never be used .
 Good concept . Like others who have reviewed the product , it is just a little too small for my big head so the glasses jam up against my eyeballs particularly when I bend my head back . Too bad because I so wanted this to work for me .
 The extention on the arms is not long enough to fit my head.It needs to come out about another inch or two.That would give you more of an adjustment.Do you have another size ? I would be glad to swap .
 I was very disappointed with the way the glasses fit . I was away when the glasses arrived . When I returned , I found that I missed the deadline in sending them back .
 The idea of these glasses is truly great . Unfortunately , I had to get rid of them because my face started to swell up and my skin felt strange plus I got headaches . Finally , I figured out that this was caused by the built-in magnet on the bridge of the glasses . The symptoms went away when I stopped wearing the glasses . I miss them , but I can not wear them , it was a frightening experience.Anybody who is considering wearing these glasses and is sensitive or allergic in any way , watch out !!!
 Over 2 yrs , bought 5 pair . All broke in same place , behind the left ear , rendering them unusuable . Clic company took no responsibility , just suggested buying more . Too bad . Sold lots of them to others . They had the same problem after a few months . A responsible company would listen . They did n't .
 These glasses do not work . not only do they look cheap -LRB- worst of plastic ever ! -RRB- they never fit anyone properly !! and the lenses are even worst ! they fog up so easily , scratch even with tissue and none of the four i bought have the right prescribed reading grade . save your money - not even worth a penny . If you must have them , the black looks half way decent . Red really looks the worst of the bunch - looks like toy plastic .
 Idea is OK -LRB- because of television -RRB- , but the glasses will only fit a VERY small person or someone with a very narrow head - less the size 7 !!!!
 I tried to purchase a CliC reader -- unfortunately , I was NOT allowed to do so as I live in Australia!The idea sounds great , and probably lots of my friends in our embroidery group -LRB- and their friends -RRB- would have been interested as well , but - I ca n't purchase the initial set.Bit short-sighted -- I definitely will NOT buy at an inflated price at your choice of importer .
 GOOD IDEA , BUT THEY LOOK VERY GEEKY . WHEN THEY CONNECT , THEY ARE TOO TIGHT . OK FOR AROUND THE HOUSE , FISHING ETC. , BUT DO N'T LET ANYONE SEE YOU WEARING THEM . MAY GET YOU A STARRING ROLE IN THE NEXT `` REVENGE OF THE NERDS '' MOVIE !
 The product was too small to go around my head - and the lens were not the correct specifications.I still could not see through the lens .
 Glasses are good until after a month it goes from clear to green and leaves green dye on your face . Buy the black ones though because the glasses are sound and tough , but not the clear .
 I do n't care for these readers . I own about 40 pair of reading glasses . I 'm helpless without them . I wear them on my head . I liked the idea of wearing them around my neck instead . They are difficult to adjust . They do n't adjust properly for me . They are stiff and cumbersome . Maybe they work better for large heads , I do n't know . I 'm an average-size woman . I 'll stick to my Wal-Mart $ 7.99 readers .
 These glasses work as advertised but are very uncomfortable to wear . I would not recommend them .
 I tried these , because I got tired of losing my glasses . They are too tight on my head , as I ca n't slide them down my nose as I do normal reading glasses.As I am a nurse I am constantly going from needing to see closely to not and back again . I like wearing my glasses on the tip of my nose , and these did not allow me to do it , therefore I never wear them .
 These glasses are very sturdy but they 're so stiff and wide around your head that they do n't stay on your nose . My neck aches when I wear them . Save your money ...
 Looked like a great invention - UNFORTUNATELY , glasses are too tight around my head - I do not have a small head but not a large one either-Needless to say , these do not work at all .
 At first I thought it would be a good idea ... but actually they look horrible - like saftey glasses or something . Maybe if you are a geeky guy these are a good solution - but if you want to avoid looking like an idiot you should move on to something more stylish
 If your hat size is 7.5 or above skip this product .
 these things are extremely tight and dont position far enough down my nose . They definatley need a larger version .
 This is a good idea , but if you are a large man with a large neck and a large face , these glasses will not fit you.I gave mine away to a friend that could fit them .
 These glasses were a bit of a disappointment . The convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . And actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . Great idea but maybe some `` fine tuning '' would help ... like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck .
 Nice idea and they seem well made , but if your head is larger than average , they wo n't fit.As soon as I tilt my head up , they un-snap . A shame really ... Just read about the inventor in Fortune Small Business and it 's a great story , but an investment in other sizes would be wise .
 They are good but not great . My head is not parade float size , but they are snug to uncomfortable after wearing they for a while.I must 've missed the fact that the neck strap is rigid . If you tilt your head up , it will be annoying because that neck strap/pipe thing will push the glasses forward.I got the clear , the downside is the magnet is visible so you will be rocking a Revenge of the Nerds taped glasses look.Otherwise , good reading glasses . Too big for my taste , going back to cheaper readers with an over the counter cloth neck strap . Those are not worth the expense .
 This product should be available in stores in order to be tried on to determine fit and feel . Does not work well with long hair . I found it to be more a hassle than a help .
 I read the reviews before purchasing these glasses . I did not think I would have any problem with the size as I have a fairly small head size . They cut into the side of my temples and above my ear and were unwearable . I am returning them !
 I do n't make it habit to write reviews on products , but I feel compelled to express my dissatisfaction with this product . I gave it a 1 star as I can see absolutely no redeeming qualities . What I do not like
 These glasses were recommended by a man . I did n't find them to be as practical as he did , because they get caught in my long hair . They do n't look particularly attractive on me , partly because they do n't fit very well . I 'm returning them in favor of my `` drugstore '' readers .
 Literrally . This pad really do stinks . It smells like a petting zoo . Tried washing it and am currently airing out outside . I 'm on day 2 now of airing it out and it still stinks . Not sure if I want to put this on my baby 's bed smelling like a stinky animal . Makes me wonder if it has ticks and fleas too ...
 Although I 've never tried this -LSB- in searching for an adult soft mattress -RSB- I recently came across a warning against soft mattresses -LSB- like air beds -RSB- for infants because of the risk of SIDS . I 'm concerned that a soft mattress pad might offer the same risk so I thought I 'd raise this concern here . -LSB- Probably will not check back for responses though . -RSB-
 The circumference of this gum pick is way too wide . Unless you have huge gaps between your teeth there is no way these are going to fit in . I can not get it to fit between any of my teeth . Very wide and very disappointed . A warning to those with tight teeth . There is no way this is going to fit you . I give it zero stars .
 The reviews of this item seemed great , so I ordered a pair . Unfortunately , they are too bulky for my tennis shoes and they cause my heels to slip up and down in my shoes .
 I ordered these to help with a growing case of plantar fasciitis and ca n't clearly recommend them for that use in any type of shoe . Instead of providing any benefit for the foot it actually raises the heel effectively decreasing the arch and straightening the foot out further causing more pain due to prolonged stretching of the plantar fascia . It is more effective to have an arch insert that supports the arch as it stretches it and to have the proper type of shoes recommended by a trained professional who can evaluate your walking and running stride such as an orthopedic specialist or an employee at a store that specializes in running and walking shoes and gear . I would only recommend these heal cups if you have bruised your heal or have had surgery done and need some cushioning to allow for the healing process and only then for light and limited periods on your feet.I have since purchased a pair of running shoes designed with stability for the entire foot for someone with low arches and over pronation as well as a pair of arch and heal supports in one and have also worked with stretching exercises and taping of the foot so that I can return to normal walking and now running .
 Moved around in shoe , did not fit in some shoes , pulled socks down , some relief for short periods of time , when wore in house shoes . Was hoping for more !
 I tried this yesterday walked in the pair for a while felt discomfort the entire timeWhat podiatrist recommended this?Heel pain not helped at allI could never recommend this itemtotally disappointed
 just did not work for me , heel pain was the same or worse . but seems like good product well made
 Bought these , thought that they would fit , I weigh 120 lbs . WAY to big ! What a waste , ca n't tell if they do work because they do n't fit right ... Well made though ! , have a feeling they might work if I did n't waste the money on a pair that did n't fit !
 I bought these to help with my heel pain . They seem ok at first , but they tend to twist inside my shoe even though they are the correct size .
 Cups are not worth the money they are soft and do n't do the job advertisedvery unhappy with them and had to reorder Tuli 's hard plastic cups later inanother order do n't waste your money.Cups are to flimsy .
 These cups were useless in helping plantar fasciitis pain or in helping long term relief .
 These did not help my husbands heel pain at all . They did n't make it worse , but they did not help either .
 Ironically -LRB- or coincidentally -RRB- my older brother and I discovered we were suffering from the same kind of foot/heel problem at the same time . His doctor had recommended the Tuli heel inserts , and my brother claimed they helped him . So I ordered the same . I found just the opposite
 I think the problem is that the rubber is so pliable . After an hour or so of wear , my foot slides forward . The second problem is that I ca n't wear it for longer than an hour or two , as the pain becomes excruiating . In short , I see no difference in the pain level . I had a co-worker try the cups out thinking perhpas it was me . Her opinion is the same as mine . I 'll resell on eBay to get some part of my $ back .
 no releif ... just more pain , but minus my money . junk . trash . i tried and tried , but these cups are crap . never again .
 It was difficult keeping the heel cups in place when wearing my shoes , and it did not help my plantar fasciitis condition at all .
 Not impressed . They will not stay in place in my shoes - they turn sideways in my shoes and are pretty much useless as they are very uncomfortable when this happens.When they are in the proper position they are comfortable and provide a decent amount of padding , but after wearing them for five minutes , they 've shifted position . I looked for instructions to see if there was something I missed , but there did n't appear to be any in the box . It 's pretty self-explanatory how they go in your shoes , but there 's no way to keep them in place . They do seem to help with the plantar fascitis , though.Off to look for something from Dr. Scholls that will stay in place ...
 Purchased for use with `` plantar fasciitis '' , very uncomfortable , made foot sit TOO HIGH in shoe , so the fit was improper & the heel continuously came out of shoe when walking . DISAPPOINTING !!
 I purchased this product because of heel pain . The bottom portion is similiar to egg crate but the sides are very thin and flimsy . When you place your foot in your shoe the sides bend and fold over . Plus it feels weird with the heel of your foot high and the rest of your foot flat wihich makes it awkward to walk in shoes . My advice , is to consult a professional when dealing with your feet before you make the problem worse . If possible I would have given it 0 stars !
 As an Amazon Prime customer I take it for granted that items can be returned , so I was caught `` flatfooted '' when I found out after-the-fact that these inserts are designedly worthless . Yes , I said `` designedly '' and did so deliberately.I have worn inserts for years , and usually stick to the tried-and-true `` SOLE '' products -LRB- ultra thin sole , soft sole -RRB- or the `` SUPERFEET '' products -LRB- Green -RRB- . But I frequently wear very good quality cowboy boots , even for dress purposes , and they are made to grip the forefoot so that even the `` ultra thin '' insert by SOLE can not be functionally used at full size . Against my oft-confirmed better impulse -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- , I thought I 'd try these heel cups ; but I also ordered the 3/4 insert from Superfeet as a backup -LRB- at twice the price -RRB- . Well , now I 'm stuck with these suckers and will glue them to a small standing picture frame to remind me of a lesson learned -LRB- once again -RRB- . LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP . THESE CA N'T BE RETURNED.If you 'll look closely at a quality 3/4 insert the heel is slightly lower than the raised arch support , and this cushions the impact because it spreads that downward pressure across a broad area of the arch as you roll forward . These Tuli inserts are extremely difficult to keep in place when putting on a longnecked boot , but once in place they `` by design '' have no broader arch support to take the weight of that downstroke and roll it forward over the platform created by that larger area . As a result all the pressure falls on this deep set heel , and the cushioning is non-existant in these circumstances.I 've never had inserts begin to hurt my feet and my lower back within hours of inserting them into the boots , and I am minimally active in my normal day-to-day routine . These were hurting within four hours , and by noon I had to take them off and replace them with those 3/4 backup inserts I had purchased from Superfeet . Instantly , I felt the difference in support that I am describing to you in this review . The pain disappeared within a matter of hours.WORTHLESS BY DESIGN ... and they ca n't be returned .
 Heal Cups are a Hit or Miss item . Either it works or it does n't work for you . I ordered three different ones -LRB- classic , gel , heavy duty -RRB- for my son to use . He tried the regular &#34; classic &#34; ones . It seems to work ok , but he decided he did not like how it feels and stopped wearing it , claims the pain went away.I tried returning the other two unused ones , but found out they are classified as personal items , and are NOT returnable !!! Buyer beware , these are not like shoes that are returnable .3 stars for the item , minus 2 stars for Amazon return policy for this item .
 I have had heel cups in the past that were better , they are too flimsy , curl up when putting on my shoes
 these heel cups did nothing to help my pain , as a matter of fact , to balance them I had to put one in the other shoe and that foot started to hurt then also . Not the right product for me ...
 This is made well but really did n't do much to help my plantar fascitis . Fits well in the shoe but I ca n't tell any difference in the heal that does n't have the cup inserted .
 Not only did these heel cups not help with my bruised heel -LRB- heel spur ? -RRB- , but they shifted my feet forward in my shoes and caused my toes to be rubbed , almost blistered .
 I regularly recommend TULI Heel cups to my patients . However , I purchased a pair for myself and was very disappointed with the fit . I got the Heavy Duty because of the -LRB- Over 175 lbs -RRB- tag . I am 180 and 5 ' 9 '' . I wear a 101/2 shoe . I should have got the regulars because these are too loose and sloppy on my feet . I think this is the problem with many who gave these a 1 rating . Still love TULI product . However , buyer beware . You must have the right size !
 As an RN -LRB- and avid walker -RRB- , I 'm almost constantly on my feet on very hard surfaces , sometimes for 12 hours , or longer . As a result , I have been dealing with the pain of plantar fasciitis that is minor in one foot , but it has me limping , at times , with the other . Anyone with PF knows the tenderness experienced with those first morning steps , particularly after a hard workout the previous day . It is not pleasant!After reading the recommendations for the Tuli 's heel cups , I immediately ordered a pair . I have given them an adequate therapeutic trial , moving them between several pair of my favorite athletic shoes . So far , I have not found a single pair of my shoes , that fit properly when adding these heel cups . The heel cups raise my heel in the foot-bed , to the point that the shoe hits too low on the heel . The result
 I 'm an avid walker , and I have Plantar Fasciitis and a Heel Spur , probably my own fault because of wearing cheap flats over the past few years , and not stretching my calf muscles before my daily 3 mile walk . These heel cups helped some , but not enough to get excited about them . I do n't know why they could n't be made in clear instead of green so they would n't show at the top edge of my shoes.These also do n't seem to stay in place in my shoes . Several times a day I have to take my shoes off and re-position the cup as they tend to slide down towards my toes .
 After reading the reviews , I had high hopes for these helping my p.f. heel pain . Unfortunately , they were too large , moved around a lot , and shifted my arch so that my foot actually hurt more with than without them . I am debating whether to pitch them or try again but probably will do the former .
 I did n't like that every time I put my foot in my shoe , the back of these would roll down and have to be yanked and twisted back up around the back of my heel . They provided some relief but really nothing close to that of the HTP Heel Seats
 I am very picky when come to order stuff online . The item Americarx has sent me was totally different from what I 've seen the image from the site . The mirror ca n't be adjust and ca n't really pack it for travel either , it will break , the handle was build very curvy and you ca n't bend it . Never order anything from them again .
 This product arrived quickly and as far as I can tell it was intact and as advertised . But I used a few drops mixed in a glass of water last night as a mouth rinse and not only did it make my mouth ache for at least 30 minutes after using it , today my throat was sore -LRB- maybe related -RRB- and everything I eat and drink has a strange bitter taste -LRB- definitely related -RRB- . It 's been 24 hours and everything still tastes weird . Kind of like that taste when you drink orange juice after brushing your teeth . It 's a bummer ! Here 's hoping it 's all better tomorrow . This stuff is definitely not going into my mouth again ... I 'll keep it around for external use .
 There is no hard evidence showing gse actually inhibits microbial growth , thus adding it to a sinus flush is n't going to make it more effective . All it did was leave my sinus slightly smelly . I suggest a low -LRB- 1-3 % -RRB- concentration solution of hydrogen peroxide instead . That will actually kill off infections .
 The old GSE had an astringent bitter taste that was quite noticeable . But , it worked very well . . especially for colds . A few drops of this in OJ with a cold would pretty much knock it out . It also lasted a longtime . When I went to replace an old bottle , the `` new '' GSE had a sweet taste ... like concentrated grapefruit JUICE . I called the company and they said that they changed their supplier for the GSE . They swear that the sweet , weak tasting product they are selling now is the same . I do n't think so . Buyer beware .
 I ordered this product last month and was very disappointed to realize that it was not the same as it used to be.First clue
 I read the review about this , it does n't taste bitter , it tastes sweet and have consistency like corn syrup . it 's winter and we all got sick still using this in our everyday drinking water
 I purchased this as a &#34; stocking stuffer &#34; for my dad . He 's got this weird home remedy for pretty much any cold that comes his way . He gargles with apple-cider vinegar ... he swears by the stuff , and there was more than one time he got me to try it as I was growing up . Truly disgusting . Anyway , this came up as a recommended product after buying my father a book about building the perfect bug out bag.After reading all of the reviews of this product , I was sure I was buying something that was more effective and much less disgusting , and perhaps that is still the case in regards to the latter goal . However , upon receiving the product , my dad had to make sure it was n't going to be a no-no in regards of his new dietary restrictions after the latest kidney-stone removal surgery . He did what any of us would do , he went online , and ended up on Wikipedia . I read the article he found on GSE . As long as the article is accurate , and there were plenty of citations , there 's apparently no proof that GSE itself is effective . The research found that the benefits of commercially produced GSE stem from either additives or chemicals used in the extraction process.To sum up
 I am hesitant to purchase this , that means I have not used it . However , I have to put a star rating . I usually do some research before I purchase something like this online . The inactive ingredients are not listed , a lot of these GSE products which have demonstrated efficacy were due to high levels of preservative that is actually harmful to the body . Please read the following articles as it explains it better than I can . Hope this will help you make an informed decision . -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I should have read the negative reviews . It hurts my normal-sized head to use them . I e-mailed them because I thought there might be a way to adjust the fit . No reply .
 Beware ! These sound like a great idea , but will not go comfortably around even a middle sized head .
 Ordered a pair of these , sounded like a great idea , even saw it on one of the CSI programs , pathologist using them w/great ease . However , neither my husband nor I could wear them , my eyelashes `` batted '' against the lenses , could n't even match the magnets together on my husband . Strange , we 're not really heavy set folks either ... more like the `` pathologist '' !
 The durn things do n't fit my large -LRB- 73/4 hat size -RRB- head , even expanded aslarge as possible . This is very Disappointing .
 The glasses look very cool when they 're hanging around your neck . They do n't have that `` old lady '' look of traditional reading glasses dangling from a chain . I bought them in red , and the color is beautiful , a nice cherry color , not garish . I even had a young security worker at the airport ask me where I got them.However , even if you adjust them to the maximum size they 'll only fit you if your head is on the small side and you 're not wearing any sort of headgear that could interfere with them ; even a ponytail or any sort of fullness in the hair could make the glasses too tight , and then they 'll press painfully on your nose , if you can get them on at all . Even if they fit , they might rumple your hairstyle .
 Glasses would be great , but need to be able to adjust for bigger heads . Do n't think most men can wear them without popping the adjustable side frame off . Would buy another pair , if they would make the side frames a little longer .
 Ordered the largest pair of Clicks sold and the were still too small to fit my face . Seems like a great idea , that 's why I bought them in the first place , but they need to manufacture a pair that will comfortably fit an adult male .
 Great design and very poor fit . Too tight , Cheaply made . Overall a disappointment at least for me . Perhaps my head is just too big to take advantage of the cool design .
 The glasses are well made but I found them awkward to use . They did n't fit comfortably and it took quite a bit of time to get them on . The gimmick sounded cool but did n't work well for me . Every head is different , so maybe they 'll work better for you .
 My husband has a large head and these didnt even get near his nose ! Big big disappointment !!!
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 One of my patients came in to my office today with very strange looking dentures . The gum were as white as the teeth . It looked like they had been pickled in bleach . I asked him what he was using for stain control and he told me Stain Away .
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I lovelovelove dark chocolate , -LRB- and other strong , pungent things like goat cheese and dark beer -RRB- but these taste just plain wierd . It 's not terrible , but I can taste the hoodia , sorta like dried grass mixed in with the chocolate . I think they work at reducing hunger , but they give me gas so bad I ca n't be sure if I want to eat less because of the hoodia , or the gas . Maybe I 'll try the * regular * ChocoLeans , but I wo n't be buying this again.FYI
 My son had asked for a doctor kit from santa for christmas . He already has a bunch of stuff for a doctors kit so my mother thought it would be a good idea to get a stethoscope and some bandages and put our own kit together . This stethoscope was a good price for just playing , however it does not stay in his ears well and it is twisted funny .
 It tastes bad . Also it does n't mix well in water , milk , or soy milk . It mixes the worst in soy milk . With all three , you are basically drinking clumps of powder , even if you use a shaker cup with a whisk ball in it and shake it forever . Props on it being vegan and low-calorie though .
 This stuff is foul . Not only does it taste poorly , but it also does not mix well with a spoon despite the package claims . I now have to mix it with my vanilla bean protein powder -LRB- by another company -RRB- to even tolerate this stuff . I ca n't make any claims about its protein performance since I can never stomach an entire serving at a time.Pick another protein powder ! Dymatize and Sci-Fit make cheap protein powder with good amounts of all of the aminos .
 The Taste is pretty bad and they give you so little for a lot of money . If you want a better product in both price and taste try Optimum Nutrition Whey Powder .
 I purchased this product because it said it was lactose free , but when I tried it , guess what -- intestinal upset and diarrhea !
 I ruined about eight light-colored t-shirts before figuring out it was this deodorant that was the culprit . My shirts were getting mysterious stains around the arm pit area -- stains that would NOT come out . I finally put some of the deodorant on the front of the shirt as an experiment , and after washing and drying the shirt , there was a big stain right where I 'd put the deodorant .
 This instrument was suggested to me by my internist . At his BP clinic , his medical assistants told me the systolic BP 's measured by my OSZ5 were inaccurate . I called WA 's service and was told this model could n't be calibrated . They offered an exchange at no charge which I accepted . A few months later , the instrument fell 18 inches from my bed and landed on the floor . The battery compartment popped open and two small plastic pins broke off so the compartment would no longer stay closed . I sent it back to WA for repairs . They told me the instrument needed recalibration -LRB- I had been previously told that was impossible . -RRB- along with the repair . They quoted a charge of $ 75 plus shipping . Since I had paid around $ 110 for the unit , this seemed rather expensive.This took place while the instrument was under warranty . They said this repair was not covered . I told them to junk it .
 The on-off button does not work and after pressing it once too many times while trying in vain to switch it off , the button collapsed inside.Now I am going to return this item to amazon .
 The zombie flavor is just gross . The chap stuck its selfs is smooth and nice but I could n't get over the smell of this flavor .
 It does n't taste or smell like Grand Marnier I was very disappointed . I would rather have my chapstick in cherry flavor . Atleast It has a taste .
 I selected these based on strength another reviewer gave . That reviewer was wrong ! The amounts -LRB- 1,000 mg Calcium ; 500 mg Magnesium ; 25 mg of Zinc -RRB- are based on &#34; serving size &#34; , and a serving is 4 capsules.I agree with same reviewer that basically the onus is on Amazon for not REQUIRING bottle label info being on their website . While bad on vitamins it really is true with all products . I 've spent much time trying to figure out how many/much of something is actually included in the listed product.In this case , Solaray 's website was NO HELP and led me to the same conclusion as the reviewer .
 No list of ingredients , ie
 I say ` opps ' because after putting it into water where one would assume it would be use it feel apart .
 What a waste ! While this mop seemed like a good value , I quickly found this bar-b-que mop to be an inferior product . After one use , the mop head came out of the handle during cleanup ! Even with several attempts the head kept falling out of the handle rendering it useless for any subsequent uses . This mop is not a good value at any price . This is clearly a defective product . I expected something sturdier and I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 Just got these in the mail ; they are way too big for my size 5.5 shoe . Directions say ` trim as necessary , using old insoles as a guide . ' Uhmmmm ... thanks , but , I do n't HAVE any old insoles . These were to be my first insoles . The packaging says `` replacement insoles '' but it took me ten minutes to find the word replacement anywhere on the Amazon page . Deeply annoyed . I 'll be returning them , but I 'm angry that I have to go to the trouble of returning them AND still have to find new insoles .
 this stuff i waited for and when i finally got it , opened it up , taste it - well it tastes like fish - refund !
 this item came with two cannisters the first performing quite well . after installing the second cannister i was immediately reminded of my grandfather drooling on his bib in the nursing home . Yes i changed the batteries , prayed , and did a fertility dance before it , but to no avail . the metered dispenser is dead . long live glade plug-ins !
 This is one of the best tasting preworkout powders I have tasted . It would be great if it did anything for me . To get the same effect as a Red Bull , you have to use 5 scoops . I would not recommend this .
 It would have been nice if it would have gotten to my house before it turned all hard instead of being powder . I wouldnt recomend this to anyone !! i have been using it and i do n't see the point in having to crush it down to smaller pieces to be able to mix in order to drink it . Not worth what they charge for it .
 I 've used Jim Foley 's colon pills before and was very satisfied.But this order of pills do not work the same!Every time I take these new ones I get diarhea!What 's up?Can I get my money back ?
 This product worked really well for me at first , so I was very happy . I was very careful to follow the directions properly . The problem is that after you take it for a couple of weeks it stops working and you have to take more and more pills for it to do anything at all . I will not purchase again .
 The Colon Pills are not a potent - lack strength - as the last couple orders I have placed.I have to use more pills to get any effect . Very disappointed ... Did you change the formula , because you should change it back . Not sure I will reorder this product from you . .
 I tried the Jim Foley Colon Pills & Colon Cleanse pills together as recommended . After finally finding dosage information online and instructions , I started at the minimum dosage and experienced nothing . I then gradually upped the dosage until I was at the maximum recommended dosage before there was any effect at all . I have n't experienced and `` blast out , '' or any change that might suggest to me that these pills are disinfecting or cleansing years of waste and parasitic buildup in the intestines , as the pills claim . Rather , the only effect I felt was mild abdominal discomfort from time to time and morning diarrhea . Although I had to use the bathroom more frequently , I do n't believe this was due to the breakup and expulsion of any intestinal buildup ; the extra movements were predominantly water/liquid and clearly contained foodstuffs recently ingested.I believe this is simply a laxative/diarrhea inducer that fools people into thinking that simply because they 're using the toilet more often , that must mean built-up waste is being eliminated . Unfortunately , in my experience , this is simply not the case .
 Do not purchase ! I received my order in a bag , with the condoms not in any sort of manufacturer 's packaging . Okay - that 's fine , I assure myself . What 's not fine , however , is that the vast majority of the condoms ' packets were fraying at the edges . This left all of the packages extremely well lubricated to the touch , but it also scared me out of using them . I 'm actually wondering if this company is secretly militantly pro-life . Do not repeat my mistake !
 After years of using other brands with no problems , the first time my girlfriend and I used the Inspiral condom , it broke on us which was pretty scary . Hopefully others will have better experiences , but I was not impressed . Buyer beware !
 Recently , my mother purchased a birthday gift for me online -- the Contour Freedom Back Massage Cushion . It was delivered directly to my home , and I received it a couple of weeks ago . I used it a few times , and I loved it . However , the last time I used it , it started slowing down , then stopped working . I replaced the batteries with fresh ones , and tried it again . It worked for a minute , then stopped . After that , there was no way to get it running again.Because it stated on the box that the cushion was covered by a 1-year limited warranty , I went to the Contour website to find a way to contact the company about the defect . The site stated that the best way to contact Customer Service was through e-mail , and I sent an e-mail asking for a return authorization number so that I could send the cushion back . Two days later , I had still not gotten a response , so I called Contour . After navigating their phone system , finally getting a representative on the phone , and explaining my situation to her , she put me on hold for a while . Her response when she came back ? That I would need to return the product to the store , not to Contour.Why would a company not honor their 1-year warranty ? What kind of company creates a product that does n't even last 2 weeks ? Contour did n't want to stand by this product , and I wo n't , either . You can bet that when I purchase a replacement massage cushion , it will not be from this company .
 I have lower back pain and had hoped that the contour of the pillow as well as the angle would help . After using it for only 2 days I found my back hurt more at the end of the day .
 A very poor design that will not stay in place . It has a flimsy band that is supposed to secure its location . Also , the massage feature does not work . This is a very poor product .
 I like the product , except the massage feature is really loud and not doing much . So , I am not using the massage at all.Other than that I like the product !
 The motor within the cushion is an extremely loud -LRB- not exaggerating , sounds like a blender ! -RRB- -- unlike others I have used . The buzzing vibration is actually irritating rather than relaxing . very disappointing .
 I was hopeful this would help my back while sitting at my computer . I 'm so disappointed . It is not at all what I had hoped it would be . A real waste of money .
 these are n't suited for guys who are big , and that 's probably why they broke right away . at least they do n't smell as bad as trojans.but these condoms break really really easily .
 This condom is small and less lubricate . It is is less sensitive . It is strong . More expensive than any other brand .
 it was n't I expected , does n't work and imposible to put in your ears . Are too flufy and loose their form , i dont recomend this kind of earplugs
 I was hoping these would be more comfortable and better performance than ones I had purchased at Walmart for pennies . I was wrong . These did n't do any better at blocking out my hubby 's snoring . Also , they are just as uncomfortable to sleep in . Do n't waste money here , just to got Walmart .
 I found these plugs to be unusable . They slip out of my ears -LRB- no matter how well I try to insert them -RRB- and provide VERY little soundproofing .
 We are on our second package of replacement brushes for the Cybersonic 2 , and they tend to fall off their base . One of the brushes lost its bristles as it was used .
 I too am on my 2nd replacement head ... it keeps falling off the base after a couple of times . Defective Product ! Very disappointed ! Sort of in a bind since I invested so much money in the Cybersonic Toothbrush .
 I bought this toothrbush a few years ago and it worked great for a few weeks , until something funny started happening in the middle of my brushing . The damn toothbrushes would snap off !! I would have toothpaste all over my face and i 'd be wondering how the hell a farely new toothbrush which cost 10 BUCKS to replace snap off so quicky ?? then I read the reviews . What a waste of a good invention . This product should have been banned , but they duped the TV viewers . they 've duped the public into buying a 100 dollar toothbrush with a flawed design . what a disgrace !!
 I really like Little Twig products - they are natural products made in the USA . I needed to have a baby gift shipped quickly and came across this listing . The photo shows 3 products -LRB- baby wash , lotion and powder -RRB- , a cute washcloth and a sponge in a nicely wrapped bag . The actual product is a box full of 3 bubble baths and nothing else ! They were n't even baby body washes , but all bubble baths - which I would not recommend using on a baby - maybe a toddler or a child .
 This product worked very well for a while , but now the batteries wo n't keep a charge . They did n't last very long .
 This stuff , if you buy recent production , would probably work.What I got was -LRB- according to the mfgr -RRB- `` probably from the 1990s '' , and is a design no longer being shipped by Smile White.Both of the applicators were defective and squirted gel all over and because of that are of little use because you end up trying to get some on a finger and smearing it into the tooth tray.What I think happened here was that they sold Amazon some discontinued product and screwed THEM , and indirectly me.I complained to Amazon , but the best they will do is a 20 % refund unless I return it and by the time I pack it up and ship it back to them , it 's hardly worth the trouble.Don ' t buy this stuff from Amazon . It 's old . Even the graphic on the amazon listing shows an applicator that they do n't use any longer.I may go to the mfgr 's site and buy some -- have n't decided .
 the floss is much to thick making it near impossible to floss ... and even if you do get it between your teeth , good luck getting it out ! this need to be mad thinner so that it can be a better product
 I think that the vanilla flavor in this makes it taste awful . I wish I had bought the unflavored . I mix it with mixed berries , a banana , and juice and I can hardly drink it . I 'd been buying Pea Protein before this , and compared to this the pea tastes amazing : -RRB-
 This has the worst flavor possible . Try the Plantfusion vanilla for an alternative to meat . That one is all vegetables , no soy . 18 g. per serving . I tried mixing this with everything and it made me want to vomit . So gross .
 Very good product it is well absorbed and it worked really fast for me , I felt better after the first dose . I hardly recommend it .
 shipping on this item is very very slow !!!! however the product is amazing ... . I have ordered this several times before and have always been happy with the quality of the product
 The valve on this is the biggest piece of junk ever . It is n't even that water leaks through the valve , but it flows out the side of the valve itself . It is n't just a drop or two of water . It flows out of the side in a little arcing stream when the valve is completely closed . As an added bonus , the valve is right at the end of the tube where it meets the attachment , so you have to have your hands all up in your business while trying to use this as opposed to most other types that have valves or clamps slightly up the tube to make them easier to use . At any rate , I would not recommend this even a little and think you should avoid it at all costs unless you like ending up soaking wet in the process of using it .
 I bought this even though no one else had reviewed it thinking I could save some money . Well I was wrong . I do like the design or the product but the valve to turn on and off the flow is terrible . The valve has no marks or anything to turn the flow off so its a guessing game and even if you do manage to get it just right the valve it self leaks . -LRB- right out the side of the valve -RRB-
 i ordered 2 of these after having a similar kind but of a better quality made in Italy . Both did not have the spill proof valve that is usually on the other end of the shut-off clamp and the liquid just leaks . What in the world are they selling incomplete/mal-functioned products . I have not been able to use mine since I got it a few months back . So annoying and a waste of money.I will not even give this a 1 star , basically it is off the rating list .
 The concept was good ... but the outcome was bad ... like someone mentioned below , the flow control vault tend to leak , there is nothing you can do about it ... suction cup is not as strong as you think , once you filled up with 2 litter of water , it can not hold the weight of the bag.the plastic part where it can hook to the suction cup is not strong as well , well break easily ...
 This stuff will not dissolve , even when placed in a blenderTaste is fine though . If anyone knows how to use this stuff without the lumps please let me know
 This tastes and feels like sand . I 'm sure it 's wonderful for you , and I bought it because I 'm gluten free , but I could n't drink more than two gulps of my protein shake . It wo n't dissolve , making every beverage completely grainy and awful . Do n't do it .
 I will not buy this again . The texture and taste is simply something I ca n't get past.I add water to my protein powders after lifting and this wo n't work for me .
 I just could n't get used to the texture . I tried so many combinations but it was n't working for me . I also do n't ever normally use protein powder so I 'm not the best judge on this .
 Nutribiotic rice protein sounded like a good alternative to the whey protein I usually use.I mixed it in a bender like I do with the whey powder . It actually blends well , but the taste is not smooth and creamy like the whey . I sometimes blend cook brown rice with water and even that tastes better than this .
 The description for the product leads you to believe it is `` milk free '' . Having a severe milk allergy , that is the primary reason I purchased it . When it arrived , I looked at the ingredients . The cocoa is listed as `` may contain soy and/or MILK . If I had n't read the label , and used the protein powder , I would have gotten very sick . PLEASE , if you have a milk allergy , or wish to stay away from dairy , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought the chocolate kind a while back , and I still absolutely CAN NOT find a way to make it edible . I love bitter stuff and rarely eat sugary things , so I do n't think that 's the problem . Any which way , this protein powder just makes me gag and feel physically ill after I eat/drink it . I 've tried mixing it in water , almond/rice/coconut milk -LRB- all unsweetened - result = unmixable -RRB- , yoghurt -LRB- plain - result = clumpy and ... warm ? ew ? -RRB- , even oatmeal -LRB- plain - mixed well but still tasted horrible -RRB- . I do wish I could tolerate this stuff
 I did not like the product since it tastes chalky and does not mix with water , but then again ... I do n't know that I have a powder that I actually love ... but The Vitamin Shoppe is a GREAT seller ! They took the product back , no questions asked AND customer service was also VERY helpful and quick
 This product is NOT Vegan - Front of container says `` Vegan - 70 % Protein '' - Back states that cocoa `` May contain soy and/or milk '' - very disappointed in their false advertising - will not purchase any more Nutribiotic products
 I only gave this 1 star because Amazon makes you give at least one star.DO NOT BUY THIS!This stuff is disgusting . Seriously . You should n't sell it . I have had tons of brands of Soy and Whey protein and this is nothing like them . It tastes like chalk and does not dissolve * at all * !
 Having chosen to avoid dairy products and attempt a whole food , plant based diet , I had to replace my normal morning protein drink which contained whey . This was my first try . It was difficult to dissolve , and had an unpleasant taste that my other ingredients could n't mask . I stored the container in the garage in case I was ever starving . My next attempt was a wheat based powder from musclesandstrength.com which turned out to be quite satisfactory .
 This product claimes to be 22.9 oz , see item description , however received 6.9 oz size . That 's less than half the advertised weight/amount .
 The supplier did not provide the activator as promised . I do not recommend this company .
 Used the mirror one time . When it fogged up from my breath I wiped it off with cloth and the mirror came right off . I do n't mean a piece of glass but some reflective substance . It is a piece of junk . Waste of money .
 Yes , I too was hesitant to spend over $ 30 on a quality dental pick so I thought I would try this . The old addage holds true - you get what you pay for . The pick is so dull it is useless . The mirror had a smudge on it so I tried to clean it off . When it would n't come clean with a tissue , I added a little alcohol . Big mistake . This is a cheap plastic mirror and the alcohol completely ruined it . Do n't waste your money on this .
 THIS THING IS HUGE !!! I know the dimensions are listed but I must have underestimated it 's size , because when I got it I did n't even take it out of the plastic box ! You 'd really have to rip something for this to work out !
 4 Pcs Set , Yes.How hard is it to get the product title correct ?
 I was not too impressed with this product . I think my problems are related to the mixing cup and stir stick . They provide a medicine bottle cap and a tongue depressor . By the time I had it mixed , it was already setting up . I recommend that if you want to try this product , you throw away the mixing equipment and get a medicine cup and popsicle stick or wooden coffee stirrer to mix up the ingredients . -LRB- These items when bought in bulk would be less than 1 cent per item -RRB- Then cool the liquid before using to delay the setting time a little more . This may work , although this should not be necessary .
 I received my order and it was a mess . The containers that hold the product was made of glass and the postal service demolished it . I contacted the seller and the informed me that they had this problem previously . They said they would refund my money , but as of today I still have not received my refund .
 I was disappointed . The gel pack does n't get very cold and it does n't stay cold very long . I would not recommend this product .
 i like it i like it nice good good so good i like it i like it i like it i like it i like goo
 When it arrived it was leaking from the cap . So I do not recemmond the seller . Had heard this product was great for psoriasis . However it made mine worse . I will not buy again .
 I purchased this item for my daughter , who requested a first aid Kit from Santa this Christmas . They took my money , but the item never arrived . Buyer beware !
 I bought this cushion to help me get through long meetings and events . -LRB- I have both arthritis and sciatica . -RRB- It is much too thick and unyielding to be at all comfortable . In short , it is miserable . I gave it away . What a waste of money !
 No where in the description is it indicated whether the $ 37.88 price is for the one 64 oz bottle or a case of them.The weight is listed at 28 lbs suggesting it probably is for a case , but I would like to know that for a fact and know how many bottles are included .
 This condom sucks !! The condom is very thin and it broke a lot of times . Had to spend a lot of money on Plan-B :--RRB- :--RRB- . Threw the whole buch to the trash . Use it at your own risk . I wo n't recommend this !!
 Size , price and fitting are perfect.But the grease on condom was gone within 5 min after using.Because of that , I have to use about 2 or 3 condoms in only 1 sex.That was very interrupting.If you are a man who can finish within 5 min , I will recommend this .
 Well first of all i got it 4 days late . they didnt come in the original box , they were stuffed in an envelope . And i only got 10 not 12 .
 I agree when saying that the size , price and fitting are perfect . I even received them in the mail right away ! But my lesbian partner and I bought these so that we could use them with a few of our sex toys , and for a couple of 22 year old girls , 5 minutes of pleasure is just not enough . The condom runs out of lubrication and starts to become uncomfortable after a few minutes of using it . They are very thin and seem to be risky if being used for actual protection purposes . Gentlemen , do your ladies a favor - Please do n't buy these .
 I tried removing oil/brake fluid stains with this degreaser on my brick driveway . I followed directions and after that did nothing to remove the stains I tried pouring the product full strength . This product did not work for me . I have since purchased and used Zep Citrus Degreaser -LRB- Amazon -RRB- and it worked beautifully .
 This was highly rated to eat oil form a variety of surfaces like concrete . Did n't work for me , maybe if you have a drop of oil it might work . I used the entire contents over a period of a month , even scrubed it with a heavy duty brush . Anything more than that save your money or get muriatic acid .
 In its defense I have yet to find anything that will actually clean grease spills . My jeep leaked some motor oil on a brand new white concrete driveway so I used this . It may have faded the spill a bit after letting it sit and some intense scrubbing , but the spill was very much still visible .
 I purchased this product because of the reviews , but it did not work at all on a oil stain in my driveway ... So , I would not reccomend for driveway stains ... Too bad it sounded so promising from the reviews ...
 After reading the Amazon reviews , I anxiously awaited my shipment so that I can try removing some fresh oil stains on a brand new concrete driveway . I followed all instructions and tried applying and cleaning several times and the best I got was some lightening of the stains . Needless to say I am disappointed in this product and would not recommend it for ` oil on concrete ' applications .
 Bought this product based off of its rating on Amazon ... However , I 'm with a few other reviewers that have n't seen much/any improvement on treated areas . My application was on both concrete -LRB- brand-new -RRB- and cobblestone . The grease trap on my grill was dislodged and about a pint of hamburger/steak/chicken / vegetable oil/grease was spilled in approx a 5 ' splash radius . I tried to immediately treat with hot water , shop towels and spot-clean with dish soap . Of course , results were next to nothing . As I procrastinated and let it set in -LRB- 95 degree Houston weather/sun -RRB- for about a month it had plenty of time to bond . I applied this product in its suggested diluted state , slightly less diluted , then straight full-strength . I tried at night , during the day , and even directly after a strong rain . Very , very , little fading to the stain occured after 4-6 applications of this stuff . Either my stain is untreatable or this stuff is crap . I 'm trying other products over the course of the next few days , I 'll update this review if anything changes .
 I tried this on a spilled used motor oil on concerete surface . Tried this product , it did not do anything . I eneded up using the Gunk Grease Remover to claen the oiled surface .
 I GOT THIS PRODUCT TO GET SOME GREASE STAINS OUT OF SOME OF MY WORK SHIRTS . THIS PRODUCT IS SUPPOSE TO REMOVE GREASE FROM JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING , DID NOT WORK ON MY SHIRTS , BUT , IN ALL HONSTRY NOTHING ELES I HAVE TRIED WORK EITHER .
 Some workers left some mystery stains on my concrete driveway , figured they were gas or oil . Tried some Simple Green did n't work so bought this stuff . I 've used it 3 or 4 times so far and if it had any effect , it 's pretty minor.However , I got some lubricating grease on my hands the other day and tried this for that . It did help in that case . So it 's not totally useless , just not the magic potion I hoped for .
 This did n't get the oil spots off of our driveway that is not yet a year old . I thought it would do a better job .
 I am very disappointed that they sent me the wrong products . I wanted this particular toothpaste and I could n't find it at any retail stores , so I ordered it online after searching for it website to website . I finally found them and ordered three of them . When the package got here , it was the wrong items . The ones I got , I could have bought it at any retail stores . I would n't order those online paying shipping.Since I did n't want to paid the returning shipping cost , I just kept them . But I am very very disappointed .
 This sale is NOT for a `` 2-pack '' , `` $ 4.22 / Item '' . It is for a single 60-capsule bottle only.Twinlab and Amazon both refused responsibility when I contacted them . After a lengthy process , Amazon refunded me half of the balance . Communication was awful , no apology , and as of writing this review -LRB- two weeks later -RRB- , the listing STILL has not been corrected.I 've been a long-time fan of TwinLab 's products , as well as Amazon 's customer service . It was quite disappointing how I was given the run-around by both parties and made to feel like I was inconveniencing THEM . Although the product is of good quality -LRB- e.g. D-alpha-tocopherol for Vit.E -RRB- , the communication and whole experience with both Amazon and TwinLab left such a sour taste in my mouth , I ca n't give more than 2 stars until this listing is `` fixed '' .
 I love Penguin 's chocolate caffeine mints , but it seems they are n't selling them any more , so I tried these . The taste is pretty unpleasant , and to get any caffeine you have to eat several of them , so for me they really are n't worth buying .
 I bought this to help my scratchy throat . I answer phones and having a clear voice is important . Despite repeated uses , there was no improvement in my voice . I contacted the seller and they refuse to refund , so buyer beware .
 This needs to get to the very back of the throat to be of any good use . Hard to do that , but even so , it tastes terrible . I do n't know what I was expecting , but this does n't seem much more that a mouthwash in a spray bottle . Also , because of the way the bottles were grouped visually on the website , I mistakenly thought I was getting more than one . I was going to give one to my daughter who sings . In my job , I do A LOT of talking . My throat is constantly stressed . This did not do what I 'd hoped . I have n't even used half a bottle it tastes so bad .
 Did absolutely nothing ! Also , description was very misleading . Says to take 45 minutes prior to engagement which makes it sound like that 's all that is required but instructions on bottle say to take 2 capsules daily and 2 45 minutes prior to sex . Used it for a week with no results other than mild heartburn .
 I was really really hoping this product would help with my hotflashes . Very disappointed , It was a waste of money .
 I bought this product hoping that it would be a good accompaniment to the supersmile toothpaste . The floss is thin and breaks easily and if it whitens in between the teeth I ca n't see it yet and I 've been using it for enough time for it to have worked , in my estimation . I 'll use it some more just to make sure I 've given it enough time .
 BEWARE ! Not all Bath Addication/Spa Sister products are created equal , and you 're in deep trouble should you not be satisfied ! I bought some turbans -LRB- 1 good , 1 flimsy and crummy -RRB- in North Carolina but did n't open them until I returned to Texas . When I called to find out where I could exchange the unsatisfactory one , I was told I had to return to the place of purchase ! Incredulously , I asked them if they actually expected a retail customer to go half way across the country to return a $ 9 turban ?!?! They would n't provide a Texas retailer contact and continued to insist that it is company policy .
 This sleep mask is nice and silky as the others reviewers say . However , I am surprised no one mentioned that it has a ropey edging to it , making it uncomfortable if you lie on your side . I tried it last night and it was both uncomfortable while I tried to sleep in it since it dug into my cheek and would definitely leave a mark when I got up . I would not recommend it .
 It worked great for a couple months , but one of the elastic straps broke and the other one is breaking . I probably use it no more that two or three hours a week when my roomie is getting ready for work . Would not hold up for very long if you plan on sleeping with it every night .
 The material is nice , but the two elastic bands that go around the head are way too tight ! I put the mask on and it was squishing my eyeballs and hurt my head ! I used to have a sleep mask from Hilton hotels and that one was perfect , the elastic was comfortable and stayed in place , but we 've moved and it got lost in the move . This one was totally uncomfortable and I wo n't be able to use it . :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Do not recommend !
 Loma Lux Homeopathic Medicine , Acne Pill , 100 tabletsI ordered this product for my son . He took this as directed for three weeks . He did see no results . From my experience , i would not recommend this product
 this product did n't work for me , adult hormonal acne . i would n't recommend it for any female sufferers out there . l ,
 This will not work for you , Homeopathic anything is crap . The idea is to take something that may work and dilute it so much that there may be 1 ppm . Obviously far less that what would be required for it to work . Google people downing bottles and Homeopathic sleeping pills and living -LRB- also not falling asleep -RRB- . Dont be fooled by anything that is Homeopathic , it uses the placebo effect , and therefore has no real effect .
 As it turns out , homeopathy is the practice of diluting a substance so wholly in water that there is practically none of the substance left . Homeopathic remedies rely on the water to `` remember '' the substance and incur the substance 's effects , when in reality ... it 's just water ! If homeopathic remedies worked , we 'd all be dead from drinking homeopathic sewage from the water remembering our what we flush down our toilets!Don ' t buy this garbage !
 Homeopathy is the idea that if you take something that causes something , and dilute that bad-causing agent a ridiculous number , it makes it cure something.The reason why this has no side effects is because it does absolutely nothing . There are no side effects , or any effects , for that matter . It is a placebo . Do n't waste your money on this fraud .
 Although it would be nice to have a pill that directly attacks the source of acne -LRB- from the inside out -RRB- , unfortunately ` AcnePill ' is far from that . I was desparate -LRB- after trying creams -LSB- such as Benzoyl Peroxide -RSB- -RRB- that I decided this pill would hopefully cure me . Well after using this product -LRB- and following the simple directions -RRB- , I believe I saw a reducting in my acne ONLY BECAUSE I wanted to see a reduction , not because of the pill 's effects . To put it boldly , this is no more than a placebo . Sure it can decrease acne -LRB- barely -RRB- , but that 's only because you stress less about it knowing you popped a pill and moved on with your day . Just look at the ingredients -- recognize them ? If you 're looking for a pill that will make you feel better , go ahead and buy these . Otherwise , I 'd suggest keeping your money .
 When you look at the ingrediants contained in this product you relize that it is nothing more than a Placebo . I took this product for over 2 months with no results it would actully make the acne worse . Do not waste your money on this garbage .
 This is a homeopathic remedy . It 's just water . It is worthless . Do your research before you buy things ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have been suffering from acne since I was twelve . I used many products and thought that I should give this a try .1 st Month : I did n't see any changes taking two pills a day .2 nd Month : Increased to three times a day -LRB- two in the morning and one at night -RRB- . Nothing has changed .3 rd and 4th Month : Continued using it 3x a day but it seems that it had no effect . -LRB- New pimples and Acne keeps popping out -RRB- 5th Month : Decided to discontinue.Note that I did continued using products with Salicylic Acid/Tea Tree Oil/Benzoyl Peroxide to cleanse my face .
 I went through 2 bottles . For the 1st one i was taking 2 pills in the morning and chewing them which taste really bad in my opinion.For the 2nd bottle i upped the dose to 3 pills in the morning because i did not see any results . Meaning i still would get small break outs . So i wanted something that works internally to hopefully completely clear my skin and this just did not do what the bottle says its supposed to for me . Now everyone is different and it really depends on eating habits , sleep , exercise , etc. . Hope it works for you.update 5/1/11I have since stopped using this product , now im just using the acne.org regimen with very good results an 90 % clear skin .
 After I started using it - my acne has gotten way worse by having it on my back & shoulders . This has not happened with other medications - I will stick with Nature 's Cure or Clearin
 Finally finished using this product . Took 1 month to finish the bottle . I took 2 pills the 1st week and then bumped it up to 3 a day thereafter . I 'm starting to see some results . I 've had acne all over my back since forever and finally starting to see them getting smaller . I still get those occasional pimples once in awhile however . My take another couple months to see my skin clear up though . One thing I hate is the price since it does n't last for very long . But I guess if its helping its worth it.Update.Ok , finished off 3 bottles of this stuff . Still was taking 3 a day everyday . I did not notice any helpful benefits by taking this . Still was getting terrible acne on my back . It may have helped somewhat by limiting the number but still not enough to warrent a fourth bottle . I did however combine this with Oxy cleansing pads towards the finishing off the bottle . That seems to be working better than taking pills .
 I was hopeful that it might at least help reduce my acne but I used it faithfully for a month , took the correct dosage , and it did n't work at all . Others said it took 3 to 4 weeks , maybe I should have given it more time , but I figured after a month , with my breakouts as bad as ever , I did n't want to waste another 25 bucks or so to find out .
 Did n't work a bit for me . Realize that the carrier is lactose , so if you are lactose intolerant ...
 me dont not really recommend this ... not that effective . . get accutane ... help a lots . . . ... . . . . . . .
 I received my pills very quickly which was about the only good thing I can say about them . I took them religiously for about 3 weeks and saw no change in my acne . I then upped my dosage by one pill and still no significant changes . I guess I will be looking for another `` magic '' acne pill . Good luck .
 I know these are the cheap disposable ones but you ca n't hear much of anything through them . They seem to be built well enough but you still ca n't hear much .
 I purchased this because I am tired of borrowing my mother 's Stethoscope . She is a nurse and she has one of those over priced Littman stethoscopes she uses at work in the hospital . My daughter has asthma and we use it daily to see if she is wheezing , and to check if she is moving her air well.I figured how bad could this be ? The price should have tipped me off . The sound is very `` tinny '' , like hitting the side of an empty pop can . Plus it 's way too low . You can not make out any breath sounds and even barely the heartbeat . I will be returning it promptly . The only plus I can think of is the neon pink color is very cute , and the stethoscope itself is very lightweight . I can not recommend this to anyone at all for home use , and definitely not in a professional medical setting.I will continue to search for a middle ground in price and quality for a home-use stethoscope , but this is definitely bottom of the barrel .
 The flavor is not strong an is gone in 2 seconds , better off with an ultra thin lifestyles , and your imagination
 WILL NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING MORE FROM AMAZON !!!!!!!!!!!! product was not what I expected and wanted a store credit and it was not available for credit , so IM STUCK WITH IT NOW !!!! tHEY SHOULD TELL THERE CUSTOMERS THIS WHEN YOU ORDER FROM THEM .
 I got these while pregnant after my midwife recommended them to me . Unfortunately , they did not work for me . In their defense I had some pretty EPIC heartburn while pregnant -LRB- did n't matter what I ate ... I could have had bread and water the whole time -RRB- , it pretty much felt like the fires of hell had set up camp in my stomach with some pretty rowdy parties in my esophagus -LRB- even a prescription from the doc never cured the heartburn -RRB- . Luckily 2 months after my order my little girl was born and TADA , goodbye heartburn . So , maybe this would work if you just had mild heartburn ?
 I think that is wrong picture.Coaxial Opthalmosope is small one.Is this picture Welch Allyn 11820 PanOptic Ophthalmoscope ? Is n't it?If I order this one , would you send me this one with PanOptic Ophthalmoscpe ?
 If you attempt to return a product to this company , be prepared for a lengthy process . You contact them , get a return order special code , and then must wait to return the item . You can not return it via regular mail . You must use UPS , etc. or they will not honor your return . They do not respond promptly to email . I would not recommend this company .
 I purchased the clic readers here for $ 15.99 WHY are they $ 24.99 now ? Too bad because it was a great product but I 'll NEVER spend $ 24.99 for them !
 The product does n't work well considering the sun shines over the top of the half glasses . What they really need is sunglass bi-focals . Flat glass at the top and 2.5 strength on the bottom . This way you can read in the sun without having to switch glasses .
 Awful . If I had known that the back start on the glasses was hard I would never have purchased them . This is an item I should have returned ! They would be great for a guy , but if you have longer hair , they are a disaster !
 These are just OK , not great . I have 2 pairs of the clic readers and I love them . The sunglasses , however , are not as sturdy , the adjustment feature does not work on my pair and I just can not endorse them . I am disappointed as I am a huge fan of the clic readers and could not wait for the sunglasses . It 's a shame .
 Very disappointed in the fit as it did not work properly on even a small woman 's head . Essentially impossible to adjust as the cord is actually hard plastic .
 I have several clic glasses . for some reason this one came in defective and it is too much trouble to return it to amazon -LRB- waiting 3 years for refund for a blender -RRB- . They will not adjust so I can not use them .
 I purchased a pack for the laser pointer for our dog -LRB- which needs 3 batteries -RRB- . . none of them worked longer than 3 MINUTES !!!! Beware do not buy !! Thanks god I only bought one package to try them out , before I bought like 5 of these packs !!!
 This tub worked well until my daughter learned how to lean her head forward -LRB- 3.5-4 months -RRB- She rolls forward and her legs go inward into her belly -LRB- like a pill bug -RRB- and she then proceeds to roll to either side and can potentially go face forward into the bath tub if you 're using this in the bath -LRB- we do n't have large enough sinks to use this at the sink . -RRB- I bought it on clearance somewhere besides amazon.com but really wanted to pass on my experience . that and the center divide looks painful on the area that rests on it .
 I purchased this for my twin boys after much research . I wanted an infant tub I could use on a counter until they were able to sit on their own and be in the actual bath tub . However , when placed in this infant tub the water barely covers the legs of the baby being bathed and my boys hate it and cry because they are cold . I 've tried covering their bellies with a washcloth when washing to keep them warm , but they hate it . I thought they just did n't like baths until I bathed them in a tub that was deeper and they could be more submerged and they LOVED it . Also , the angle of the seat makes it easy for them to throw their bodies forward or sideways while being bathed . I would not recommend this tub to any parent .
 I DO NOT recommend this tub for squirmy babies ! My 1 month old had his foot stuck in the side of this tub and screamed until he was purple ! It may work for those of you who have calm babies . But if you have a baby who does n't like bath time , you should probably invest in a different tub .
 I bought this for my 4 month old daughter since she 's temporarily out grown the sink . The foam back and crouch support keeps her from sliding down but need to be more concave . My daughter can easily roll side to side and had nearly rolled right out of the tub . It also makes it very hard to wash her back , butt and groin areas . The tub 's not very deep and is designed so she sits up out of the water which causes her to get cold easily . And being as only her feet are really in the water she tends to kick and splash a lot . The pivoting handle is useful to hang the tub on the shower curtain rod . The plug in the bottom of the tub helps drain it afterward and does n't leak . The temperature indicator is very helpful showing if the water is too cold , too hot or just right . It 's an okay tub until my daughter can sit up better and we can go back to using the sink .
 Disappointed that the sleeve wo n't stay in place -- slips down to the knee -LRB- or below -RRB- . I measured for size as directed , and ordered the medium . Guess I needed the small .
 Tends to drift down your thigh when doing faster workouts . The Chinese made inner lining does n't breathe but it is warm on cold days .
 The actual item was not as pictured exactly . There was hardly any space between the last bump and the base .
 This is a simple , inexpensive , and yet useful item . The shipping , however , is three times the cost of the product itself.I understand that shipping even an empty envelope costs money , so I tried to buy several at once to combine the shipping cost . Instead , I was billed shipping for each ! Until there is a way to combine shipping on these small items , I will shop elsewhere .
 I went through a whole bottle as directed on it 's label for proper dosage and my symptoms did not go away now I 'm stuck with the other bottle I bought . Maybe it 's just me because not everything can work for everyone but this did not work for me at all .
 I placed two orders and one arrived and one did n't ... claiming a missing address . How could that be possible if one of the packages got there ? I never got the product , so I ca n't review it .
 If you 're serious about putting on quality , lean muscle then this is not the product for you . I bought this in a hurry . Only when I settled down to read the label thoroughly did I feel like a complete idiot.In one 38g scoop of this product , you will receive a massive 5g of protein . In the same scoop you will receive 29g of carbs , over half of which is sugar . So , this product contains around 76 % carbs and around 13 % protein . Why then , do they call it a protein powder ? It 's a carb powder . I 'd expect a protein powder to have at least 90 % protein.The product recommends you have 4 scoops in one drink . That 's over 58g of sugar in one drink . That 's disgusting.If you want to gain mass , then this product is for you . But then , you could get the same effect from eating candy.If you 're serious about putting on quality muscle mass , then stay as far away from this product as possible . Buy some chicken , turkey , tuna and , if you can find it in the US , whey protein isolate.I 'm from the UK where it 's easy to find a tub of non-flavoured , pure whey protein isolate . It 's not a big deal . Finding that stuff here is like finding gold . I 've been here over 2 years and I still have n't found any.This stuff is not protein powder . It 's junk .
 This 3 pound package contains 1335 grams . The seller says that a serving is 148 grams , giving the buyer NINE servings of 21 grams of protein each . NINE . NINE times 21 = 189 grams total.So what else do you get in the 148 grams per serving ? 67 grams of sugar . TWO OUNCES of sugar.I am puzzled about what the remaining 60 grams per serving contain ? Maybe I have misread the label , but one other reviewer reached the same conclusion I did.In my kitchen , there is a five pound can of GS brand whey protein . 74 servings . Each serving is 30.4 grams and it contains 24 grams of protein . Only one gram of sugar in mine.Do not get ripped off ; keep looking for high quality whey protein . If the vendor does not like my review , you know where to find me . Better still , clean up your act .
 It appears to be many of them , but the box is very small and the ginshen roots are extremely small .
 This product is only decent if you sleep on your back . In any other sleep position you will find the velcro closer cumbersome and uncomfortable . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 I have been using American Ginseng over 15 + years . I am wondering why those slices are 2 times bigger than average . American Ginseng should be harvested with 3-4 years if you do the research on the internet . Anyway , I chewed pieces of them and they were too flat -LRB- tasteless -RRB- for me . I did not feel the bitter and sweet on my throat or on my tongue after using it . I am not so sure about its quality.By the way , I saw some other reviews that other customers who gave 4 or 5 stars are basically not reviewing the quality of this products , they made comments on the shipping . I am really scratching my head what the purpose is ?????????
 The picture shows good looking big slices of the ginseng in the box , which makes you think that they are all sliced from the bigger ginseng . But after I opened the box , I found out that except the surface ones , underneath , they are all smashed pieces , scraps and slices from very small ginseng.It is deceivable and cheating by putting a few big slices on top and stuffing scraps underneath , and it really made me to think if quality of the product is up to its descriptions !
 I was very excited to try this deodorant but I am very disappointed in the smell . It seriously stinks ! I wo n't be using it .
 If you like the smell of patchouli , you will like this deodorant . I personally do n't and so ca n't recommend it .
 Love the smell . I love the idea of organic . I live in Alabama and this product is no match for the humid summers here .
 This product is cheaply made and has only a very mild smell that does not last . I am also not sure why the picture shows two of the product , because you only get one .
 I find that this really works no better than using nothing . I will go back to using magnesium oil spray for deodorant . It works great and I get my magnesium .
 i am not a particularly stinky or sweaty person , but i was looking for a less chemically deodorant when i became pregnant . i tried to like this , i really did , but my BO was hideous when i wore this - worse than when i just went without altogether . it is also pretty slimy . i gave up and went back to dove .
 I really like the Nature 's Gate soap , shampoo , and conditioner products and was hoping the deodorant would be equally good . However , it was not able to handle the task as effectively as other stick deodorants on the market . It smells great , but the consistency is almost like soap and difficult to apply . The baking soda is not able to keep sweaty areas dry or absorb body odor enough .
 I feel I got tricked into buying this . DO N'T BUY THIS !!! By the way , the deorderant DOES NOT smell like fruit . I do n't recommend this item unless you want your armpits to sweat and smell . I 'm not happy with this product > : -LSB-
 It 's recommended that you take 2 capsules 3 times a day . Not worth it at all and turns out to be more expensive than other brands .
 The instructions seem to indicate that all , every nut and bolt are supposed to fit through this very stiff rubber ring . Not so good for me . It 's pure torture to try and not achieve success in stuffing it all through there . Not even one at a time . So , TAKE CAREFUL MEASUREMENTS with a string around it and measure it before wasting your money with this device . NO RETURN OF THIS MERCHANDISE ! That 's my advice . IF THEY EVER MAKE A 21/2 '' RING , I 'VE GOT TWO SMALLER ONES TO UPGRADE . Suggestions might include making it easier to stretch . This is nothing if not as hard as a hockey puck !
 I ordered the TANTUS BEGINNER PENIS RING , 2 inches size.Well , BEGINNER inwhat sense ?? I would say the size is for extra large endowments . The product is ok -LRB- the quality -RRB- but the size is for porn stars . . I 'm experienced in cockrings , just did n't know the size , but this is a kind of turn down for beginners .
 I was really enjoying my massager . I wish it had a massage to go under the foot -LRB- it would just vibrate -RRB- , but with such bad feet as I have , this was giving me a lot of relief.Then , it broke . The vibration still works , but it seems the motor froze up on me . I think it occurred just before the warranty expired , but I did not notice until just after it expired -LRB- but 10 days after it expired -RRB- . I emailed the company and they said it would cost $ 125 to get it fixed.Really ? Yes , the warranty is for one year , but this is a big ticket item -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . If you make a product , there should NOT be an issue with freezing motors after 1 year.I wish I could still use this , but am NOT laying out almost half the cost it originally was bought for to have it work for 1 more year .
 Bought this for my wife 5 months ago . Worked great the first 4 months . But power cord into back went bad . Seems to be both a cord and connection problem . Bigger problem -- No Warranty ! And No way to contact QLive . Beware this product ! I wish I 'd spent more for the Brookstone version - at least I could get that fixed .
 Be aware of worst service!My massager broke after 3 months of using.It was working pretty good in the beginning but the squeezing modestopped working after awhile.According to the seller the item has a 1yr warranty but hewould n't pay for the shipping . I just went to the UPS store andit would cost me about $ 77 + packing about $ 103 and I called the seller to see if he can help me out with the shipping and his answer was flat NO with lots of screaming . He just would n't hear my comments and complaints.Worst customer service experience ever !!! and of course poorly madeproduct !!
 I purchased this unit 4 months ago . It suddenly stopped working . Although it has a 1 year warranty , the caveat is you must pay for shipping to California . In my case that represents a significant percentage of the unit 's cost . Reputable companies I have dealt with in the past cover the return cost for defective merchandise . This concept is lost on Magic Wholesale . My advice is to spend a few dollars more and deal with a company that stands behind its ' products and offers good customer service . Magic Whole is NOT one of those companies . Avoid this product .
 I bought the leg massager for my parents in early October and it malfunctioned in a month . I called Mega Wholesales for information about my options and the guy kept yelling at me to just return it for repair . They are based in California and I am 3000 miles away . Not only was he completely unprofessional , he said I only get 30 days after purchase to return it - like he was doing me some kind of favor . I thought the warranty was one year , but it 's hard to tell because warranty info was not included in the packaging . This completely sucks.I still love Amazon though !
 I loved it for the 5 months that it worked ... The power cord is n't working and I can not find a replacement ! I have tried contacting Qlive and searching for the model number of the power cord . It is very disappointing ...
 I purchased this unit for my wife when she was expecting our baby daughter , Isabella . It worked well for only 4 massages then it died completely . My wife contacted the seller with no luck . I tested the power supply transformer and it was fine . the problem was with the female power receptacle on the back of the unit or the circuit board itself or maybe both . they wanted to charge us $ 125.00 plus $ 67.00 charge to ship it to them . Keeping in mind that this only messaged my wife 's feet 4 times and then it just stopped for no apparent reason . this unit is in brand new condition cosmetically and it was never abused . This QLIVE has to change their name to QDEAD . please do not support this business . they are impossible to deal with and they never attempt to repair anything ! $ 300.00 does not grow on trees but to the manufacturers it seems so because they just picked the hard earned dollars out of my pockets for pure junk that breaks easily . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT KEEP AWAY FROM MAGIC WHOLE-SELLERS AND MEGA WHOLESELLERS .
 1st of all , beware of the $ 50 + shipping and handling . The product appeared to be new inside packaging but the cord appeared to have been just thrown inside the box unwrapped . When I plugged the unit in , it went crazy making weird noises and started smoking . Needless to say , it 's being returned .
 `` I received a defective foot massager for which I had paid a heavy price of 250 dollars . Seller does not respond my calls . Foot massager is very heavy and will cost a lot to ship it back . I am still following up with both Amazon and Seller to see if my return shipping will be re-imbursed . Overall a very bad service . I am completely dissatisfied to receive a defective item and the hassles of return ''
 This item not received . What more can I say , but you say I must say so many words . Ah , I made it .
 This pill gave me so much energy I did not sleep for the entire first week I was taking it , I physically could n't . After that I was extremely shaky every day and would get headaches all the time . On a good note it gave me so much energy I was extremely motivated to work out and did lose some weight . All in all I gave it 1 star because even though it did help with the weight loss the side effects were too much for me .
 Why buy pills when you can for a walk and lose weight free by walking or running .
 `` August 01 , 2004Liquid Creatine Manufacturer FinedMuscle Marketing USA -LRB- MMUSA -RRB- , maker of the popular liquid creatine supplement ATP Advantage Creatine Serum , has been fined $ 70,000 US by an Auckland district court for violating the New Zealand Fair Trade Act . MMUSA is charged with making false representations about the effectiveness of its creatine serum and concentration levels contained in each bottle . Label claims state that 5ml of the serum contain 2500 mg of creatine but test results indicated a presence of just 11.5 mg creatine . Creatine is known to be unstable in liquid form , but MMUSA has continued to market their product globally . ''
 Read the below : Muscle Marketing USA fined $ 70,000 for false claims about sports performance productIssued 14 July 2004Muscle Marketing USA Limited has been fined $ 70,000 in the Auckland District Court today for breaching the Fair Trading Act in relation to its sports performance enhancing product ATP Advantage Creatine Serum.In sentencing , Judge Everitt said that Muscle Marketing?s claims about its product were so far from actual reality that it was a very bad case of a misleading statement . ? The company was highly culpable . On a scale of 1-10 it was 8 . ? The Commerce Commission investigated claims that Muscle Marketing USA was making false representations in promotional material and labelling regarding the quantity of creatine in its ATP Advantage Creatine Serum product and the benefits that people would get from using it.Creatine is a nutrient that is synthesised from food by our bodies . It provides the energy muscles need to move and is often used by athletes to improve their sports performance.Fair Trading Director Deborah Battell said that in the Commission?s view , Muscle Marketing USA falsely represented that 5ml of its serum yielded the equivalent of 2500mg of creatine . ? Tests conducted on the serum showed that 5mls of the product contained only around 11.5 mg of creatine . This means that on the basis of Muscle Marketing USA?s recommended daily dose of 5mls a day , athletes would not be able to obtain the benefits as represented . ? A 150ml bottle of the serum retails for $ 119.95 . This is a significant outlay , particularly when people are paying this price based on misleading representations ? Ms Battell said . ? It?s another example of a product where consumers are utterly reliant on claims being made by the company because they have no realistic means of checking the actual composition or effectiveness of the product , ? said Ms Battell.In sentencing , Judge Everitt commented that people will always have pride in their appearance and are vulnerable to this kind of marketing . The Act is designed to create fair trading and to protect the public from ? snake oil people and the like ? , he said . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 It 's a heating pad . It works . The cover could be softer . MY big mistake was not double checking that it had auto shutoff . It should have this feature , our older Sunbeam model has it ! The new design controller works well . I only gave it two because the missing feature should be a deal killer . If you fall asleep with it it could burn you . It should be a standard feature on any heating pad marketed TOWARDS seniors !!!!
 I have used almost 3/4 of the formula and I detect no dif , doda do da do ad do da do
 This looks really cute in the photo , but it really looks like something you 'd find in your mechanic 's waiting room . The book is made out of thick , unattractive vinyl , and the ` sleeves ' inside are thick and look like a cheap way to store business cards . What comes to mind when I look at it is a vinyl map holder . I suppose if you plan on taking your guest book everywhere you go -LRB- i.e. backpacking or extreme snowboarding -RRB- , you might need something this plastic , waterproof , and yes , ugly . However , if you are looking for something elegant that will be a keepsake , look elsewhere .
 The instructions seem to indicate that all , every nut and bolt are supposed to fit through this very stiff rubber ring . Not so good for me . It 's pure torture to try and not achieve success in stuffing it all through there . Not even one at a time . So , TAKE CAREFUL MEASUREMENTS with a string around it and measure it before wasting your money with this device . NO RETURN OF THIS MERCHANDISE ! That 's my advice . IF THEY EVER MAKE A 21/2 '' RING , I 'VE GOT TWO SMALLER ONES TO UPGRADE . Suggestions might include making it easier to stretch . This is nothing if not as hard as a hockey puck !
 I ordered the TANTUS BEGINNER PENIS RING , 2 inches size.Well , BEGINNER inwhat sense ?? I would say the size is for extra large endowments . The product is ok -LRB- the quality -RRB- but the size is for porn stars . . I 'm experienced in cockrings , just did n't know the size , but this is a kind of turn down for beginners .
 This product is not working like the one I receive at the dentist office IT 's now 4 weeks and no resultuse-in every day no changes from where the last product stop.Jervis
 I bought this product and tried it about 6 times and also had someone else try it . Did n't do anything . Would not recommend at all .
 Plain and simple this product had no value . It did n't work at all . My best friend is a dentist so I have custom fitted trays . I used all of this product with NO WHITENING AT ALL . I hope the company I bought this from -LCB- or Amazon whom I have been a loyal and long term customer -RCB- offers me something that works . I am shocked.Tom Gaudreau , Boston Ma .
 I used the product for 2 weeks straight in 30 minute increments each night before bed . And I do not notice any difference in my smile . My teeth were already white - as far as normal teeth coloring goes -LRB- which isnt white enough in today 's world -RRB- , and I was still hoping to make them whiter - the way it looks when you get your teeth bleached . I wish I had ordered just one tube to try it out instead of ordering the bulk amount in excitement after reading other positive reviews . I do wonder if they work better on yellow/slightly stained teeth but are not meant for bleaching . I am disappointed having no results after 2 weeks , but maybe I had the wrong expectations .
 The Watt 's Power White is my second teeth whitening product from Amazon . My dentist gave me the Colgate Visible whitening kit with the trays he made for me . The Colgate worked pretty well . Then I tried the Day White ACP from Amazon , and it was okay . I could n't tell a lot of difference . I got the Watt 's the other day , and all I can say is ICK ! I got the mint , but it has an extremely toxic smell and taste . I gagged on the first try because some of it got on the back of my tongue , and it was just too much for me . The other products have a fairly nice taste , a mint or pleasant toothpaste taste , but this seemed to be just raw product , and it tastes like gasoline or some kind of toxic oil product . It was just terrible . Anyway , I tried it twice and it had little , if no effect , on whitening my teeth , so will not be using this product any further and can only recommend this to individuals who can stomach this kind of taste and smell . I recommend trying something else , like the Colgate Visible White or Day White ACP The Colgate has the best taste and does a better job whitening teeth in my opinion .
 does not work as indicated . claims to be 35 % but i have used this for 2 weeks twice a day and very little has changed . the directions indicated was strong and not to get on gums the 20 % i got first from the dentist was stronger .
 Very difficult to swallow despite being so small ... . Strong Aftertaste did n't notice a great benefit from them ... doubt that I will order these again ...
 It 's not a miracle cure or magic bullet . Remember when Ginseng was THE latest thing ??? There are no adverse side effects . My suggestion is
 Rhodiola works great . When I ran out of MIND BODY & SPIRIT , I picked this up and a couple of other brands as well . Could n't get the same Rhodiola lift out of it . While another reviewer has good luck with it , I think that may be because she has n't tried anything else . This product just does n't have much going for it . I had to double up on the dosage to get any noticeable effect .
 I read the review of the person below who said do n't buy this if you have problems with your hands , but I do n't , so I bought it . I do n't know how anyone can close the top of this bottle . It 's the strangest thing I 've ever seen . I could n't even close it empty . I returned it immediately .
 If you have any trouble with mobility in your fingers or hand , or if you do n't have strength in your fingers/hand , do NOT get this product .
 You ca n't use this bottle . The lock does n't work at all !!!!! Please , never never buy this bottle !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a very poor quality product.Nobody should buy it.I could not get the money back even .
 If one is NOT expecting a trailmix bar or some gluten-free granola in the bar , this product would merit at least one or maybe two more stars . No grains of any sort are detectable , and I wanted something crunchy . On the other hand , if one is craving dates , this bar will satisfy the desire . I have given 5 star ratings to other Pure Bar flavors , but this one totally disappointed me . I wish I could return the box .
 I have tried several other of the PURE bars and really enjoy their flavor and overall taste ! However , the chocolate chip trail mix is a disappointment . I like chocolate and thought this would be a nice alternative to the brownie bar , but it does n't even have a hint of chocolate , at least in the common sense of chocolate . The flavor otherwise is decent and edible , but I would prefer one of the others if going purely on the name as an indication of taste . Especially if buying a full case of this , I would try to find a single bar locally and give it whirl first .
 I have tried nearly every flavor . I love Pure Bars . Great quality and wonderful tasting . I do NOT like this particular flavor though .
 The can is different than other Lemon Mates I have purchased in the past . It does n't spray in the same way either and it does n't smell like it used to . I do n't know if the product that was shipped is old , or what . But it smells a little rancid . We are very disappointed , we thought we were getting the same product as before . We love this product but it is hard to find at retail stores . Maybe I 'll try a different vendor .
 For the price I paid , this is nothing special at all.I have other gags that were much less $ $ $ that are much Better then this.Just Another $ 2 dollar toy sold by amazon for $ 20 .
 I saw this at the drugstore for only $ 10 and thought I would give it a try . When I opened the the bulky plastic carrying case which is included with the item , the glass mirror which is attached to it fell off . Luckily it did not break . A cheap glue had been used to secure it . It included a personal groomer for ear and nose hair with an additional attachment for shaving other body hairs . But the personal groomer is so cheaply made that it cuts off if you move it quickly , and it barely cuts . The shaver itself is advertised as a `` pleasure of a gentle shave that leaves your skin amazingly smooth and soft to touch '' . But you can run this thing all over your face all day and you will still have a five o'clock shadow . After using it a couple of times -LRB- why I tried it a second time I do not know -RRB- , it is very apparent that this is , as another reviewer put it , a `` hunk of junk '' . Paying ten cents for this item would be too much .
 Do not buy this razor . I recently bought it at a local Goody 's . The razor itself work for maybe 3 times -LRB- not very good -RRB- then just broke . The ear and nose trimmer did n't work at all . Very poorly made product
 I bought this at he local Walgreen 's drug store . Used it for about one month , then it broke . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 This watch is very dark in color . Buttons are small , hard to see , and complicTed to use . The readout is tiny and dark The instructions are also hard to read . And the watch and strap look like cheap plastic . It 's really hard to say anything complimentary about this product . Not recommended .
 I got this for my Grandma because she has trouble seeing . The problem is , the voice on it is not very clear at all . So now , instead of asking me what time the microwave clock shows , she pushes the button on the watch and asks me what time the watch says . Half the time I ca n't even understand what it said . One more problem is that the buttons and their labels are super small and hard for most elderly people to work .
 This review is for the Tel-Time VI , not the only watch that this search engine recognises , the VII . Actually , while the battery held up this watch kept decent time . For disabled folks , it can be pretty important to keep ` systems ' in place so that getting around and generally functioning well is not impacted . Well do n't lose the instructions or the person that can read them for you ; the only place on line that offers them wants you to pay for the instructions , and it is likely that those instructions are for a completely different watch . So essentially your $ 25 is being spent to have a talking watch until the battery dies . There is no website for Tel-Time , contact is either a well-guarded secret or just is n't going to happen . Economically , if you toss one of these out every several months and have to buy a new one , getting a more expensive watch from another company that is n't in fear of having to back their product with some `` customer service '' -LRB- it is outrageous that this term has become a joke -RRB- , is a money-saver . I personally recommend almost anything else . Unless , of course , someone writes in and informs me that there is another company that finds it even more humorous to move the furniture around .
 I , too , used to buy these regularly at the health food store . Now somewhat older and wiser , I think I understand why the health food store stopped carrying this product . If you study the label carefully -LRB- which I never did before -RRB- , I think you 'll find it is rather misleading.Big picture of cherries and the word `` Acerola '' in big red print . The ingredients statement , however , is n't forthcoming . As best I can figure , you 're getting in each tablet 500mg -LRB- 1/2 gram -RRB- of vitamin C , and 2 grams of sugar . Since it does n't say what kind of sugar , we must presume it 's white , refined sugar . There may be as much as 530mg of Vit C in each tablet , but apparently only about 30mg of that is from natural sources . The bulk of it -LRB- probably almost 500mg -- ca n't be sure -RRB- is from `` ascorbic acid . '' That is simply a laboratory chemical form of vitamin C.Bottom line
 This used to be a good product , but as of August 2011 it is no longer . Slowly the company has been skimping on the amount of actual lime oil used in the product -- now so little is used that it hardly has any odor at all , and smells instead like linseed oil , rendering it all but useless as a deodorizer . I do n't think I 'll be buying any more of this company 's products . Currently , the tops of the cans do n't even match the bottoms -- a sure sign that the company is focusing on skimping and on maximizing profits rather than on producing a good product .
 About 10 years ago this was a really great product . Nothing could beat it . Then , it got noticeably less great . Then , they stopped producing for about a year due to a sourcing issue . Now they 're making Lime Mate again , but it 's not at all the same product . The `` spray '' is very oily and makes the floor slippery and stains anything it comes in contact with . The fragrance has turned into an odor , more like rotting fruit than limes . The last case I bought was mostly unusable - the sprayers do n't even spray ! I complained to Orange Mate and never heard back from them . If they get this product back to where it was years ago I 'd be glad to remove this review . I miss Lime Mate .
 Although this spray has a really wonderful , natural , non-perfume scent , I had to give a lower review since the bottles leak horribly ! We have used this product in the past , and really enjoyed it . So , I ordered two bottles . Both of them leak so much each time we spray that our hands are covered with the product and it is dripping from the bottle . In the past , we have had a little problem with leaking after using the spray for a long time . But now , as soon as we began to use it , it was leaking like crazy ! I hope they figure out what is wrong with these , because there is no other spray that comes close to the smell . I ca n't stand most sprays that are full of chemicals . This smells like you just cut up a lime in the room .
 Just spent the last day and a half in the restroom . Ca n't believe they advertise this as ` gentle ' . Pay close attention to active ingredient -LRB- I wish I had -RRB- . Magnesium in high dosages will give you the runs , nothing more . If you want to have the runs , buy this product .
 I used an oygen-type colon cleanse many times . I switched once to Colosan and it burned me . It has been 6 months now and my vulva area is in burning pain constantly and very painful to walk .
 i ordered this product on december 6 , in plenty of time for christmas ; it took several weeks to arrive . very undependable because of this .
 My dog has rancid breath , bad plaque , and plaque builds up very quickly . Based on these rave reviews , I was hoping that there would be much improvement . After several weeks , the entire tube , and teeth brushing every day , I have not seen any improvement . I still gave it 2 stars because it did n't make her teeth worse and who knows , maybe it does a little something still . But overall , I would not buy this again . I am trying other products .
 Bought this first and they hate it , so I kinda kept forgetting to use it.I ca n't work if I do n't use it . So I bought the water additive and put it in my dogs fresh water everyday and already they have slightly better breath in 1 week . So if you 're torn between the two , I 'd choose the water additive .
 This shaver just takes too long . I can use a blade in about 1/10th the time it takes me to shave with this thing . I have to go over the same area several times . At first I did n't think there were any blades in it . After I started grinding it into my face , it started to cut pretty close , in some spots . I 've used an electric shaver before and was diappointed with that one too . I giveing up on them all together .
 I am a doctor from Miami , time is important to me.I thought that I did my homework , I read all the reviews , etc. . . I guess the people who are satisfied with this product are simply naive ! This shaver is a complete disappointment and on top of that if you want to return , good luck ! You will get those nice emails from amazon ' customer service telling you that they can not accept the refills -LRB- dangerous hazards in shipping -RRB- while they shipped it to you !! it 's ok for them and not ok for you ! Moreover you need to call the company directly on your own . Of course did I mention that the company wants you to return the refills to amazon not to them?What a frustrating deal.I was Amazon # 1 fan , I purchased almost everything from them -LRB- books , equipments , DVD 's , etc. . . -RRB- , not anymore .
 Bicycling magazine said this was the best shaver for men 's legs . I tried it for the first shave of the summer . It did n't shave at all . OK , maybe my hair was too long . So I shaved with a blade , waited a week , and tried shaving my stubble . Still does n't shave at all . My massage therapist said that no electric shaver can shave men 's legs . I 'll sell it and go back to a blade .
 This product has a small L shaped part , which attaches the motor to the oscillator . It is very small and has small notches on the sides . This part snapped after the shaver was just over 2 years old . Braun wants me to ship -LRB- packing time , driving to the post office , extra cost -RRB- or drive -LRB- 45 min -RRB- the product to a local repair center , which is obviously not worth the trouble and cost.Just thought I 'd share my experience . I would not buy this product again .
 I have been using from december 2003 . Iam planning to get rid of it as it doesnt shave well under chin . Doesnt work well at neck areas . I have to do couple of times in different directions to have clean shave . I Do not recommend this . Also I feel my beard is growing too fast after using this.Only the applicator -LRB- shaving gel -RRB- is great . Also while charging , it doesnt charge completely at once . It does go off and on several times in a day . I keep it hooked to the power outlet.Anyone please recommend me a good one . After a thorough research , i bought this and my research proved me wrong
 I purchased Sugar Aid as an alternative to Diachrome , chiefly because it was much cheaper -- assuming it was roughly equivalent . Upon examination of the actual product , however , I discovered that it has only one-third of the principal ingredient , chromium picolinate , and even less of some secondary components . When taken at the recommended dosage , there is no cost advantage .
 I did n't like the taste at all . I -LRB- barely -RRB- got through the box and wo n't be ordering again .
 I bought this product of Vitamin Shoppe on Jan/30/2012 . In the package , on the receipt it said
 I 've been using these wipes for a long time , thinking they were a great solution , and did n't make a connection between them and the severe itchy rash that I developed after a while in the areas wiped ... I was suffering from the rash for many months and had no clue that these wipes are causing it ! Nothing would help to alleviate the symptoms , since I continued using the wipes , unaware that they are the culprit . It was so frustrating until I read this report which blames the chemicals/preservatives used in these wipes for creating rashes and irritation ! `` The authors of the new report , from the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , singled out one chemical -- called methylchloroisothiazolinone or MCI -- as a cause of particular concern . '' `` We voice our concern about MCI -LRB- and the related compound MI -RRB- being used as a preservative in cosmetics , industrial products , and moist toilet paper . '' `` wet wipes are a common cause of allergy . The allergens are almost always preservatives . `` Are n't you sick of all the harmful chemicals the cosmetic industry is dumping on us ??? Did you read the looooong list of chemicals that are in these wipes ? And it says on their label
 A single pack of 10 sheets sells for $ 0.79 at local groceries . So put 12 of them in a bundle , and considering the bulk factor , the cost should be about $ 4-7 . And it 's selling for $ 18 + here . If this is not price gouging then I do n't know what is . I do n't get all those people who gave it 5 stars . Maybe their hygiene is sooooooo important they can disregard price -LRB- lol -RRB-
 Unlike standard package , tissues are hard to pull out of package , the package leaks and must be kept in a Ziploc bag and they tear very easily .
 Two weeks in & absolutely zero affect noticed when taking this . No increased energy . This would seem to be a placebo only
 the ingredients are there , but you need high doses . would look somewhere else unless you are pretty receptive to supplements .
 I started taking this because it was recommended on Dr. Oz for thin hair . I also started taking Biosil at the same time , again in hopes of thickening my locks.My hair started falling out by the handful . It was scary , because it was about 4x the usually amount that normally falls out . I could n't figure out what it was until I went on vacation a couple of months later and stopped taking these two supplements -LRB- I continued on with my regular vitamins , supplements , etc -RRB- . About a week after I stopped taking it , my hair stopped falling out.So technically I do n't know if it was this or the Biosil that caused my hair to fall out , but I 'm definitely not going to risk taking either again to find out !
 The product itself is fine , but for whatever reason , it was really difficult to pull one individual wipe out of the packet . It did n't seem like the outside edge of each wipe was centered so as to be able to easily access it through the opening in the middle of the packaging . That opening is fairly small , too , so it was hard to dig around in there to pull out one wipe . I wound up tearing the top wipe trying to separate it from the one underneath it . I wanted to get this to have a travel pack , but one that was more environmentally sound than individually wrapped wipes , but I would n't buy this particular product again .
 I bought this cream because somebody told me it was good for eczema , but not it is not true . I have eczema in my hands , I used and I did not work inmediately my eczema came back . I used in my baby who has also eczema in his legs and it did not work at all . Instead I bought a cream name ARNICA SALVE DE LA CRUZ and it did work so fast the results were amazing . The cream is natural and cheap . Awesome cream .
 I have eczema and was excited about this product since it claims to be a natural alternative to steroid creams and has gotten some good reviews.Unfortunately , the cream did absolutely nothing to reduce the redness , dryness or itchiness of my eczema .
 I bought this in hopes that it would help relieve the itch associated with PUPPS , but it did n't give me much relief , not even temporarily . Moreover , I did n't like the smell of the product . I have n't used this product to treat other type of rashes or itch so I do n't know how effective it is - it just did n't work for me . Plus , it took a long time for this product to be shipped to me by the vendor so by the time I received it , I was dissappointed it not only arrived late , it was n't effective .
 I was hoping that this would work for my eczema/sebboric dermatitis but it didnt.It didnt provide any relief and actually my skin seemed to flake more . I wouldntrecommend it to any one and to waste your money on such a small amount as well.The directions said to apply it at least 3 times a day . I was using it 2 a day.Maybe thats why .
 Eczema is also called , nonspecific skin dermatitis , and is believed to be associated with people who have allergies . Allergic reaction to certain chemicals , can cause eczema . The active ingredient in this product is a vine , a plant extract , and who knows what the other ingredients are , they are not listed . If your like me and have eczema and or allergies ? I would not recommend this product , it gave me an allergic skin reaction , contact dermatitis , everywhere it was applied . It also caused itching for me , this product is not for sensitive skin . This is also not a replacement to cortisone cream as it is not an immuno-suppresent like hyrdorcortisone is . Do n't waste your money and make your problem worse by buying this product .
 I purchased the leaf cart to replace a metal one I had gotten years ago they no longer make . The first thing I did not like on it was the wheels were too small and being plastic made them not very smooth to roll down the driveway . The first day I used it , it tipped over several times as I was trying to place leaves in it . Then within hrs . one of the 4 plastic insert pieces that holds the lid in broke . I was rather dissappointed to say the least .
 Years ago we had a simple leaf bag holder that was merely two plastic hoops with supports between them . One hoop was at the top , and the other at the bottom . Simple clips on a string held a large leaf bag in place . Somehow it got given away when we moved . So I bought this . Or rather , fell for it.First , it is quite small . It took my engineer husband an hour to put it together and he had to use a hammer to get some pieces to fit . Each upright has what appears to be a squeezable thing so you can regulate how high the top of the bag will be . However , ours falls to the ground . My husband said that maybe the contents would make the top of the bag higher . It is not much larger than the outer dimensions of a grocery store brown bag . Certainly a 30 or 50 gallon leaf bag will be way too big for this.It is a flimsy device and I will , if I have to , repay return shipping to get this horrible poorly designed and made thing out of my sight.Use a cardboard box if you have to . But DO NOT buy this ! EVER EVER EVER
 I replaced my previous cart -LRB- no longer available -RRB- with this Poly Lawn and Leaf Cart and I have been so disappointed , I lost all the clips due to the fact that the clips can not withstand the weight of the items in the bag . Never even installed the flap that covers the bag because I did n't want to have to lift the flap every time I was placing leaves in the bag . What a terrible design , not functional . Too bad they do n't make my previous cart .
 This cart is adequate -LRB- I guess -RRB- for light filling by hand but leaves much to be desired even for that . It offers virtually no lateral support to the plastic leaf bag ; thus , as the bag begins to fill , it can pop off the plastic clips holding it to the top of the cart . -LRB- It took only one use to lose two of those clips which now lie either somewhere in the yard or at the bottom of a leaf bag in some land fill ! -RRB- At that point , the cart can tip over and/or spill the bagged debris . It is entirely too flimsy and unstable to be used for emptying a blower/vac bag . The opening is too small and any downward weight on the top of the cart will cause it to roll out from under your vac bag and fall over.I strongly recommend spending your money instead on one of the Fiskar 's Kangaroo collapsible leaf bags -- especially the one with the hard shell bottomFiskars 9413 30-Gallon Hard Shell Base Kangaroo Gardening Container . You can thank me later .
 Product is not as substantial as it appears in the photograph . It is really very flimsy and much smaller than it appears . It has a metal frame that the plastic parts snap onto . The plastic clips that hold the bag to the rim will unsnap and fall into the bag . The opening to put debris is small.I guess it would be fine for little ladies to put clippings after trimming their flowers , but for raking leaves and pinestraw , one would be wise to pass on this one . It also would be impossible to empty a lawn mower bag into .
 Was very disapointed with this Ames cart . I had one about 10 years ago and it was great . Like so many other companys over the years they make it cheaper . I hate the black clips that hold the bag on , Ive lost several already . Use to be a nice thick black band that held the bag in place . Although this works better than nothing I will never buy another one . I will just get a cheap one . What a shame this use to be a good company with quality products .
 FIrst of all , the cart came in pieces and had to be assembled , which was a pain . Once assembled , it was smaller than I thought it would be . It 's difficult to get leaves into it using a rake or those hand-held scoops , because the opening is just not wide enough . During the first use , a corner clip broke that holds the top rectangle -LRB- the bag holder -RRB- in place , so now it is n't even usable !! Also , it just takes too long to remove and reset all those clips every time you change a bag . I was hoping it had an elastic loop around the top , like my old one had , making bag changes quick and easy . It 's also not tall enough . Very , very disappointed .
 The refastenable portion of this protective pants does not provide a snug fit . On one occasion I had the boost insert actually come out through the side of the under pants . In addition , the absorbent material in the underpants breaks up in sections when wet with urine .
 I had thought these would be similar in fit with the pull on pants but with tabs . How wrong was I. I am a small size and ca n't get these to fit properly , they are huge . The tabs come undone also -LRB- when they re pulled tight . I am sorry I bought a case , what a waste of money .
 These are very bulky since one size fits all . They are hard for a handicapped person to put on and off by himself .
 I was not impressed with this item . Every time my son wears them he gets leaks.They are a convenient method , if they were a bit thicker and had a better leak barrier . I would not order them again .
 I ordered the 4 tab unintentionally . They are not useful for a bed-ridden patient . The 6-tab style is.They do n't stay up well either , when contents are added to the weight . They are not useful for either of my parents .
 I get Depend for an old person , and are really good , why 1 star ? , is the first time that I get this kind and I do not really like it , I prefer the noN adjustables.thats is only my opinion for this one , maybe you will like it but I prefer the others one.i can say I WILL NEVER YOU THIS AGAIN . I WILL USE THE NON ADJUSTABLES .
 Well , this did not work to heal my mild psoriasis at all . MG217 ointment with vitamin E is what cured it . Perhaps this will help to maintain healthy skin after ?!? I 'll repost and let you know .
 I have a mild case of psoriasis on my elbows and I 've tried a number of products with no much luck . Some things about this product to know , it seemed to make my skin smoother but any lotion will do that for me . It never took away redness and the skin remained the same so it did n't really seem to do much . It does carry an odor to it but that is a minor thing but the ineffectiveness was the main downfall .
 I do n't know what skin ailments others have but I tried this product decades ago and it did n't work on eczema AT ALL . I 'm using it now for horrible psoriasis guttate and hives/biyes . Again other than being smooth it does nothing . Does n't reduce swelling . Does n't fight infection . Does n't stop itching . Does n't stop scars . Does n't help scars .
 Used Psoriaflora for 2-3 years because it made the psoriasis on my knees and elbows not look SO bad , but it sure took a lot of cream . THEN I found this other cream , `` TG217 '' , that actually ELIMINATED THE PSORIASIS ALTOGETHER !!! Yikes , I 've been so happy with that stuff . one month and all the psoriasis that I had , elbows and knees , was gone . I felt that I was turning into an old turtle , crusty with psoriasis . TG217 worked incredible for me . hope it works for you too !! Peace .
 When I purchased these replacement brushes I thought I was buying original Oral B #EB 17-3 ? But the Brushes only lasted 2-3 weeks per brush . The problem was the round brush part started to become loose and pinch the inside of my mouth ? I am going to contact Amazon on this problem .
 Their is so many to pick from online so I went the middle of the road . After using the toohbrush several times , I was getting bristles in my mouth . Not very well made .
 After talking with Kimberly Clark customer service , I was told many people -LRB- including me -RRB- are not happy with the way they `` improved '' the Depends I use . Therefore , as of September , 2006 , they went back to the original Depends -LRB- wider , not folded so impossible to open -RRB- . I 'm still waiting for my Amazon order to start shipping the `` new '' Depends .
 I bought this item to increase bust size but was unable to see results because I had an allergic reaction -LRB- rash -RRB- after one week of using the oil . When I did use it , it had an awful smell , was sticky , and left a lot of color on my skin . I would not recommend this product .
 While the larger piece is good I never received the smaller one . I finally ordered it separately and paid for it again , but it was not the same as was in the picture .
 The blue piece is too big to handle . Niether piece work as stated . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I am rating this item 2 stars rather than 1 as part of my disappointment is on my part . Bravo to all of the customers who have had success using this device . Unfortunately , I have n't benefitted and am still researching how to better use the Back Buddy . As most Amazon shoppers do , I had read many of the reviews on this product before deciding to purchase . I have chronic pain , spine issues following a car accident and HUGE knots in my muscles -LRB- mostly my traps -RRB- . I have had physical therapy , acupuncture , massage , aqua therapy and many other forms of therapy to help relieve me of some of my chronic pain . Some worked better than others . Although I have had some success with therapy , insurance usually limits the amount of physical therapy a person has . So I have looked far and wide for a form of self therapy in hopes to relieve some pain and knots . I was pretty ecstatic to see many high praises on this product and excitedly ordered it . However upon receiving the Back Buddy , I was overwhelmed when pulling this odd looking contraption out of the box and discovering that no instructions were included . There was a very small `` pamphlet '' included with a few pictures but not really any great advise , suggestions or instructions . I had assumed an instructional DVD would be included . I was wrong . I understand there is no mention of a DVD in the description so that is my own fault . However with such a unique device and being it can essily be used inappropriately which could lead to more pain or damage to you , I think a DVD on how to correctly use this device SHOULD be included . I attempted to use it as well as my imagination would let me however I found it very bulky , awkward and difficult to find the appropriate manner in which to maneuver it . I even tried to search for videos online that could help me use it . But to my surprise , I did n't find much of anything helpful . I actually ended up getting more inflammation in my shoulders after using it than before . So I have ultimately purchased a $ 37 mini massager/back scratcher since the Back Buddy device is useless to me . I am disappointed I did n't go with my original plan which was to purchase the Theracane . It has great reviews and seems less intimidating . Please note that I am happy it apparently has helped many people , however for me it proved to be a worthless tool and now is stored in my shed until I find more information on better ways to use it . Until then I am still on a search for a great self-help item to help reduce pain and knots.So if you decide to purchase this item , consider these two points
 A fancy piece of plastic ... NO directions or instruction with this they say you can not return it once opened ... How are you surpose to try out product to see if it meets you expectation ? Return the product and they make you pay shipment and do n't refund you fully Save yopur money their policies are not going to keep them in business very long
 The s shape makes the massage tool more difficult to use than Theracane . The projections on one side of the tool have a round ball on the end . The other side has acorn shaped projections . There is an acorn projection on about a 4-6 '' stalk which looks like a down size of the male anatomy . Since I was going to use the tool with young soldiers , I returned the tool and opted for theracane instead.Amazon was wonderful as far as receiving the return and crediting the refund .
 They claim this wrap is 5 yards long . It is 5 feet long . The seller says it will stretch to 5 yards . I tried . If two people tug on it with full force you can just about stretch it to 5 yards . Of course , I am not sure how anyone would do that in practice . The quality is lame . It is so thin that as you wrap it necks in and wo n't stay flat . The seller would not let me return this item . Do n't buy from this supplier !
 THIS WAS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT . ORDERED THIS CAUSE OF THE GOOD REVIEWS . I RECEIVED A PRINCE OF PEACE BRAND - THAT IS , DIFFERENT BRAND , NOT 20 YR OLD BUT 6 YR OLD ROOTS -- WITH BITTER AND BAD ... MOLDY !! TASTE . FELT SICK AFTER - SO IT MAY EVEN BE A HEALTH HAZARD . PRINCE OF PEACE 6 YEAR OLD IS A GENERALLY SUB-STANDARD CHEAP BRAND EVEN IN CHINA , AS A CHINESE FRIEND TOLD ME LATER . AND ALL THE VIALS ARE VERY BITTER . PRICE IS TOO HIGH FOR A TERRIBLE PRODUCT , AND WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT WHEN I RECEIVED THE WRONG ITEM . FELT LIKE A BAIT AND SWITCH . I WOULD ONLY GO WITH FDA APPROVED . THIS SURE IS NOT .
 I was pretty happy with my purchase of five boxes of this stuff until I tilted back one of the vials and felt something chunky . I reflexively swallowed , but immediately spat out the remainder . That 's where I found two rather sizable chunks of glass that had fallen into my mouth ! I am going to report the company making these to the FDA . The seller is not to blame , and hopefully this is a one of a kind incident but I through out four boxes unopened and the remainder of the first box I opened and would not ever risk using them again .
 Ordered 20 year old . UPC on the back of the box says 20 year old . Box itself says 6 years old . Bottom line , I was sold a false product .
 I took 2 viles of this stuff & 10 hours later was in the ER feeling like I was about to pass out & never wake up . In all fairness I did mix it w / alcohol , but the dosage of just one vile -LRB- which the box recommends as a daily dosage -RRB- is 5,500 mg . 's . Most books & websites recommend no more than 500mg . 's a day ! Who knows what is actually in this product . I 've thrown away the rest , as I never want to feel that out of it & scared of falling asleep . I felt weak & light-headed for a week after .
 First the company that sells and packages the product needs to change from the three layered trays to the vials standing upright . Reason is just like with the older shipments of Royal King products I bought some vials were broken upon receiving it here in NC . Not worth a return IMO , I just wo n't be buying it again any time soon and not for this reason alone.I did n't care for the taste of this one at all , and question either the shelf life or quality control of the originating shipment . With some of the vials there was a dark ` settling ' on the bottom of the vials , I 'll assume that is the actual ginseng . Could it be due to being non-alcohol based ? Do n't know , do n't care . I did want to try an older than 12 years version of ginseng , but this product wo n't be it for me .
 Sorry to say this product did absolutely nothing for ant bite I received . This time it was a carpenter ant bite on my hand . By the time I noticed it on my hand it had already bitten it . It is swollen and so itchy with a red speck in the middle where the ant bit . In the past I have tried Sting Stop for fire ant bites as well and no relief . I was hoping it would work for this different type of bite . It has been 3 days and I am so uncomfortable . I wished it had worked .
 The spray feature does not work in the bottle I received . Ended up having to buy an empty spray bottle and pour product in it . For that reason alone I would not purchase Biofreeze in the Spray Formula again .
 I had high hopes for the product after reading the other reviews , but this product did nothing other than smell - it did not releave any pain , did not improve flexibility - nothing . I have gotten at least SOME relief from all the other over the counter remedys I have tried -LRB- Bengay and Tiger Balm working the best -RRB- but this did NOTHING . I ended up throwing it away after a week .
 I was puzzled when IDS was dropped by bodybuilding.com and I bought it from another vendor.New packaging and totally new formula.If you can call shit a formula.Cholesterol jumped from 8 to 40 mg ?! Fat 1g . to 3.5 g.Carb 5g . to 7g . And calories jumped to 150 a scoop.AND IT TASTES LIKE ASS !!! Sicky sweet and no chocolate or vanilla flavour.Really IDS ? Really ?! No freakin love .
 this is NOT the same product/ingredients as purchased several times in the past in the 5 lb container . VERY DISAPPOINTED . ~ now `` stuck '' with 10 lbs of it ! gritty taste ... does n't mix properly ... can not mix with plain yogurt ... . DO N'T be fooled !!
 no me llego la compra p&eacute;simo servicio se tardo mas de un mes y le ped&iacute; que me devuelva el dinero
 This is not a real product from Herbalife , that 's why its cheap . It 's fake and wo n't buy it again . I recommend to purchase Herbalife products only from reliable distributors not online . Most products that are sold online already expired .
 This product is a sham ! I have been using Niteworks that i bought from Herbalife and what i bought here is not the same product . Taste , texture , smell are different . I will be reporting this to Herbalife . What i received looked just like the real thing . Upon opening it , i tasted it and immediately spit it out . It taste like a mixture of the artificial sweetner ` Equal '' with a protein powder . Folks , dont buy this product online . By the way , i also bought their HERBAL TEA from Herbalife , i also returned it . BUYER BEWARE
 Have it directly from Herbalife
 The life of these cushions is very short . I 've ordered at least a dozen from different sellers . They are comfortable at first but the filling compacts each day of use , defeating its purpose . By the time a week has elapsed , the cushion is hard and very uncomfortable .
 I hated this product ... it was terrible tasting and left me gassy all day long . Only took it for a couple days but that was enough !!!
 I will start off by saying I was really excited at the thought of an at-home whitening light system . Too bad it is just too good to be true . While the price is very reasonable I saw no results with this product . Save your money !
 This does not work . I bought it about a year and a half ago . It just did n't whiten my teeth AT ALL . Do n't waste your money.Plus , a year and a half ago when I wrote this same review , the company begged me to remove it , in exchange for a refund . I agreed , but no refund was ever given . So it 's a useless product AND deceptive customer service .
 I bought this item used it as directed and no change . Then used it for twice the directed time and still no change .
 Please do yourself a favor and dont buy this , it really doesnt work and what ever it does do it doesnt last long enough to talk about it please just save your money .
 Misshapen , yellow stained , and very poor fit . I guess you could say consistent w / the price-too cheap !
 This lip balm in Apple -LRB- not in stock as of review-writing -RRB- is how I discovered I am allergic to food coloring & food dyes ! I had literally never had a reaction to artificially colored skin or food products before , but this made my lips burn and split open bleeding each time I used it.Positives
 I sell this stuff so I thought I 'd try it out . I chose violet b/c it 's one of my favorite scents and is hard to find . The distributor says violet , peach and red currant are the best seller 's but I can only speak for violet . Supposedly `` Oprah '' raves about it so it 's gotten good press.It 's a big , attractive tin of lip gloss for 5-6 dollars retail . It 's clear on , but has a nice purple tint in the tin . It smells great , and is truly violet scented . Often `` violet '' scented stuff smells kind of lilac or lavender-ish -- too sweet . The tin works well -- lid is secure and does n't get stuck on.However , the gloss itself is not so great on your lips . Sure it feels smooth and gives a light sheen , but it tastes perfumy . I 'm getting used to it the more I use it but the first time I really thought maybe it was perfume balm and not intended to be on your lips . I 'd like to hear what peach and red currant users think . It does not taste like you should ingest any of it , ever , at all . Then you read the ingredients and it 's full of petroleum-based chemicals including petrolatum and paraffin wax , not to mention a bunch of things with `` benzo '' which is never good . No natural waxes or oils here . The ingredients are scary . Look them up ! Many have been linked to cancer and other ill health effects.It does have SPF 4 . I wish they would switch their formula to beeswax or some vegetable base so I 'm not putting petroleum -LRB- fossil fuels ! -RRB- on my mouth .
 When I saw the name cottonelle , I expected soft TP . This is not soft at all . The prints on the TP are maybe cute for kids to look at , but the quality ends there .
 They canceled this without telling me why . Then a day later , they said it was being discontinued . I wish I would have known so I could stock up.Poor customer relations .
 Unfortunately , repeated orders have arrived with soap all over the boxes ! Better off in the grocery store .
 What kind of ship is this ? I actually sent a picure of the condition my package came in for proof to others of how bad the shipping is ... YES , I KNOW it 's not an actual review of the product -LRB- for you knumbskull 's that do n't recognize that Amazon does n't have a review process defining the different specific processes -RRB- . That 's actually why only 1 star , given that people usually check between the 5 , then 1 stars to gauge the viability of the reviews -LRB- and I guess I think a product 's usefullness is pretty well nil if it 's damaged -RRB- . Anyway 's , I certainly will be contacting the seller and amazon about the stupidity of not using seperator 's -LRB- such as cardboard ... duh -RRB- between INTERNAL items.Though I must say , their ship do n't stink , in fact it smells like fresh rain ... on cardboard anyhow.UPDATE
 I bought the product a 2 years ago , when the back tires were still the typethat have air and you have to pump up . Had some problems pumping them up dueto the proximity of spokes to the nozzle . Other people must have had same problem so now tires are solid , which is great except they cost an arm and a leg to replace - about the same price as whole chair.Invacare cust service was extremely UN-HELPFUL and would give me no break on the new tires , even though it was bad design in the first place . Will NEVER buy an Invacare product again .
 This is made of such low-quality foam that it flattens to almost nothing when you sit on it , so it gives virtually no cushioning .
 Well it is a foam rubber -LRB- egg-crate style -RRB- foam ring , but as for actual use it provides no support at all !! Do not waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Calling this a cushion is an oxymoron . It does not provide any cushioning whatsoever . I 'm only 140 lbs and this thing goes flat when sat on . Recently had surgery and was trying to get some cushion for my tosh .
 THIS IS JUNK ! IT DOES N'T REALLY SUPPRESS YOUR APPETITE ! you 'll be better off drinking a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar before meals as an appetite suppressant .
 First of all , I did n't recieve my entire order in one shipment . It was spaced out over a couple of weeks . It took a little over a week to get the initial shipment . When I did recieve my shipment , I opened the box to find the 4-packs were loosly packed in shipping peanuts . Because of this , one of the 4-packs I ordered was damaged in route . I love the product and use it daily but Vitaminshoppe needs to work on its shipping methods to get my business , again .
 Do not believe in positive reviews if the reviewers reviewed only one item . I am a long time Amazon shopper and I tell you honest opinion . I have a brand new bottle of Wisteria in my trash can right now . It smells really bad . I will stick to Essenza . I had other products from Scentual Expressions as gift -LRB- but I do n't know exact product names -RRB- . They all smell cheap -LRB- bad -RRB- . Whatever you buy , smell them first .
 This rating is purely for shipping only . None of the bottles were shrink wrapped shut and when I opened the box , the detergent had leaked everywhere . It was such a mess . The cap on every single bottle was loose . If I had waited to open the box , who knows how much detergent I would have lost !
 While I love this product , I would not try to have it shipped until the shipping packaging is improved . They tried to send it to me 3-4 times and each time there would be some type of leak and package damage causing the package not to be delivered .
 There were nine bottles in the box . At least one bottle leaked during shipping because the lids were loose . There was a mess inside the box . I will not order this again from Amazon .
 I ordered these because on the site , they appeared to be the `` old '' Kotex pads with the Velcro wings . Unfortunately , when I received them I found them to be the `` new and improved '' Kotex pads with wings with sticky-side-tabs - just like every other brand out there . I HATE the new wings - there 's nothing new about them - they are the same old , ineffective sticky-tabs that do n't stay put . While I do n't fault Amazon for sending me what they had in stock , I 'm disappointed that they advertised this product as the Kotex with Velcro Wings ! Either they did n't get the memo from Kotex that they have changed their product or they just failed to update their site accordingly . Boo to Kotex for changing their previously innovative and unique product that WORKED to one that is useless . I wo n't be buying Kotex any more .
 This cushion was great until I washed it . It shrunk a little which affected the look and lines of the cushion . Plus , it was a pain to get the cover back on . Very comfortable to sit on , hard to maintain .
 I ordered this cushion for my Grandmother and when it was shipped to me , I received an inflatable butt donut . I understand this could have possibly been a shipping mistake , but for the money I spent , I could have bought 10 of those cheap inflatable cushions at the medical supply store . Until my money or cushion is refunded or replaced I would never recommend this to anyone !
 When this product finally went from `` out of stock '' to being available , I was very excited but I re-read the reviews ... somebody pointed out it has Maltitol in it ... and just look in the list of ingredients , yes it does . Now I 'm not buying this junk . Maltitol is an artificial sweetener , a sugar-based alcohol compound . * WHY * on earth would the makers of a stevia-sweetened line of products use other sweeteners , especially the artificial sweeteners that we 're all avoiding by switching to Stevia-based products ? It makes no sense . This product needs to go into the trash , and somebody else needs to make an only-stevia-sweetened product line ; this SteviaDent is not it . Very disappointed with greedy capitalists that cash in on the Stevia craze with a misleading name instead of offering the product that we want .
 I am in search of a stevia sweetened gum to avoid sugar and artificial sweetners , so why are they putting maltitol in this ?????? Sort of defeats the whole purpose .
 Do n't know how I missed the $ 5 shipping charge for this $ 2.45 pack of stevia sweetened chewing gum . Must have been tired and got sloppy.The gum tastes okay but is one-third smaller than American gum products . Oh well , nothing ventured , nothing gained . That $ 5 shipping charge still hurts .
 This little package of gum ended up costing a lot of money . It was ok tasting , I would not order a product like this on line again .
 The gum is hard and the flavor does not las but a few minutes . It is a shame this is the only gum with stevia . Very expensive .
 Taste is horrible and it does n't last very long either . It is strong at first but only lasts for less than half a minute . Almost not worth the buy .
 I did not buy from this dealer -LRB- auction direct -RRB- - this review is for this specific product regardless of who sells it : Supposed to be 20mg of pepcid ac - the same as 2 regular strength -LRB- 10mg -RRB- . But it 's NOT . I tried this last year . and again this year when my pharmacy was out of the Regular pepcid ac 10mg ... Got sick on pepcid maximum strength , but better again when I returned to my regular -LRB- 2 tabs of 10mg pepcid ac regular strength -RRB- . This happened BOTH times and while the same conditions existed - same diet , medicine , etc. . . Got sick with upset acidic stomach -LRB- one time an ulcer from it not doing what it is supposed to -RRB- on `` maximum strength pepcid ac '' and then each time , I got relief and better when I obtained `` regular strength pepcid ac '' ... Both tries the dosage as marked on box was the same -LRB- either 1 20mg maximum strength , or 2 tabs 10mg regular strength -RRB- . SOMETHING in the manufacturing is different , though they are supposed to be the same , regardless of what the label says . So , if you want to prevent ulcers I strongly recommend sticking to Pepcid AC REGULAR strength -LRB- 10mg -RRB- tabs . Thank goodness for amazon so we who must unfortunately take acid reducers longterm can keep on the medication that saves our stomachs from ulcers . STICK TO Pepcid AC REGULAR strength 2 -LRB- 10mg -RRB- tablets - AVOID this supposed 20mg tablet - NOT the same so it WO N'T save you money .
 When I bought this product I figured that it would smell like a christmasy scent , but it did n't . It sort of reminds me of a public restroom scent . And very strong !
 It seems OK at first , but starts to smell like vomit after lingering in the air a few seconds .
 ALL ALLERGY SUFFERS BE AWARE ! Kotex has added Aloe to their pads . I have always carefully read product labels for Aloe , but did not expect this from Kotex , and brand I had used for many years . I purchased a new package and had no warning until I went to use them . I am disgusted with Kimberly Clark .
 Was always a very loyal customer to Kotex for years . Who on Earth decided that adding aloe to sanitary pads was a good idea is beyond me . I do n't think their development team realized how many women suffer from an aloe allergy . These new pads are TERRIBLE . They cause burning , rashes , and are super uncomfortable . Why could n't they keep their old line as well ? Kotex just lost another customer to a different brand . If only they would ask the paying customers what they want ...
 It says free of fragrances but they use aloe and since aloe has no scent , the fake scent in them is obviously not natural ! There should n't be scents in products like this . Now I 'm stuck with a case of junk I 'm allergic to .
 I 've been buying this brand for years and did n't notice they had added `` aloe '' . Aloe is supposed to soothe burns , not create them . Within a few minutes of using this product I was overwhelmed by an intense cold , burning sensation like that of a BenGay product . I had no idea what was wrong at first , and ran back to the bathroom scared of what I might find.Now that the pad was damp I could smell a distinct mint smell . I know of no `` aloe '' that smells and feels like menthol.After washing myself and finding another brand of pad , the sensation wore off after about 30 minutes.Not happy !
 This product now contains aloe and vitamin E and can cause EXTREME irritation to people who are sensitive to those ingredients . I ca n't imagine what Kotex was thinking when it decided to take it 's allergy friendly unscented pads off the market and replace them with aloe containing pads . Kotex was the last allergy friendly pad manufactured by a major company left on the market . Not anymore . I 'm so disappointed in Kimberly-Clark .
 I have used the Kotex lightdays liners for over 20 years . They stayed in place , breathed well , did n't lose their shape , had a soft deoderant choice if you wanted it and basicly did everything I wanted in a liner . I had tried other brands like ALWAYS and they did n't breathe and hence made me feel like I was wearing plastic.I saw the natural balance and through they were just expanding and streamlining their line of products . I bought the liners that I usually did in the new box . These were not the same . They bunched up and became a long strip of crumpled material . NOT GOOD . Mind you , I wear liners daily as I like the fresh feel so this was an immediate issue . I tried all the levels of protection hoping to find the old lightday type in there somewhere . After purchasing every length and level of protection , I can assure you they are n't there . I 'm so sad.I did call Kotex and they were nice but I do n't think they will be changing back anytime soon . If others out there dislike this new product , please call them ! I have tried everything and I am stuck .
 These are definitely not the same as they used to be . I was finally done with my 6 pack of Lightdays long and bought the 6-pack of this thinking they were the same , just different packaging . I loved the older version - cotton -LRB- not any horrible plastics like other brands -RRB- , longer than standard liners ... But unfortunately these newer liners are a disappointment . First , the size is NOT longer than the old long size -LRB- though Kotex 's description would lead you to believe so -RRB- . Same length , and a bit wider thus making them too big . Second , the edges are not comfortable at all . The edges are not soft or smooth like they used to be . After wearing them for an hour or so they irritate me . So not only do I have to trim them to FIT so they do n't dig into me -LRB- sharper edges making it even worse -RRB- I also have to so all of the edges do n't irritate me . When I 'm done with this 6-pack I will not be purchasing again . Will need to try again to find an alternative .
 I miss the old Kotex Lightdays Pantiliners . I loved them . They had complete coverage , but you could n't even feel that you were wearing them.They were wide enough , soft , breathable and not too thick . But these Kotex Natural Balance Lightdays Liners are too wide , too thick and not as soft and breathable.They feel stiff to me and not breathable . I tried them , and I did not buy them again . I stopped buyingKotex pantiliners altogether and switched to Always . I now buy Always Thong Pantiliners but have to trim them -LRB- too long -RRB- to use as regular pantiliners . They are n't breathable at all . I hate them too . I hate when the perfect product is replaced with something horrible . That is how I feel about Kotex discontinuing their old Kotex Lightdays Pantiliners and replacing them with their Kotex Natural Balance Lightdays Liners .
 Too tall for a short person and not comfortable . Foam cushion that they gave us at the hospital was more comfortable than this . I believe it would make a good archery target though !
 When this item arrived , the wrapping showed it was really for a wheelchair though on Amazon it was not specific . And it turned out that it 's dangerous to sit on when placed on a regular chair because you have to stop yourself from falling off the seat lift .
 I needed a seat cushion addition to my desk chair at work . My chair does n't seat me high enough to keep my elbows/shoulders from hunching on the armrests , which result in shoulder/neck pain . I thought from the product description that this would be perfect to add a few inches of height . When I sit on this cushion , it compresses on one edge . I stand up , rotate the cushion and try it again . Again it compresses . It is not firm enough to hold its shape . I do not recommend it and wish I had n't bought it .
 The description stated that this seat has a ridged board for use in wheelchairs . The description does not make it clear that it is sized for a wheelchair and does not fit well in a regular chair . We wanted it for folding chair and it was just too large . Quality seemed good , so I do recommend for wheelchair use
 I did a lot of of research regarding circulation.This product offers a combination of herbs that should naturally promote circulation ; this product offered no improvement for my circulation or veins.My advice as shown in another review
 I bought this cushion to help me get through long meetings and events . -LRB- I have both arthritis and sciatica . -RRB- It is much too thick and unyielding to be at all comfortable . In short , it is miserable . I gave it away . What a waste of money !
 Sorry , but these heel pads slip around in my shoes and will not stay put in the heel area of my shoes . I am using Spenco orthotics PLUS another full sized Spenco insole to give attitional padding in my heel area which works well . The heel pads seemed like a good idea , but without using some glue -LRB- which I have not tried -RRB- they do not work .
 These are useless if you suffer any kind of heel pain . Save your money and invest in stretching exercises or proper full-length inserts or custom orthotics .
 This is the worst thermometer I have ever bought . By the time it finishes , my baby is upset because I 've had to hold him down forever ! I 'm throwing it away and will go find something else .
 I took this out to use , and first of all could barely figure out how to change the settings ... but the battery showed it was low when i turned it on the first time . I could n't find a replacement anywhere ... so I gave up . Shame , because it looked promising .
 This is one time I should have listened to the reviews . This is junk and it 's cheap . I prefer the rectal thermometer for my baby instead . The temperature always varies and is not accurate at all . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 We recently used this a bunch for my 13-month-old . We got big ranges of results both under arm - and even rectally . Sometimes , the thermometer would just turn off unexpectedly . I 'm not satisfied to take 3-4 different rectal readings just to try to get an ` average ' temperature , so this is going in the trash and I 'm investing in something more reliable .
 This thermometer can take longer than the 8 seconds and the temperature reading reads very very high , 100.5 was a norm . It did not read accurately at all , and I would not recommend this product .
 Product came with a dead battery . Not able to be used until I spend more money for a battery to see if it even works . At such a price you would think they would of sent a working unit .
 I got this as a shower gift and it is so inaccurate that I am better off just trying to guess . My daugter had a low grade fever when we went to the doctor but the thermometer read 97 . Do n't waste your money or time .
 Do n't waste your money , very inaccurate . Spend a couple more $ $ and get the Braun Ear Thermoscan ... works great in 1 second.This is going in the garbage can , worthless .
 This thermometer showed a temperature worthy of an ER visit for our 3 week old -LRB- rectally -RRB- . Once there , we tested ours against the hospital and it was a degree higher . The inaccuracy of this thermometer caused a late night emergency room visit that was actually unnecessary . I would not recommend it to other parents .
 I liked the idea of how fast the thermometer read , and how it folds into itself for storage . However , when my son was 9 months old , he had croup . We took his temperature rectally before we left for the doctors and it read only 99.9 degrees . At the doctors , only 15 minutes later , the doctor 's thermometer read 103.5 degrees . There was a big difference . When we went home , I took his temp again -LRB- under the arm -RRB- with this thermometer and another . This one was still reading about 3 degrees lower . I threw it out after this .
 We ended up chucking this last week and i wanted to be sure to warn others . It was all over the map thermomoter wise . It would say 100 when we thought she was slightly hot , so we 'd get out hte ` freebie ' from the hospital and it ' would then say 98.4 . Oh , since we were nervous we 'd then get out another one and do the same thing and it would then say right around hte 98.4 . Unfortuantely , this was not the first time it had done this to us . Save your money ! We invested in the ear thermometer scan hospital grade from braun . holy goodness . piece of mind . it 's worth the 50 !! you figure you 'll need one thermometer per kid with this type , the ear one is for hte whole family . Yeah , I 'm sorry I spent the 12 originally and tried to cheap out because this caused way to much worry .
 I tried using this thermometer under the arm of my 3 month old son , then orally on myself and him , and finally rectally on my son , and it was not at all accurate with any of these methods . I called the number on the back of the package , and the company sent me a new one which I promptly took back to the store with my original receipt . I then bought the Braun Thermoscan ear thermometer which I like for myself but find unreliable for my young son . It does n't hurt to try and save time , but for my household , I 've found that a simple , B-D digital thermometer with disposable covers used rectally is the most accurate method -LRB- and therefore easiest in my opinion -RRB- for infants . Maybe they 've had some bad batches of thermometers in this production line -LRB- noticed some good reviews amongst the bad -RRB- , because I generally like products manufactured by Safety 1st .
 I bought it when my daughter was very ill . It did n't work and I could not return it . I am not a big fan of safety first products !
 Gravely inaccurate , regardless of the mode of use . No way to re-calibrate it . Not worth the hassle of returning it . You get what you pay for , really .
 Do not buy this thermometer . Our son was sick with fever and vomiting , and we literally took his temperature 10 times in a row . Each time , we got a different reading . Even our pediatrician rolled his eyes at this brand when we asked him about it . What a waste of money . Moreover , I ca n't describe the stress of NOT KNOWING how high my child 's fever is !
 It died on the third use . It is not designed to easily change the battery and even then you 'll be lucky if it does n't give an error read . Seriously do not waste your money . We bought the vicks thermometer at the grocery store that has been perfect and cost less .
 According to my new 10 second digital thermometer , I have died recently and am rapidly cooling off . I have found that it is inaccurate by several degrees and is inconsistent . I was attracted by the quick reading time and other good reviews . Unfortunately , I wo n't bother using this thermometer on my son since I ca n't trust the temperature it tells me .
 I was n't impressed with this thermometer . It looked handy , considering how it folds up in itself to make it more compact , but it turned out to be a dud . For one thing , it took longer than ten seconds to get a rectal reading . Plus , it stopped working correctly after just a few uses . I 'm not sure why this happened , because we always used and cleaned it exactly according to the instructions . Perhaps it was just a design flaw , or perhaps I got a `` lemon . '' At any rate , I found a much better 10-second rectal thermometer that actually works like it should , and I 'm very pleased with it
 this thermometer beeps when it is done taking the temperature and works fine under the arm or orally . but , for some reason , when done rectally , it has never beeped to let me know the temp taking is complete - it just shuts itself off after 10-15 seconds . very frustrating as i 'm trying to get newborn 's temp to know if i need to take her in or not and i 'm never assured that i 'm getting an accurate reading . for oral or underarm it is fine .
 The 10 seconds that it runs for does n't give accurate results . I have had to run it several times to get the correct reading back .
 I agree with the other reviews . This thermometer is worthless ! The readings are inaccurate and you really are better off just taking a wild guess . Do not spend your money on this thermometer !
 My wife and I have only tried to use this thermometer under the arm , but it is not accurate . It usually gives readings that are ridiculously low -LRB- 93-94 F -RRB- unless I preheat it by holding it for 20 seconds . It only displays in F , and my wife would prefer Celsius .
 I have to agree with some of the other reviews . My kids -LRB- 3 and 6 -RRB- , kept putting up a fight when I tried these . Finally , I did my own taste test . Now I understand . Horrible aftertaste ! Not sure why . Almost like they have gone bad .
 I bought two four-packs , and not one of the batteries lasted a year . About half of them went dead in less than 3 charge attempts . The others died soon after . Very disappointed with these . I 'm trying eneloop next , they claim to take 1500 recharges .
 I bought these batteries for my Sony voice recorder which I use 3-5 days in the week for 4 hour lectures . I used to go through regular batteries weekly and I finally decided that it 'd be better to just get rechargeable batteries so I would n't have to buy new ones and throw them out a week later.After fully charging these batteries for 2 hours -LRB- I have the energizer compact charger for AA and AAA -RRB- , I took them to my 4 hour lecture and by the end of it , the battery charge was low . I thought I still had more time , so I brought them to my next lecture . Bad idea ! The batteries died 30 minutes later and I missed out on 20 minutes of my lecture because I did n't realize that my recorder had turned off.Each subsequent use of these batteries just got worse and worse . I was charging these batteries everyday and hoping that they would n't die before the lecture was over.These batteries do n't last long at all . I 'd say they only last for a few hours . I tried using these batteries for 2 weeks , then I finally went and bought the Duracell rechargeable pre-charged batteries as others had suggested . I 've been using the Duracell ones for a week of 4 hours lectures , and I still have n't had to recharge them .
 I got these for my wife who listens to AM radio on her portable Sony radio while commuting on the bus and train , 5 days a week . She would run through a ton of regular alkaline AAA batteries so rechargeables made sense.She has a pair of the Energizer 's and a pair of Duracell 's that are of the same capacity and she says that the Energizer 's are terrible and hardly hold a charge . We use a MAHA MH-C401FS charger which charges each battery independently so they do n't get overcharged . What else can you say about rechargeables ? Either they last long or they do n't . These Energizer 's DO NOT . We recently got a pair of Sony AAA 's and they seem to be even better than the Duracell 's .
 Bought these with the charger combo pack and was excited to have an alternative to the disposable batteries we go through in our house and quickly discovered that these batteries just do not keep a charge or last . I spent a lot of energy researching rechargeable batteries and chargers and decided to give the rechargeables one last shot by replacing the charger with a much more expensive one that came highly recommended on Amazon , I replaced the old batteries with brand new ones to be fair , well ... I give up . I can charge these overnight and they 'll show as full . I 'll store them in our battery container and watch in horror as the kids go through them complaining that they are n't working . I 've tried everything I know to give these a chance but they 've turned out to be sadly inadequate for our household .
 Of all the rechargeable batteries I have used , and I have used many brands , these are the worst . They are readily available , but they are not worth the money . They will not hold a charge . They will let you down every time . If you buy these , also buy another brand to compare results . Run them in simultaneous applications . Then throw these away .
 These rechargeable batteries stopped taking a charge after 3 months . I bought them for my noise canceling headphones and they barely last 4 hours before they run out . Now they are not even taking a charge at all.Don ' t buy these or the charger that goes with them . They simply do n't last . Buy real batteries instead .
 I do n't know if it is the charger or the batteries but i have n't had the best of luck with these . I use them in my flashlight at work and i do n't more than a week of use . \
 Sorry , but if you 're going to market a product as `` rechargeable batteries '' then they should not only be rechargeable but they should also work as BATTERIES.The charge in these batteries drains in about 72 hours , whether you 're using them or not . Period.Call me crazy , but if I 'm going to put batteries into something , they should work for a while.And you know how I know ? Because the very next week I went out and bought Duracell rechargeable AAA batteries and they last about FIVE TIMES as long -LRB- about two weeks - versus a paltry three DAYS with the Energizer brand -RRB- . I will never buy Energizer rechargeable batteries again . Go Duracell .
 We have bought over 50 of these batteries and none of them have continued working properly after 15 recharges . Waste of money . I do not have any recommendatios for a better rechargeable battery however . Suggestions welcome .
 I use mine in an LED booklight for my Kindle -LRB- AAA -RRB- and in the Wii Mote for the kids -LRB- AA -RRB- . I 've only used the AAA about 5 times and each time they hold the charge less and less . Last night I put 3 freshly charged AAA in myBelkin Clip-On Reading Light for Kindle -LRB- White -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- and it did n't even go THREE HOURS until it dimmed to where I could n't see . Unbelievable.I can get cheap AAA batteries at the dollar store - and they at least LAST . I 've had better luck with the Energizer rechargable AA batteries lasting a bit longer and holding a charge a bit more but these AAA ones are just the ultimate in craptastic.Save your money . Chose a different brand !
 i thought these were good because there were 4 batteries and they were cheap . I get the package and open them up . First off , the packaging looked like its been opened before -LRB- it was all ripped -RRB- and it was crudely bent . I told myself it was just packaging and opened up the box . I grab 2 batteries and place them into my Energizer DUO charger . When i place them in , the green LED on the charger begins to blink , rapidly . This was strange to me because my old batteries never got a blink like this . I then go to look at the manual to see what all the flashing meant . I was surprised to see that it meant one of two things . It meant that either i have non-rechargeable batteries in the charger or the batteries are bad and are defective . I tested every single battery out and i got the same thing . The flashing light . I DO NOT recommend this to anyone unless they are looking for dead rechargeables.Thanks for the waste of $ 10
 Considering these are `` name brand '' batteries , I would have thought they would tend to perform better . I use MAHA smart chargers and these batteries still tend to ` die ' -LRB- fail to hold a charge -RRB- relatively frequently .
 These batteries do not hold a charge much over a 1/2 hour if your lucky , I ca n't even get them to hold a charge now at all . Save your money avoid Energizer Rechargeable Batteries they do n't have a good hold life at all and their life expectancy is extremely short !!!!!
 Same price as in any local store . Also , they are only 750mh batteries . The higher the amp rating , the more power the batteries can deliver -LRB- last longer -RRB- . While people are still selling 700mh batteries , 750mh is about the lowest you will find . Better batteries can be found online -LRB- 850-1000mh -RRB- for less .
 Ok they would be good if they would CHARGEEEE !!!!!! If you are gon na buy these batteries make sure you contact the seller and ask if the batteries arent old or something because it bought mine , tried them on different chargers and nothing.I got angry and threw them away.But other wise if they do work for you the good ! Thanks for reading and shop with confidence : -RRB-
 The first reviewer is refferring to the mah . I do n't know exactly what it stands for , but these batteries have 750 . The best have 2500 . That 's over 3 times the lifetime before needing recharged . Save money with Rechargables by all means , but get good ones if they 're the same price.And get a 15 minute charger : -RRB-
 December 27 2012 at 4-12-18 PMStay away from this brand , i bought their charger about 5 month ago , still working fine , but their batteries are -- HORRIBLE -- after about at the most 10 times of recharging start to break down , and the charger started to blink '' a sign that one of the batteries being charged is defective '' , 2 of them in about 3 month now . I did warn you stay away from their batteries , and when I called the customer service instead of telling me we they will send me another one , she said send to us and they will run diagnostics on it , to decide , I came to Amazon and started buying Sanyo instead ,
 found out hard way on trip overseas cant rely on them all empty after i charged befor ei left they fail half the time , i have over 300.00 dollars of them now use new style last 3 years 80 % . . Sanyo NEW 1500 eneloop 8 Pack AAA Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries
 I 've purchsed dozens of these and AA batteries for flashlights , and Wii what I will tell you is that the AAA rarely work in a 15 minute charger . After just a few charges , the charger will flash upon insertion of the battery.I 've had them replaced in the past 3 times , in the form of Energizer coupons , but their policy has now changed and they simply state that if the batteries do not charge any more , `` they have been charged their maximum number of times , and need to be replaced . `` When I argued/challenged the rep that 2 of the AAA batteries came with the 15 charger , as well as 2 AA , and that I always mark and date them upon purchase , and asked why the AA still charge but the AAA wo n't and got an unsatisfactory `` pat '' repeat answer of the above.I have a 4 hour charger and they do charge in it , however I 've had to purchase several extra sets since the charging time of 4 hours means having to have several charging at a time.Additionally NiMH lose their charge while sitting so it is tricky to have just enough and have them fully charged when you need them , and they also are really therefore not good for flashlights . If they would work in the 15 minutes charger they 'd be great.Basically my wife always buys non-rechargeblesAlso for flashlights , you can put them in the flashlight and think they are ok , but they 'll work for a few minutes and then quickly die.I 've even tested them with a meter , and they may show 50 % Non-rechargeables will slowly go dimmer so you know you are getting towards the end.I 'm not happy with how the company has given up on replacing these so I can not recommend them .
 I got my AAA Energizers from these guys , it came faster than expected delivery arrival which is a plus , but when I read this product , it said it was brand new . So , Im pretty sure brand new means it has n't been opened , well when I got mine , it 's been opened . So did you just give me old batteries , and sell it as new ones ? I 'll never know i guess until after a couple months if they die right away , i know why . You mine as well go to the store and buy these because they are just about the same price at my local Walmart , except you do n't wait a week to get them and you know they are brand new and have n't been opened . Thanks I guess for the possibly ` used ' batteries . Who knows ?! Next time do n't open it and i 'll give ya a positive review .
 I have n't looked into the details but we use a LaCrosse BC-900 charger . After only a couple uses , one cell died . After a year , a second cell failed to work . I 've bought no-name rechargeables that have lasted longer . If these are only intended to be used with an Energizer recharger , they should be clearer about it .
 These batteries suck , after one year of use , they fail at an astonishing rate , do not hold a charge after being charged and then stored for later use , and do not last in electronic devices , even when they are fully charged before use . They are ridiculously overpriced for the number of uses I get out of them.Do the right thing , buy Eneloop instead .
 This item has the right idea , but falls short . In my opinion , it needs to be 11/2 inches longer and bigger in diameter . The little stimulator is good though . After a month of occasional use , the top stimulator stopped working . It was a let down , so I continue my search for the perfect vibe . After reviewing the other articles , this happens fairly frequently . Bummer .
 I purchased this product based on all of the positive reviews I had seen on it . It arrived in the mail and does NOT work at all . Then you can not return it because of the no return policy so I am stuck with a product that I can not even use . Recommend against buying !
 I was quite disappointed when this item arrived . It 's a lot smaller and thinner than any other vibrator I 've ever had . I suggest Amazon and it 's outside vendors state the dimensions when it comes to the vibrators .
 This is the second one of these I 've purchased . The first one was AMAZING . It was so good that even though it stopped working after a handful of uses , I bought another one . The second one does not work at all . I tried 2 different brands of batteries -LRB- yes , I used all 3 , I know theres a battery compartment on the back -RRB- , and it does n't work . Unfortunately I did n't get to use it until about 2 months after I bought it , so it 's not under the 30 day warranty the company offers . So buy it if you dare , because if it works , you 're in for a treat . But try it as soon as you get it because if it does n't work there 's the warranty .
 piece of crap . didnt work . dont buy . save your money . dont know why its so highly rated if they break so easily . cant return it . i ; m pissed
 My first toy ... and it arrives broken . Not a spark of life . Be advised the battery compartment is very flimsy and tempermental . DocJohnson has made the return process nearly as expensive as the product itself , so I feel pretty stupid and ripped off . What a letdown ! STAY AWAY FROM DOC JOHNSON PRODUCTS !!!!!!!!!
 This item was delivered to my door , I put the right batteries in , and it just didnt turn on . and you cant return it . needless to say , im upset ...
 I would have loved this product , but I had to throw it away due to the overpowering chemical smell . It was advertised as PVC free , but I ca n't believe it .
 Out of the box , I inserted brand new batteries -LRB- the correct way ! -RRB- , pushed the buttons , and it buzzed for about 5 seconds , after which it was completely dead . I tried other batteries , combinations , etc. for several minutes , but nothing happened . The product is defective . Do not buy it !!
 I bought this for the wife . It came packaged really well . The wife used it once and it 's already broken . At first we thought the battery just ran out . We replaced the batteries with new ones from different brands multiple times all with the same results . The product will not turn on . The product just shows the two middle lights on . Maybe i just received a defected product , but I am truly disappointed with this product !
 I got it in mail a few days ago but I ca n't turn it on even after putting the batteries in -LRB- yes , the correct way -RRB- . I tried knocking it around gently too but it does n't work . . I also e-mailed Doc Johnson but no reply . . Does anyone have suggestions or a phone number i can call ? Any help would be deeply appreciated !
 HOW DO YOU TURN THIS ON ONCE PLACING NEW TRIPLE AAA BATTERIES INSIDE ?????? I GOT THIS IN THE MAIL AND CAN NOT FIGURE OUT HOW TO TURN THIS VIBRATOR ON ,
 I have had this item for less than a month now and it is broken . I do n't know how , but it has just stopped working , I am very disappointed . I did not even use it in water or anything . I will not buy another of these as I have had another doc Johnson vibrator that quit on me after a week or so also . These products are cheaply made , that 's why they are cheap in price . Buyer beware .
 Well , this is the second doc johnson product I 've ordered . I renjoyed the first one , so I figured this one would be great however when it came it DID N'T WORK at all . Right out of the box I put in the batteries and nothing happened ... it was pretty easy to tell which batteries went where ... I thought maybe the batteries were bad so I got new ones and tried those . . still nothing . I shook the product gently ... tried holding it at different angles , pressing the buttons lightly . . holding the buttons . . turning the dial/cap . . and it was as dead as it could be . So . . I 'm sunk . I ca n't return the product and did n't even get to use it a single time because it was dead from the start . VERY DISAPPOINTING .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas in 2009 . She loved it . Unfortunately she only got to use it 3 to 5 times and it stopped working . The rotating part still works but the vibrating nubs no longer vibrate . Kind of takes the fun out of it . Very Disappointing .
 so I bought this truly hoping that mine would n't be arrive broken like so many other reviewers had experienced.I got it , put in the correct batteries . Nothing happened . Swapped out those new batteries , put in other ones ... no dice . Never turned on . Pretty disappointed .
 i read the reviews that said it didnt work and to not buy it but i didnt listen and with my luck i should of yes i got it and it looked fine but then i put brandnew batteries in and ... NOTHING i tried multiple sets of batteries and none worked i am very unhappy and was really hoping it would of worked so dont waste your time and money i would buy a different product brand
 I purchased the toy for my girlfriend after she told me she wanted one ... when it finally arrived we were so excited to see this baby in action ... It was all good for like 3mins , then the vibration stopped working and it 's not all that fun without it . Then to make things worse to get it replaced by the company will cost you atleast half of what you paid for it . . I read the the reviews , ignored the WARNINGS . . DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE !!!!!
 I am not a novice to using the rabbit vibrators . But this thing is trash . Very little vibration . I used this for less than a month and it no longer works . A waste of money in my book . I normally like Doc Johnson products but this one needs to be retired . Do n't waste your time or money . I should have checked the battery size - only AAA batteries . If you want a good powerful vibrator make sure it takes at least 3 AA batteries !
 I finally received the vibrator and was amazed by the prettiness of it . Was also amazed that it `` danced '' , haha . I went to go use it and it does n't have enough vroom . My regular vibe that cost less than $ 16 has more vroom that the rabbit does . What a waste of money .
 This was a fine product . The vibrator featured multiple settings and worked very well . One of the nice features of the product was that it was waterproof , which made cleaning it very easy . Battery life was okay -- about one hour of use before the three Triple A batteries needed to be changed.Then it broke after 2 months of very intermittent . The vibrator would simply not turn on . Changing the batteries did not fix the problem.This is certainly NOT a value , in my mind . I would recommend looking for a more dependable vibrator .
 I was super stoked to get this from my fiance for Christmas since I own another Lucid Dreams product ... however when I broke it out of the package and tried it out I was rather disappointed . It was n't quite thick enough for my liking , nor long enough to reach my g-spot . The clit stimulator did n't hit my clit . :--LRB- It is rather powerful and I do like the rotating head , but it did n't hit the spots it should have quite right . It 's not nearly as thick as the picture makes it seem , but I also like them really thick and long . It also is rather loud ! Even on the lowest setting it is louder than other vibrators I have had . I overall gave it a 2 star since it was quite powerful and I do like the rotating head , but it did n't hit the right spots and is much louder than it was claimed to be . Overall I was quite disappointed . : - -LRB-
 Brand new right out of the box -LRB- and wow does it stink -RRB- with brand new batteries right out of the package and nothing.no power , no spark . . no nothing . . Thank you `` sucker '' . . no returns is what they are saying.I will never buy from this company again .
 This was a total waste of money . It worked once and then died . I was so totally disappointed . This was the first item I 've purchased through Amazon that was useless . Amazon , ban Doc Johnson products and stop selling them to satisfied customers !!!!!
 Lacks power and bogs down with very little preasure . Great concept , but poorly designed . waste of money and very poor customer support
 she never used it in the shower or very frequently and it only worked for a little over a month
 While the clitoral vibe is great and pretty strong with fully charged batteries , this toy is all sorts of bad . The rotation feature so amazingly loud , to the point I thought it was broken . Personally the rotation did nothing for me and I wish it was just two separate vibes . The battery power was another problem . It runs down fast -LRB- less than 30min -RRB- even with the rotation off , and it starts to loss power almost immediately . Mine broke completely after about 4 weeks , WASTE OF MONEY .
 i bought this a while ago and still havent got to use it right bought so many types of batteries and it wo n't work , the first time i tried it i took the old batteries out of my remote and it moved slow . . so i figure the batteries were to weak so i went and bought more new batteries it wo n't even cut on . . still on the search to find batteries to get it to work . . the old batteries from my remote i ca n't seem to find them anywhere . . doc johnsons products are normally really good . . it suprised me with this one . . make me wish i would 've just gotten another bullet . . simple is just better sometimes . . no need for the fancy stuff : /
 I was so excited for this toy and I bought it brand new for around $ 30.00 ... it worked ONCE ! No , not because of the batteries -LRB- they were brand new as well -RRB- , but I only got one use out of it and I can tell you the orgasm was n't worth the $ 30.00 ; so disappointed with the quality of this product !!!! I even work at a porn store , but our mark-up is outrageous so I bought it on amazon , either way - total failure !
 product does not work at all . Changed with brand new batteries just to make sure ... and nothing . It is difficult to write at least 20 words when a produce you purchase ... does not work at all .
 I would not recommend this . It seems you are playing the lottery on whether it will work or not . As noted by another reviewer the plastic smell is quite strong .
 dont waste your money on this poor quality vibrator . it just stops working in days . it took me 2 purchases to realize im not the one with problem .
 So I order the vibrator knowing it would take my wife some convincing to use , and when she finally takes it out of the pack it does n't even work . What a let down . You ca n't return it , it does n't work and it 's too rubbery without the vibration . So much for the lucid dream .
 I took this item out of the packaging and was sorely disappointed in how small it was . Upon putting in the batteries -LRB- which did n't come with the vibrator -RRB- , the product did n't turn on . I replaced them only to be truly disappointed with the vibrations . It did n't feel like anything when I attempted to use it and kept shutting off every time it would begin to do its job . I finally gave up on it when it ceased working completely on the first day of use.This product only provided me with disappointment and frustration , for I 'd been so excited to receive it . It 's not only the worst toy I 've ever had , but one of the worst purchases I 've ever made on amazon in terms of quality . What a waste of money .
 I am furious !!!! I was so excited to get this in the mail and when it finally arrive it wo n't even turn off . Yes I put in batteries ... tried several brand new ones in fact . Hard earned money down the drain . Now instead of relaxing with my new toy I have to go work some extra hours just to pay off the damn thing !!
 i got this toy from amazon , and it did not work , i bought dozens of AAA batteries and yet nothing happened . Iam very dissapointed
 The batteries do n't hold energy well ... This thing died a month after I got it.You can still use it after it 's dead - although , you better have extra juice on hand .
 I got this for my girlfriend . Received it very fast -LRB- one day -RRB- only to find out it does not work . Tried 4 sets of batteries none worked . So I decided to return it only to find out the product is not returnable at all . I would never buy this brand again and not reccomend it at all .
 I was originally excited to get this toy -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- , but was severely disappointed . I am fairly gentle with my toys , but this vibrator stopped working after the single initial use . I now have a pricey dead toy sitting in my drawer .
 Let me start by saying that this product definately has the strong smell of a new plastic beach ball . The material is a bit ridid for my liking , yet it seems very easy to keep clean . I do not like the `` ear-less '' feature of the rabbit . The ears of similar models seem to ease and tease deeper , where this product does not . Also , if you have a shallow vagina , this feature is not for you . The product is quiet , but they seemed to have compromised the intensity of the vibrations . I 'm glad it was affordable ... there 's a plus !
 I would not recomend this product . It broke with in a week . When it did work it was n't very powerful and the nub part was not comfortable either . It is defitaly not worth the money .
 Worked great the first few times . I 've only had it a few days over four months and it has quit working ! Would NOT purchase this again !
 Used a lot of batteries . Then the vibrate feature stopped . No fun without the vibration . Will never buy another one .
 The rotating part does n't provide much sensation and after a few months , the silicone tore where the vibrator is attached to the shaft . Up until then , it was decent -- quiet and a good size . I was really upset by the torn silicone , because my previous vibrators had all died on me from mechanical failure . It 's a shame that in this case , the mechanical parts were will working fine , but it 's still unusable .
 I ordered this the other day and received it this morning . Well , it 's going back in the mail first thing in the morning . This product is WAY too large . Deffientaly not for your first toy . Maybe I can find something else ...
 I just received my mate and I 've put the batteries in it and touched all the buttons but it does not come on . There should of been some directions with it .
 THIS IS THE FIRST VIBRATOR I HAVE OWNED AND IT DIDNT DO ANYTHING FOR ME FOR ONE I THINK ITS IS TOOOO SKINNY . AND TWO IT ISNT VERY POWERFUL . MY HUSBAND IS IN IRAQ AND I JUST WANTED SOMETHING TO HELP ME OUT UNTIL HE GETS HOME . MY SEARCH WILL CONTINUE BECAUSE THIS ONE JUST ISNT FOR ME .
 First off , this thing is MUCH bigger than what it appears . It 's about 7 '' long and about 5 '' around at its thickest point . It 's a bit heavy and the vibration is subpar . The only time I 've had any `` fun '' with this toy is with a partner . So if you 're looking for a solo toy , you might want to check out other g-spot vibes .
 I just received this , put in brand new batteries , and it was already malfunctioning . It would simply turn off and turn back on and turn back off again with the slightest movement . Of course , I ca n't contact the seller to complain , because this seller does n't allow that option , so I just sent a very long , upset email to Amazon support . Hopefully they can fix this and give me what I paid for .
 This was a bad purchase peroid . The smell was so strong it reaks would not recommend this product at all .
 In looking at the picture I thought this was much smaller . Once I opened the package and installed the batteries the rubber / plastic smell was overwhelming!I do like the fact that this is multi speed .
 This vibe is terrible . Bought it a few days ago , and put fresh batteries in it , and it died after five minutes . Way too big , and was n't waterproff . Very disappointed . AND there is NO refund of ANY type for this product because of the nature it is used for . I think I 'll just stick to my boyfriend for pleasure . That way I wo n't get ripped off and I 'll be very happy > : o -RRB-
 I am a beginner and this toy just did not get me off ... Although I did like the color it came it .
 I chose this rating because I was mislead by the name of the product . I understood there to be 9 mult-speeds . There are not nine speeds therefore the product was not what I thought I was buying . I am unhappy with the product .
 I have ordered the bars before and really enjoyed them . this recent order came to me - both boxes like they had melted and tasted stale . I called the company and they said they have a disclaimer regarding the possibility of melting but no way could they be stale . Well I got news for them they do not taste fresh but rather like they have been around for sometime - so since they would n't even consider exchanging I will never order from them again . I can deal with the chocolate issue but not the staleness .
 I bought the slippers for my boyfriend and was very disappointed to find they are NOT `` one size fits all '' ... if your man is a shoe size 101/2 or more these slippers will not fit .
 TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS ITEM ... IT TRULY IS N'T WORTH IT . . IT . THE HIGHEST SPEED IS N'T EVEN HIGH AT ALL . . THIS IS A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME & MONEY .
 My wife and I were very dissatisfied with this product . Its highest level of stimulation is rather weak . You get what you pay for , and you do n't pay very much .
 Yes beware that this is a detergent and not a floor to floor cleaner as advertised . This will leave a dull film on your floors . When we tried to return the product they wanted us to pay another shipping to them , plus a restocking fee plus a portion of our purchase price . We have never had such an awful encounter with an Amazon product sold . The picture on Amazon is in the old white bottle which we wanted , so ordered it . this is the stuff that arrived . Do not buy . Plus it is $ 8.00 more for this item than what you can buy at any Home Depot store . As you can see , wee are totally disappointed in the product and the seller .
 THE HOOVER CLEANER GAVE 2 OF MY 3 FAMILY MEMBERS A SOAR THROAT AND ALLERGIC SKIN REACTIONS SIMPLY FROM CONTACT WITH THE VAPORS IN THE AIR . WE TRIED USING AMMONIA AND FOUND THAT TO BE MUCH BETTER .
 Did n't notice decrease in appetite or increase in energy . Pretty much a nothing as far as I am concerned . Wasted money .
 I felt the product gave me too much of a buzz including causing difficulty concetrating and made me short tempered . It also increased heart rate . I wo n't use it . It might be OK for others but if you try it please start with only one capsule for a few days and see how you feel . If you have any heart problems , STAY AWAY !
 This is the worst-tasting stuff ever . GNC stopped making liquid minerals , so I bought this stuff . I really started to gagging , particularly due to the chemical aftertaste which will not go away . Stay away . Stay far away .
 I ordered this via Amazon . It was delivered in a regular Amazon box , very discreet . The package was in a white plastic bag inside of the box . It is made up of a soft material that gives when you squeeze it . It is about 41/2 inches long . It has three ridges of graduating sizes . The top ridge is 41/2 inches in circumference , the second ridge is about 43/4 inches in circumference and at the base it is 51/2 inches in circumference . It is very quiet . I think is is shaped kinda weird and too short . The vibrations are not earth shaking . It did n't do much for external stimulation either . I thought is was just kinda okay , nothing special . I used it and kept waiting & waiting & waiting . I think I would burn up the batteries before I got any satisfaction .
 this looks wonderful to use , but was a dud upon arrival . the batteries used were fresh from the package , but just in case , i used almost two whole packages before concluding it was the product . and since it came with other things that all worked , i know it was n't how the package was handled on the way to me . very disappointed .
 After reading so many positive reviews and being a fan of certain citrusy smells and notes , I was certainly intrigued . After all , who can hate blood orange ? I must be the first one b/c I certainly dislike this perfume with gusto -- enough to write a review ! I have to say I have n't tried that pungent of a smell in a long time . The description was correct in saying that it 's fresh , and I certainly should 've listened to that closer . It is indeed fresh , not sweet or powdery , or musky . The orange that I smell is so synthetic that it almost makes me dizzy and nauseated . The bitterness in it is also unpleasant to me . The staying power appears to be decent , and that 's the reason I gave it two stars rather than one . Stella-a-a -- rude , obnoxious , and is here to stay .
 This is a fine item , but without some way to bring water to it and to drain it , you are talking about needing a pail and two people to transfer the water safely .
 I do n't know why I bought these ... they are horrible ! They 're dry , thick , chalky ... you need a LOT of water to wash them down . I 'll finish the box , but would NOT recommend them !
 I am also following the low carb diet and have tried several different bars . With one exception , they are all horrible . I 'm not a picky eater & would tolerate lesser quality in the name of losing weight . But these -LRB- very expensive -RRB- bars are n't worth it.The only brand/flavor I like is Atkins Apple Crisp bars . They have a rice krispy texture and a half way decent apple flavor.They are very hard to locate in the local stores .
 I am also following the low carb diet and have tried several different bars . With one exception , they are all horrible . I 'm not a picky eater & would tolerate lesser quality in the name of losing weight . But these -LRB- very expensive -RRB- bars are n't worth it.The only brand/flavor I like is Atkins Apple Crisp bars . They have a rice krispy texture and a half way decent apple flavor.They are very hard to locate in the local stores .
 I have some facial ingrown hair -LRB- not severe -RRB- . I have usedB & C Skin Tight 4 oz . -LRB- For Razor Bumps -RRB- for about a month now according to the directions . There was no improvement in the condition . Also , used after shaving , the feeling is not very pleasant -LRB- maybe due to the fact that the solution is alcohol based -RRB- . I will try their creme and will post a review .
 I ordered both the chocolate & vanilla . I just assumed the chocolate would be the one I 'd prefer . I totally agree with theprevious `` reviewers '' that it 's not that good . The vanilla is quite good & I 'd advise buying it before trying the chocolate . I find that the chocolate does n't blend up as smooth as the vanilla .
 I mostly bought this stuff to make protein shakes with because it does have 20g per serving . Therefore since I dont care about the carb factor I tried it with water and with milk . Even holding my nose I wasnt able to force this stuff down . Im not kidding when I tell you I gagged and briefly held over the sink believing I would vomit . Theres no way I could force this stuff down day after day , its like waxy , muddy water . Fortunately for me theres much better ways to get protein , and for those of you on a diet save your money and go with something else , I dont know how this is even on the market .
 I purchased this product because its very comparible to the Atkins shakes , but less money . Boy , you get what you pay for . I had trouble mixing it . I even used my power mixer and it still clumps . The taste is a bit gritty . Finally , I took a suggestion off of this review site and made it like hot chocolate . Well , the powder mixed up this time and does taste a bit better , almost like sugar free hot cocoa . I would not recommend this product . I was using the Atkins shakes and thought I could save some cash , but , they are much tastier and mix without any grit . Just my opinion .
 This product is tolerable -LRB- if you make with cream for those on Atkins , or milk for those not -RRB- , but it is $ 10 - $ 12 cheaper at the grocery store .
 Sucralose -LRB- Spleccccchhhhhda -RRB- and PARTIALLY HYDROGENATED canola oil . TRANS FAT , in other words . Yeah , the Repuke-controlled FDA does n't require anything less than 1 g of trans fat PER SERVING to appear in the nutritional information , so the scamsters just MAKE THE SERVINGS SMALLER !
 I found this stuff to be seriously nasty - both in chocolate and vanilla . Nothing I 've done has improved the flavor or terrible texture . I 've tried mixing it in a shaker -LRB- too much sludge at the bottom that does n't mix in no matter what -RRB- , using my blender with crushed ice -LRB- still ick -RRB- and even in my blender with ice and various fresh fruits , as well as an extra packet or two of sweetener and even some various flavored extracts to boost the flavor . It was still seriously nasty . I took this product on vacation , thinking that it would be easier to pack -LRB- and it was - I used big ziplock storage baggies -RRB- than the delightful prepared SlimFast meal drink I 'm used to . What a huge disappointment . Spend the extra and get the SlimFast Meal drink.Now the big question is - what do I do with the four canisters that I 've already spent nearly $ 50 to purchase ?????
 I found this stuff to be seriously nasty - both in chocolate and vanilla . Nothing I 've done has improved the flavor or terrible texture . I 've tried mixing it in a shaker -LRB- too much sludge at the bottom that does n't mix in no matter what -RRB- , using my blender with crushed ice -LRB- still ick -RRB- and even in my blender with ice and various fresh fruits , as well as an extra packet or two of sweetener and even some various flavored extracts to boost the flavor . It was still seriously nasty . I took this product on vacation , thinking that it would be easier to pack -LRB- and it was - I used big ziplock storage baggies -RRB- than the delightful prepared SlimFast meal drink I 'm used to . What a huge disappointment . Spend the extra and get the SlimFast Meal drink.Now the big question is - what do I do with the four canisters that I 've already spent nearly $ 50 to purchase ?????
 I did not receive the item I ordered . The online photo of the product box showed the correct item , but it was not the one I received . When I called to tell them I received the wrong item , they only offered to send me a return address label . No apology and no offer to replace with the correct item .
 Well , i wish i would not have gotten this . i was expecting much more . This actually makes my face feel less smooth and makes it break out more than any other shaving cream i have tried .
 At 350lbs I figured this would be just fine to handle my heft . I do feel relatively secure while sitting on it . Though it functions ok , it never exceed any expectations . The cover and seat rely on friction hinges to keep from closing unexpectedly but they work too well . It 's almost impossible to close the seat/cover combo completely as the hinge never really closes all the way causing the combo to hover slightly above total closure . The fact the ` bucket ' is rectangular instead of round makes finding the perfect liner very difficult . Not only is it rectangular but there is a large lip at the rear of the ` bucket ' making the liner reguirement about 17 '' X 11 '' . I ended up having to use 33 gallon liners . Much larger than is necessary . This brings me to my major problem
 Ok , to be fair , I was a complete idiot and did n't refrigerate these . So , after being gone a couple days , I came home after a small heat wave and found that my entire room stank . and i mean STANK . it was rancid . stomach turning . Just awful . So , these could be a great multivitamin , and the price was ... decent . If you 're a vegan , you should definitely be taking a multivitamin , so if you do n't buy these , buy another . Just , do n't be stupid and leave them in your night stand .
 This might work for some and price is certainly low , but I found it actually uncomfortable . Gave it away soon after receiving it .
 its ok and alright and decent and i guess that it did something i dont hurt down there so thats nice
 the legs bend under way to easy and becomes unstable in the shower . the chair cracked in half after two months of use . do not buy .
 I was not happy with this product . Even though the name and gauge were the same as the other lancets that I received , the quality for this batch of lancets was not . The needle length and diameter were not consistent . I had to change my depth settings multiple times . The needles were painful to use . All other batches of 30 gauge lancets were fine .
 I am not sure if it was just the pack that we got or they are all made this way but our beyond sevens were small . We use normal durex , crown , skyn , and trojan and they all fit fine but my husband can not wear these .
 i bought these condoms and i used them with my boyfriend and for some reason they rip ... that happend more then once ... even though i used lubricant ...
 This unit simply does not work for the sports or active market it claims to address - and it becomes erratic after a few weeks of use . This temperamental unit makes it difficult to simply get ANY reading ... even while perfectly still and carefully aligning your fingertip . Its claims to work while doing almost anything short of jumping-jacks are not based on reality.The very frustrating minuses : - Readings are erratic and undependable . - Even when new , the unit is slow and unresponsive with huge lag times after finger positioning to get any reading ... or even an error message . - The `` Sensor Off '' indicator frequently appears for no reason , and readings are lost . - The `` Weak Signal '' icon frequently appears and readings are lost , even when there is no detectable movement of the finger or the unit . - This unit does not have FDA approval for medical purposes.Oximeter tips : - Warm your hands . Oximeters have a hard time obtaining readings from cold fingers . - Persons with CHF , COPD or other medical conditions may need a device that will take readings from the ear . Find out from your care provider what type of device you need.Bottom line
 This honey took 12 days to arrive and it tastes terrible.Expensive for such a small amount of honey.It leaves an oily residue on the surface of hot drinks and does n't taste like normal honey , it 's much stronger .
 Although the chair was n't horrible , I had 2 problems with it . Most important , the legs are adjustable but after some months of use one of the legs slipped and became shorter . It stripped the adjustment workings so I could n't fix it . Also the chair is a bit difficult to clean although I do n't know how that could be made better .
 There was a different picture up when i ordered them they have since fixed the picture . Im still stuck with a ton of condoms that i dont like at all . Sucks .
 Too many straps , too big -LRB- too high on torso -RRB- , too uncomfortable . Returned it . Not happy with this purchase . Vvv vvv
 I bought several different kinds of magnifying sheets because I 'm a musician and have a hard time reading my music on the stand . I was hoping that something would work out to make it just a little big larger.They really do have to held inches above ... and there are lines running through it ... I spent $ 40 total on a few of these plus the expensive shipping and handling . It was a complete waste .
 I have a just turned 3 year old on the autism spectrum . One issue we face with her is picky eating . As a result , she has an iron deficiency . I 've been told to address it with a multivitamin . She has always refused vitamins . I just barely got her to take the gummy vitamins , but I ca n't find any with iron . The Childlife Vitamin manufacturer did n't list the vitamins and minerals included in this vitamin , so I relied on a reviewer who stated that it contained iron . I got it today , and it does not contain iron.For those of you wondering , here 's what 's in the bottle
 My four year old son is a very picky eater and I 'm trying to find a vitamin supplement for him . The previous reviews on this product were favorable so I thought we would try it . The smell is so strong and can not be disguised in milk , apple juice , etc. . . It smells like vitamins and the taste was intolerable for both of us .
 We 've been using this product -LRB- not bought from Amazon -RRB- for the last six months and loved it . Found cheaper price on Amazon and bought 2 bottles . Unfortunately , we have to return the 2 bottles we bought due to strong off smell of chemical/vitamins which we never had prior to this order . The product itself is good -LRB- although no iron , which I wish they have -RRB- and my kids love the taste . But I would not buy it from Amazon again . Maybe we got a bad batch , but still I do n't want to test it again .
 Delivery of this product took one week longer than another product ordered the same day . The product was damaged when received . The cap was chipped allowing some of the liquid out . It was wrapped in bubble wrap so I am not sure how the cap was chipped . When my 3yr old was given the supplement he tried to spit it out . I am now searching for a similar product but not by this company .
 Hmmm ... my 22 month old daughter 's been taking this for about a week and suddenly came down with a low-grade fever . She 's been fighting it for the past three days and has never experienced anything like this ! I do n't know if the vitamins are to blame -LRB- seems unlikely -RRB- , but you 'd think with her consistently ingesting them that her immunity would be strengthened , not weakened . This is just too much of a coincidence for me to feel comfortable purchasing this product again .
 My son been taking this vitamin for about 2 months and during the last month he had a bronchitis , non-stop runny nose and a very serious ear infection . Not that the vitamin caused this , but they did not help his immune system at all !
 the product not that great . It has after taste , so we back to the expensive poly multi . Not sure why this vitaman that expensive the poly . This vitamin has soure taste and sweet and god knows what . They need to make something close to poly multi but cheaper for picky kids .
 Even the non-picky boy , even if I mixed it into orange juice . It may be superhealthy , but that 's no use if the kid gags on it . Will not buy it again .
 Although this multi vitamin looks like a great natural product , my daughter would n't take it ! She hated the taste , and I have to admit it does taste pretty gross . We bought it for her when she was a little older than 1 years old . We had to give her gummy vitamins early because that 's all she 'd take . If I could have gotten her to take it I would be ecstatic !
 This product is fine - I have taken it for 12 years . Amazon subscribe and save service is a disgrace . I take more than one pill a day , so I frequently click the `` need more right away '' tab . In August , I ordered an extra delivery 5 days prior to the scheduled delivery . Amazon held the order and shipped it in the same package as my normal delivery , so now I am without medicine for the holiday weekend . I 'll know better than to order an extra shipment through the subscribe and save program in the future .
 With shipping and handling my total cost came to
 There are other products with the same principal ingredient . I heard recommendations for this product but it has never done anything to improve razor burn/bumps for me .
 The item for sale does not match with the reviews . The ad is not clear enough for me to purchase the pillow .
 I bought this pillow on recommendation of a healthcare professional who should have known better . I 've used it for three weeks , and my neck pain has gotten worse , not better . Over all my muscles are more stiff and sore.I was told this design would take some getting used to , but I 've given it a fair trial run and still do n't like it . Now I find myself waking up to make sure that when I roll over onto my side , I 'm on the proper `` corner '' of the pillow , which , by the way , is n't big enough , and I 'm a petite person . To be fair , if they made it big enough it would probably take up two-thirds of your bed , which would be unfair to your sleep partner.My sleeping preference is on my side , but I start out on my back . I bought the Tri-Core to replace a memory foam pillow that was so-so . I 'm going back to my old memory foam until I can find a pillow that will actually accommodate BOTH back AND side sleepers , as many claim to do . I 've used a couple of different cervical pillows from Relax the Back store , a latex pillow , a memory foam pillow , and now this one . I wish I had bought it from Amazon because the afore-mentioned person I bought it from profitted , at my expense
 The advertisement claimed this pillow to be the `` highest quality cervical support pillow '' ; and the first two nights I used the pillow , it was great . By the end of the week , the fibers had shifted , and the pillow was lumpy and misshapen , and very uncomfortable . Some of the lumps being so hard , they were painful . And no amount of shaking or fluffing brought about a change . For the cost , I expect a pillow to be comfortable for more than one or two nights!Tri - Core Pillow Standard Support
 I bought this pillow a month ago and was initially impressed with its firmness and neck support . After about two weeks use , it became much less firm and much more floppy . After a month , the stitching on the side of the pillow came loose and its contents started to spill out . I am hugely disappointed with the quality of this pillow and can not recommend it to anyone .
 First let me review the pillow . The pillow is sold to provide good support for back as well as side sleepers . Although thihs might hold true for back sleepers , it is definelty not a good side sleep pillow . I used thsi pillow for few nights and was kept awake all night due to the pain ti caused I wanted to break in the pillow and bared the pain for couple of weeks but still didnt get better.Now as far as the customer service , I tried contacting them and asking them not for a refund but atleast an exchange to try one of thier other pillows . The response i got was `` we are not sorry about this because our policy does not permit refunds '' I never wanted them to be sorry except provide me an option if avaible ! The customer service was very rude.I would strongly recommend against trying out this pillow if you are a side sleeper . Also keep in mind the horrible and rude customer service if you ever need it .
 This pillow is too hard . I understand you need it to be firm for the support but I woke up with my neck hurting . I read other reviews where people found it comfortable after a couple of weeks . I tried and tried but just could not get to a point where it helped me with my neck discomfort . I do not have a long neck so I found the pillow pushing my chin toward my chest while I slept . This pillow was not for me .
 This pillow was extremely uncomfortable because it was too firm and actually caused my neck to hurt worse . After a few weeks or month the foam broke down too much and does n't give enough support now . I am very disappointed in this pillow and would be buying a different pillow if they did n't cost so much .
 I was not impressed with this product compared to other HCL capsules I have used to treat my heartburn/GERD . Primarily , it fails to relieve my symptoms like other HCl pills , and I find myself taking twice as many.Being the scientist that I am , I decided to test them.I dissolved these tablets in room temp water and measured how long it took to dissolve , and the resulting pH of the water . I compared them with another brand.What I found was that not only do these tablets dissolve slower , but the resulting pH was about 1.5 units less on the pH scale , which is effectively ~ 50 times less acid since the pH scale is logarithmic -LRB- i.e. each unit is effectively an order of magnitude , or a difference of ten-times as much -RRB- . I noticed that they included Calcium -LRB- as Calcium Carbonate -RRB- in the ingredients . Calcium carbonate is a base , which neutralizes acid ! Including this ingredient reduces the effectiveness of this product . This is probably why I found them ineffective , and why they did n't change the pH very much.What does this mean?It means if you are taking these pills to give your stomach more acid , they are not very effective for that purpose . If you are trying to increase your stomach acid , avoid this product!Lastly , they are tablets , and they do not dissolve as fast as capsules . They took significantly longer to dissolve in my tests.The product also includes the digestive enzymes Papain and Bromelain , which is not stated in the product description . When will supplement retailers on amazon start including the nutritional label information ?
 I do n't know if I 'm qualified to judge this product . All I know is it did not work the way for me I thought it would . I had been told that as you age , you stop producing HCl for digestion . I thought if I took this product it would help with stomach health . It did n't . I actually had more stomach distress . I 'm not sure if it was caused by the product . It just did n't work for me .
 I have been taking this for a week now . I take 2 capsules around 9PM and usually engage in activity around 10 - 11 PM . I have not see one single effect from this product . I am feeling like I have been mislead by the product 's website and the so called independent websites out there that have done long studies . The product claims immediate results , but this is not true . I 've tried Rize 2 the Occasion and had immediate results with that the first two times , but the 3rd time was a no go . I purchased a 1 month supply of Orexis . I will continue to give it a try but I feel that I may be seeking my 30 day money back guarantee before long.If you need this type of thing , go to a doctor . Let him prescribe something to you that is sure to work . Get a sample from the Dr. and see what suits you best , stop blowing your money .
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 I was disappointed that the socks were not very tight . No compression was in the feet area and what was in the calf was not as tight as other compression socks I 've purchased in the past . I use compression socks while working 12 hour shifts and I usually can feel the difference when wearing them -- my feet usually do not feel tired or in much pain but I can not say the same for these .
 I ordered this because we love California Baby and we love the `` Calming '' shampoo and body wash the most . I would give the product 5 stars , normally . BUT , I found a *** 19oz *** bottle at Target for only $ 19.19 -LRB- including tax -RRB- ! I paid nearly $ 4.50 MORE for a bottle with 1.5 ounces LESS ! I have to suck up this error because Amazon would charge me to return it , and it 's obviously not worth the $ 5 shipping to get my money back .
 My customer prefers this product , and when I ordered it for her via Amazon this time , I was disappointed that it took a full ten days for her to receive it . With a phone call , I discovered that the seller is n't the manufacturer . That explains it ... a middleman . I wo n't go this route again .
 I purchased this because of the good reviews . I suffer from allergies and I have a congested nose most of the time.I just tossed the few tablets left in the trash .
 Some minor relief after 3-4 days of taking 2 tablets , 3 times per day.I would not recommend this product . Even though it is much more expensive , Clariton D is more effective .
 THIS IS A RIDICULOUS PRICE !!! HERE IN OHIO THIS PRODUCT RETAILS AT $ 18.99 FOR A BOTTLE OF 50 TABLETS ! THIS IS A RIP OFF AND I WILL NEVER PAY THIS MUCH FOR A BUNCH OF THIEVES !
 I ca n't really give a good review because I ordered a small , yet received an XXL . Not doing much good for me !
 ... comes hefty disappointment . Andis is a good brand of clipper , `` however '' $ 80 for this pair of clippers is $ 70 too much . The power is weak and it takes about 24 hours to fully charge.These clippers are not designed for professional use at all . I am not a barber , my wife cuts my hair every 2 weeks or so . It does a decent fade job and my 2 boys -LRB- 3 and 4 -RRB- are mixed and seems to cut through their hair with a little more ease than mine.However it seems that my past corded clippers had more power which translate to easier cutting and trimming . My wife has to constantly go over various spots multiple times because it did not hit the spot the first or 2nd time.My recommendation is to do your research and go with another pair of Andis clippers , stay away from this pair , or you 'll be finding yourself writing a review saying I agree with the first guy that reviewed this product .
 After using almost the entire box as instructed , there was no noticeable change . Was offered a free box when called customer service to request refund . Just seems to me if company is so sure product works , why make second box so freely available ? Was assured that results would be seen after using second box , but very disappointed that claims of results in 7-days proved completely false .
 Call me a dummy , this was not what I expected , the key word being &#34; Gel &#34; , it does n't harden , not good for cookies , and that 's what I do . I do n't know what I was thinking . My fault
 I ordered the product in advance as needed it till a specific date . the product did n't arrive within few weeks and when i tried to contact the vendor there was no response . after few weeks of waiting i had to cancel the order.i have not heard from the vendor till today and i 'm very disappointed from this low level of service .
 Call me a dummy , this was not what I expected , the key word being &#34; Gel &#34; , it does n't harden , not good for cookies , and that 's what I do . I do n't know what I was thinking . My fault
 I 've been taking this product for over 2 weeks now . It has helped relieve my anxiety and helped me to sleep better . However , I 've noticed that I want to cry about even stupid little things now . I never cried that much before taking this medication .
 I am not very happy with this I started to breakout with blochs all over my body the second pill in , soo i stopped it , it would be great to get my money back , but i have already opened it .
 I tried this to help with some of my social skills and after 21/2 months of the maximum dosage , I noticed very little to no results . I quit taking it for a week , and still noticed no change in my mood . Something else that did help though was to get a good blender -LRB- I opted for the Nutribullet -RRB- and make myself a veggie/fruit smoothie once or twice a day . Apparently even though I had a relatively decent diet , I still needed some nutritional boosting . Different people are wired differently , but Amoryn just did n't do squat for me .
 This was a waste of time and I tried to return it for a credit , but company refused to give me a credit .
 I took this for about a month , even tried to take two at a time some mornings , but no noticeable difference in mood .
 On the site it says it could take up to 7 weeks for it to reach it 's full effect . During the First , Second & Third Week I did n't feel anything . I did notice I was getting more nightmares while I was using this . If I took it at night I would get bad dreams -LRB- there goes there no side effects besides Headaches , Fatigue , Increased Anxiety , Insomnia , Stomach Upset or Nausea claim out the window -RRB- . I did notice I had difficulty sleeping when I took this at night so I decided to take it in the afternoon . After the third week I decided to stop it for 3 days . I went back on it & I felt a change I was actually able to wake up in the morning without alot of negative thoughts -LRB- which I could not often do before I would sleep through the morning -RRB- . It was a minimal change nothing major lasted about a week & never returned . I did buy two bottles but I only finished a bottle & 1/2 but I did n't feel any difference so I decided to stop . I did n't take it for the full 7 weeks . I was on it for like 5 weeks so I have about 2 weeks of pills left . After the change was gone I did n't believe the effect would have returned . I did notice they say to store the non-opened bottles in the fridge to keep it fresh but I doubt that would make a huge difference .
 First , I have not received my product ! They sent me the wrong order . They called me asked me to send it back and then they would send me my original order . I sent it back over a month ago . I still have not received my order . I would not suggest buying anythin g from Head to Toe .
 I have high blood pressure and had to discontinue using Amoryn and any product containing SJW . SJW causes blood pressure to increase in some individuals . Use this product only if you are completely healthy without high blood pressure .
 Several of the capsules had burst before we got them and there is oil all over all of the other capsules . New ones burst regularly . It makes for a really gross bottle of supplements . We take evening primrose oil daily and I was hoping that subscribing to this product would give me easy re-upping but I cancelled my subscription .
 This primrose oil comes combined with a truckload of other omega 6 . Not good for your bodies natural anti-inflammatory response . I 'll be looking for pure primrose oil in the future .
 It is summer in Georgia and it is in the 90s , but I had them with me for only a couple hours outside and they all melted together .
 this product came on time . I bought it because I saw it on dr oz who said it can help with hair regrowth . I used it for a while and it didnt help me at all . cant say I would recommand it to a friend because everybody is different .
 Not sure if these were exposed to heat before or during shipping but all 3 bottles I ordered have every capsule stuck together . I can barely get them out of the container and it 's difficult to get even one unstuck from the group . Will not order from this manufacturer again .
 Amazon has always been excellent for pricing . However , I expected to get at least 2 bottles of sprinkles for $ 6 . I just got 1 . They are under $ 3 in the stores . I wo n't be ordering sprinkles again from Amazon , needless to say .
 I was so excited about these sprinkles for my cupcake decorating needs ... that is until i tried a cupcake that i had LIGHTLY dusted with the glitter.It feels like tiny razors in your mouth and absolutely ruins the texture of your baked goods . Go natural , dump these `` edible '' flakes .
 I used this sparkle for my daughter 's birthday cake , but the sparlkes did not show at all so its just a waste of time unless you are putting it on a dark color cake .
 I read everyone 's reviews , compared a number of models , and made the mistake of picking this option . It is WAY TOO BIG to reasonably use -- in any setting . I purchased it as a lumbar support but could not sit with it without having to lean back nearly six inches.Also -- BEWARE -- do n't assume that if you dislike it you 'll be able to just send it back . Amazon charages a restocking fee and the the cost of shipping is prohibitively high.Sorry guys , keep looking !
 The curve looks nice , but it 's very stiff , no designed to change shape . A wood board is loosely inserted at the back , which makes it feel a little cheap .
 I am pregnant and having sciatic and lower back pain . The physiotherapist recommended buying a back-rest . I purchased this and could not wait to use to help my pain . Unfortunately this did n't work with my office chair . It literally took off inches from the depth and I felt like I had to strain even more to prevent myself from falling off the chair . I think it works only for deep chairs , however my office chair is normal so not sure which chairs this product is for . I am sending it back .
 I was very disappointed with the Duro-Med Relax A Back Pillow insert . It was too hard and stiff and the pillow was hard to keep in position . I unfortunately will be in the market for something softer and more comfortable . Maybe it will work better for someone else .
 Save your money on this little piece of junk.Flimsy and poorly designed . Have tried using in the car , a chair , and other places with ZERO success .
 This is a second-grade product or it would be right to say its not even a product . After ordering I recieved it after 12 days and there was no tracking available . Cushion is very stiff even after talking out the back support out.This cushion intensified my back problem . It was very difficult to get this placed in correct posture .
 This pad is not that great . I was looking for back support , but it pushes you forward so far that the rest of your back can not rest on the seat . While it does leave your lower back supported , the top of your back can be overly stressed on long trips .
 The real item is much thicker than it looks on the website . After you put it into your chair , your back is very far from the back support.I regret that I bought this .
 It is so uncomfortable , ca n't use it . Gave it to my sister for Christmas she hated it.Don ' t know what else to say .
 This item was advertised as being 16 inches wide . However , it is not 16 inches wide . I bought it specifically because it was supposed to be wider than most cushions I 've seen , and that 's what I need . So it did n't work for me .
 I was looking forward to this , but I found that it pushed me too far forward and it made it almost uncomfortable on my back .
 I was very excited about finding this product and then I read the one review that stated the item had changed in quality . so I called up ; duro med at 1800-526-4735 , sure enough the reviewer was right . They no longer have a zipper so the quality has changed . Buyer beware .
 Fortunately I decided to try 2 different lumbar supports -LRB- which qualified for free shipping -RRB- and the other support does provide good solid support , and the contours of it fit well - see below : Comfort Products Relaxzen Massaging Lumbar Cushion with HeatAs for this one - I tried it because of the many reviews that felt this was too firm - and because of the insert that was to help provide additional firmness/support . However , for me , this was the LEAST firm support I have tried so far.The hard insert is only in the back behind the foam -LRB- just feels like a straight board to provide a backing ; which does nothing to help give any firmness to the foam front for the lumbar area . I have a thin waist and big hips , which leaves a deep space which is in need of very good support for my bad back - not only does this not provide that support , for me it just does n't feel uniform - the foam is just not even and consistent throughout the lumbar area.Each item can have its difference and my bad back is very particular - but this is the one it did n't like AT ALL - while the 2 others types I have are quite helpful.For me this one was a waste of money .
 I purchased two of these and foolishly cut the tags off as I assumed they would work . A closer examination should have been a tip off . The cloth is very thin and poor quality ! In only 4 days of use the seams have already started tearing ! The back has a piece of plywood and already the outline of it is wearing through the material . The back strap stretched to double it 's size and is weak and useless ! This really is an inferior product and AMAZON ought to discontinue carrying it ! I wish I could get my money back , but the packing slip , box etc went out in the trash the next morning after it arrived !
 This lumbar support cushion actually makes my back more uncomfortable . It seems too large for my frame and creates too severe a curve . It 's also VERY firm and does n't `` give '' . If I had n't thrown away the wrapper , I would have returned it .
 The chair back support could use verticle straps to keep it in place . With my desk chair , the chair back slips down into the space between the seat and back . Consequently , I keep having to pull it up into place . There is nothing unusual about my desk chair .
 This did n't really work for me . I put it on the chair at my computer desk at work and it never stays in one place . Plus it just did n't give me the support I needed . Everybody 's different though so just b/c it did n't work for me does n't mean it wo n't work for you ...
 I purchased this for my office chair . All in all , I am disappointed . It felt good at first , but did n't stay put -- kept sliding down . I stopped using it .
 I do n't like it , I bought it for back support and I find It is very uncomfortable to drive with .
 I did n't like this at all . Returned it . Do n't recommend . When I put it on my car seat , it was very uncomfortable .
 I tried this thing because I do have lower back issues . I tried it on my chair by the computer -- no go , the wings on it made it a tough fit and uncomfortable as heck . I tried using it in the car -- same story , those wings were too confining and it actually made matters worse ... it was horrifically uncomfortable . I stuck it on a chair in the kitchen that I never use . I guess the only reason I did n't give it a 1 was that I acknowledge the possibility that for &#34; some &#34; people and on the &#34; right &#34; chair ... it might provide some help . As for me , it was a waste of time and money .
 I did not like this product . It was uncomfortable to use . I thought it may have been the board insert so I took it out but that did not matter . The product is too firm and does not fit the curves of the lower back well .
 It is thinner in the middle than it looks in the picture . It might work for those who do n't need a lot of support , but if you need a back support that really pushes back and does n't give too much , this is not for you .
 The foam is kind of cheesy in this pillow so it has a piece of masonite in it for support . The cover is nice . It does n't fit well in some chairs . The elastic strap is nice to hold it in place in the appropriate chair .
 I received this as a gift . I tried it on my office chair and it is too big , forcing me to sit very uncomfortably . I 'm hoping to return it and get a smaller half-roll pad instead .
 This product is no where marked that it will not fit all cars nor does it have the ability to be adjusted to do so.I drive honda civic probably one of the most popular cars in the USA and it does not fit the seat at all.this may work in a larger luxury car but then why would you need it for a luxury car?I wasted my money and Im dont intend take time off work to rebox and mail this back for the moneyBuyer beware
 I ordered this and had it sent to a relative who has back problems . I thought it was similar to the ones that I already own . It turns out that the composite board insert that they show in the picture , which looks as if it would be the same size as the cushion -LRB- would n't that make sense ? -RRB- , is about half the size , and so it slides around in the back when it is placed inside the cloth cover . The cloth cover is so thin - like a thin sheet material - that my relative is afraid the board insert will cause it to rip as it slides around . I suggested she take it out entirely and just use the cushion . Then , because I was getting a little suspicious that the product may be poorly made , I asked her if it was easy to fold the cushion in half , and she did so easily . The cushions that I own , from other manufacturers , are stiff and supportive , and ca n't be bent in half , and the covers are thick and sturdy . I 'm sorry that I purchased this , but it did seem very inexpensive , so I guess you get what you pay for . It 's too difficult for me to get my relative to return it long distance , so I just told her to put it in her car and leave it there , and I 'll buy her a better quality lumbar cushion . I ca n't imagine that anyone who has ever owned a good quality lumbar cushion will be happy with this one .
 This is a great lumbar support pillow . That being said , it is very poorly designed . It fits over chairs , etc. with a sturdy elastic band that only stretches about 6 inches !! I have a medium-size rocking chair that I could n't get the elastic to stretch enough to fit over it ... and it most definitely does n't fit over my car seat , which is what I bought it for . It does fit on a couple of small chairs , but even if I wanted to use it on them , it wo n't stay &#34; up ' but slides down to rest on the seat . I need it to be 4 or 5 inches above the seat . Velcro would be a much better choice to attach this item to a seat .
 I bought this and found it to be useless for my purposes -LRB- use in a vehicle -RRB- . Maybe I can find some other use for it , but I doubt it . The problem is ... it 's HUGE -LRB- using it in my Toyota Tacoma is impossible -RRB- and uncomfortable . Thumbs down !
 I bought this to use in the car . It 's really too big for the car . It has you sitting an easy 6 inches closer to the wheel or , right in another persons back if you are in the back of the car . Also there is a wood stabilizer in the back -LRB- removable where the zipper is -RRB- that floats around in there and is not secured . The piece of wood or particle board , hardens one sidde or the other making the cushion awkward and uncomfortable . I find myself adjusting it compulsively . Also the strap is not long enough to stretch around my car seat . Feels good when watching a movie , if you like to have perfect posture in the living room . I do like how the wings are long on each side . This feels like a hug , and in the car it keeps my torso from swaying with every turn .
 The placement of the Bac prevents the safe operation of the vehicle by the operator . It forces your body forward into the steering wheel and changes the position of your foot to properly stop the vehicle . Returned item , paid $ 23.00 plus and received an EIGHT $ $ credit . Must dispute credit card payment . The Bac does not fit all drivers seats for safety to the driver and passengers
 This cushion is too short to be of any good . It hurts my back if I sit against it for more than a few minutes.I 'm glad it costed only 10.00 . I wo n't feel so angry when I toss it in the rubbish bin.Don ' t bother . . This cushion is painful . .
 Bought this on October 5 and it is november 20 and already the foam has collapsed and I do n't see the point of it anymore , like other reviewers have said , it is not for all chairs , but I ca n't believe the poor construction , the elastic belt does not help to keep it in place either what a waste of money
 The sides should have been much thinner . They press on my kidneys and after a couple of hours my kidneys start to hurt . Horrible ergonomics ! Lumbar cushions are supposed to support your backbone , not your soft tissue .
 Build quality is a little shoddy , and the strap is permanently stretched after a weeks worth of use.I 'd recommend this one instead : Angel Sales PosturePro Lumbar Support . It 's much more comfortable , and better made .
 This item does n't actually provide real lumbar support . This item is significantly better than it should be which I 've confirmed with a massage therapist very knowledgable in ergonomics . After using the product for 5 minutes I had a lot more pain than without it .
 i was using it for my car , and its too big , plus it will not allow the heated seat to work
 I am very petite -LRB- 5 ' 0 '' and less than 100 lbs . -RRB- and this `` pillow '' did not hit my back in a comfortable spot at all . Also , it is harder than my actual chair , making it quite useless .
 I have been using this almost for a month in my office chair at work . I have purchased it to fix my posture due to heavy PC usage . We do have ergonomic chairs in the office maybe that is the reason why this didnt really fit well . First of all it requires the back part of the chair to be one piece all the way down to the seat . My chair has a small open area between the seat and the back part of the chair so the straps do not hold well . Second this is too thick and when i put this , i do not have enough room for my legs on the seat . I feel like i am sitting half way in the chair . Again this all might be related with the type of chair i have but I thought this product would be one fit for all .
 This pillow turned to foam powder after one year . Until then it was fine , but watch out for the mess when it falls apart and becomes dust .
 Every back problem needs different types of support . I decided to give this a try and it was extremely uncomfortable for me as it was much too hard . I have upper thoracic and lower lumbar back problems . I need relief not a board.I recently bought another back pillow that worked great for me , but I decided to try this one . The one that worked for me is found on Amazon as well
 The cushion is pretty hard . The elastic band does n't fit well around a large office chair . Also , the cushion has wings on the sides of the pillow that makes it hard to sit in a chair that has some contour of it 's own . It does n't work well for larger people since it is not as wide in the center -LRB- between the winged edges -RRB- . I 'm going to return it and get one without the angles of winged edges .
 How this back `` cushion '' has such high ratings is a mystery to me , it really is a poor product that is nothing as advertised . Rather than support my back , it gave me pain . I did n't even open the packaging and I could feel the cardboard as soon as I rested my back into it . You can also totally feel that piece of cardboard by just touching the back of it and the cardboard was n't even set in place . Brought it to my car to give it a try and it totally did n't fit since the sides of the driver 's seat is curved . Definitely not meant for the driver 's or shotgun seat , maybe the back passenger seats . Either way , it is not a cushion in any way and absolutely does not provide any back support . You 'll probably get more back pain than prevent it . Shipped it right back for a refund !
 Be warned this thing is as hard as a concrete slab , and the wings that so profusely jut out of the sides -LRB- not really represented in photos or description -RRB- do n't help , maybe I 've been too spoiled with Relax the Back tempurpedic products which cost 5x more , I guess you get what you pay for .
 For someone who has chronic back pain , I am constanly searching for items that help alleviate my pain throughout my work day and this was not it .
 The material too hard , size too bulky . Not for me definitely.I 'm not returning this only because I do n't wan na spend the shipping fee for returning.I already paid for the shipping when it came to me -RRB- _ : . Not worth it .
 It is attractive looking , however , it is too deep and pushes me out of my chair when I use it . It did support my low back a little bit , but the struggle to stay in my chair because of the depth of this cushion made me not use it and rate it 2 stars . The strap was barely long enough to fit around my larger chair and so I gave it only 2 stars .
 Had to return it . The sides dug into my back on a chair with some curvature . Might have been okay for a flat backed chair .
 Yes its soft and yes its good quality but I found it less comfortable to have something against my lower back when in my work chair . So now it just sits in the corner of my cube .
 Well I really tried to make this work in my car . I had to cut the wings off since my car seat already had flared sides . That helped a little but I still had back aches . I tried trimming the back and making angles to contour to my car seat . That did not work either . So now I have a piece of cut up insert that cost me $ 15.00 that I will have to throw away . I really tried to make it work but it just would not fit right in my car no matter how I tried to modify it .
 This is painful to sit with . It 's kind of hard , and too curvy for my back . the edges flare out to kind of keep you in a pocket , and they 're hard too . It 's hard to see by the picture just how big supporting part is , would probably not have purchased it if I had seen it in a store .
 Have it on the back of my chair . Not really useful . I ca n't even feel it . You have to have a straight back chair for it to be even noticeable . Might work for you , but does n't match well with my office depot leather exec chair .
 In pretty tall -LRB- 6 ' 2 '' -RRB- and Its too large . It pushes me too far up that I ca n't fit in the car .
 Had one of these before and got rid of it when moving . This one that I bought to replace it is cheaply made and as hard as a rock . It came with a piece of plywood in it which I ca n't understand since it 's already uncomfortable . Not sure what to get instead but shall keep looking . Of course for 22 bucks I was n't expecting the world but my first one was inexpensive and it was great .
 It is a little softer than a brick ! Does not support the bag at all ! Does not fit a back shape . The fabric is ugly , cheap , does not sit tightly on the pad , looks awfully cheap , loosing . The main material -LRB- pad -RRB- is aslo very cheap , hard , smells bad . It is absolutely not so accurate and nice as the picture shows . Returned within 5 minutes after the delivery . Thanks to Amazon , provided shipping label .
 Way too bulky , pushes my lower back out so much that my upper back does n't touch the chair at all . Then it feels like I 'm slouching .
 The contoured shape of this lumbar pillow is pretty good ; however , I found the construction cheap and the stiff back prevented it from being used in any type of curved seat -LRB- car , high-back office chair -RRB- as it did not sit flush , sticking out quite a bit.If you intend to use this with some sort of flat backed chair then I would consider it ; otherwise , the search continues .
 I bought one the middle of April , 2012 in grey and loved it ! I ordered THE SAME CUSHION in black , one week later , again through Amazon . Although it is packaged as being from the same manufacturer -LRB- Duro Med -RRB- , the material is considerably cheaper and it stinks !! -LRB- Literally causes the entire room to smell . -RRB- The insert on the original one is enclosed via a zipper ; the second one only has a slit from which the cardboard slips out.The support is much , much less than the first one I purchased.This is not the same product as the first one . If I could give it a minus score I would . Do not buy !!
 This is the worst back cushion I have ever used . A piece of board is inside it and after using it I had back pain . I thought it was the regular foam back cushion , of which I have two already . Nasty product ...
 I bought this to use with my office chair . To my disappointment , the cushion is so big that it takes up most of the seat ! I 'm forced to sit on the edge of my chair , which is very uncomfortable . I tried it on a couple other kinds of office chairs , and it was the same story each time.Maybe this cushion would work well if you have a chair with a fairly deep seat , so you can still sit back against the cushion . But for any of the fairly standard office chairs I tried it with , it was impossible to use !
 Actually , as a back support , I liked it . But , after a few days , I kept noticing this odor and it seemed to get worse , and left a bad taste in my mouth . Upon sniff 'n the polyurethane pillow it was determined it was the culprit ! I aired it out for 2 straight days outside but that only slightly helped . I washed it twice in the washing machine -LRB- `` Delicate '' -RRB- and dried it -LRB- `` Delicate '' cycle -RRB- and then aired it out again overnight . NO GO !!! The frigg 'n thing still has a bad odor -LRB- although less than at first -RRB- and it is going to find its new resting place in the dumpster today !
 This lumbar cushion has such a strong odor that we were unable to use it in our cars or in our house .
 Maybe my chair is not compatible but received this today and it 's already in the trash . I found it very uncomfortable , almost like a soft knee in my back , and tried several adjustments . Even cut some of the foam out but it was still way too much . Now looking for something adjustable .
 I rarely give an item a one star but this is cheap , not firm -LRB- which I want and need for good lumbar support -RRB- , I returned the next day via Prime Membership here . It was awful . Sometimes you get a goodproduct at a bargain and sometimes what you pay for , this was the later ...
 This back cushion appeared to have the lumbar support that was mentioned in the description . Actually , it has `` flaps '' on either side but is flat in the middle -- NO lumbar support . In my opinion this is not a quality product . I would not recommend it because it serves no purpose .
 I found the brace to be too large to be comfortable . It would not `` sink '' into any seat that I sat into except the couch . It helped a little and was inexpensive so it may be worth trying for the money . But it did not work for me . It would work better if it was a few inches shorter and acted primarily as a lumbar support .
 The pen is cheap , the pen holder has already torn , and the paper tears off too easily . Save your money .
 Had these for awhile now -LRB- at least a year -RRB- . They charge up , but only last a short time in what ever you put them in -LRB- flashlight , radio etc. -RRB- , and if you charge them and let them sit , in a couple of weeks they are almost completely dead and will only last 2 min . in use . HAD PROBLEMS WITH THESE GUYS !
 I am using these batteries for my wireless mouse . After hours of charging , they last just one day of occasional uses !!!
 I purchased 8 of these and the batteries started out fine . Within a couple weeks they would n't hold a charge . Within a month they would n't even complete a circuit and begin charging in my rayovac charger .
 Do n't buy these if you do not have the special charger for them . I tired a regular charger and got nothing .
 Got two packages , each with 4 batteries . The first one failed to charge 2 batteries and my charger actually got on fire . It was a new charger , and this was my first time trying it ... so I do n't know if the problem was with the charger or the batteries ... did n't try to get another charger or try the second package .
 I tried using these in my remotes and was n't really impressed . I would recommend the Rayovac Rechargeable Hybrid NiMH Batteries . They have been holding a solid charge much longer .
 I was a little dismayed that the advertisement for these batteries does n't state that you HAVE to have the special `` 15 minute charger '' to go with the `` 15 minute batteries '' . The regular charger takes them overnight to charge , just like every other rechargeable battery , and even then they do n't hold a charge for very long . With normal use they last maybe a week . Granted , we have been using the flash a lot so maybe that 's why .
 I have purchased and used these before in 2 digital cameras and they were great , purchased 16 more and then would not hold a charge for more than 2 days and they were dead without use . Returned to Rayovac and they send replacement batteris , but they did not send quick charge .
 THese batteries must be very old because they do NOT hold a charge very long . No Good . They do not work for more than 2 weeks with my keyboard and mouse.Still Have this Problem
 Donating my charger & batteries to a charity thrift store . Batteries charge in 15 minutes as advertised . Batteries are so hot after charging that you can not hold them in your hand - or put them in a camera for quite a while . Major reason I do not like them is that they rapidly auto-discharge - i.e. they go dead on the shelf within a matter of a week or usually less . Capacity is OK if you use them immediately after charging . I have Rayovac hybrid AA 's & like them much better . Although they charge overnight , the batteries hold a charge for months on the shelf . This way I can charge them at my leisure & do n't have to worry about remembering to charge batteries immediately before using the camera .
 There are additional costs to this product to seriously consider before you purchase it for the first time .1 . High start up cost : The batteries need a special I-C3 charger and the batteries wo n't charge in any other charger I have tried . The special charger for the I-C3 is expensive . It also has trouble charging regular NiMH batteries - they can take up to a whole night to charge .2 . Product is not competitive : There is nothing special about the battery or the charger.The rating of the battery is 2000 mah and the battery charges in 15 minutes . I have recently purchased another brand of NiMH batteries that are rated at 2500 mah . They charge in 15 minutes on a less expensive charger3 . How long will the product really last?While the product indicates , on the packaging and in the description , that it will take 1,000 charges the manufacturer 's website indicates only 500 charges .
 I bought this product following a recommendation from a friend . He did n't recommend this specific brand or version , just cutting gel in general . Maybe there is one out there that actually does as advertised , but I highly doubt it . All I know is that this one specifically does absolutely nothing . It 's a complete waste of money and time . If I could give it 0 stars I would . DO NOT BUY !!!
 I ordered 2 bottles in middle December , started using them almost in January.When I got to the second bottle in March , I found out it got expired in February!Why would a good seller ship a 2 month supply of a probiotic that expires in 2 months?They do not specify expiration date on the site , so you do n`t know the freshness of the product you are getting.As for results - I do not feel any different.Also , I bought it for 6.69 just 3 months ago , now it ` s 23.99 ! Would NOT buy again from that seller -LRB- American Health Supply -RRB-
 I had been taking Bowtrowl and the probiotics for the last several years and it actually does a great job ... . With that said however , when I had my colonoscopy a few weeks ago , the doctor said that my colon was ` spotted ' and looked like a leopard 's coat . So , I got off them immediately . I believe the doctor said that having your colon discolored like this is n't necessarily bad , but he would have preferred to see it pretty in pink ! : -RRB-
 I have not tried Zetaclear , but that company sure seems to dominate the internet with their fake `` customer '' reviews . The guy above is no exception . Click on `` See all my reviews '' after the name above
 DO NOT TAKE THESE !!! After reading good reviews I thought I 'd give this product a try . I did n't have any pre-existing problems , and eat a lot of fruit / veg / juices and am pretty healthy in general but had heard it was good to cleanse yourself out every now & again.I took 1 tablet before bed for the first week ; and not much happened ; I then took 2 pills for a few days before increasing to 3 -LRB- the recommended amount -RRB- . My stomach started to swell and I had slight cramps . At the end of 2 weeks I looked pregnant ; had gained 4 lbs and decided to stop . I went on a fruit/veg detox for a week and thought I had flushed it out of my system . My stomach returned to normal and I lost the retained fluid weight.I then started eating more normally and had severe cramps for 5 days & had blood in my stools each time . I went to the doctors on day 5 but by then the symptoms had started to go down and she said to return if it flared up again . I was fine for 2 weeks , then they have returned this week . Unfortunately I ca n't get a doctors appointment for a few days by which time it will hopefully have settled down again . So I have no idea what is causing it or how to avoid it.I can not advise strongly enough against taking this product , certainly not if like me you did n't have a pre-existing condition such as constipation / IBS to treat . I 'm hoping over time my body will fix whatever damage these pills have done !
 I bought this on the internet hoping it would be a healthy thing to do . Instead , I just experienced some really bad cramping that I never had before . After going to the doctor 's he told me to not use this brand of colon cleanser . I tried to return it but never heard back .
 I was just looking for a cleanser to help impprove my health . I have tried a few brands , experimenting but this was the only one that actually caused me problems.I had a lot of bloating and cramps with this product . I purchased it on ebay but I dont think I will buy there anymore.I can not recommend this product .
 I bought this product because the reviews were great and after getting ripped off by the Almighty Cleanse I trusted a review here . However , after reading other product reviews I found the same person giving every product a glowing review . I recommend reading the reviews on all the products and writing the names down so you do not get scammed ! This product does not deliver . It does give you the runs even if you only take one a night . I also developed cyst like sores that left scars . If you need a quick case of the runs because your can not go ... . this is the product for you .
 Bought this from the Bowltrol website . Started with just two capsules to make sure I suffered no adverse effects . Good response to initial dosing , but after that suffered cramping and diarrhea causing me to keep the dosing low -LRB- not above 4 caps per day -RRB- . Went on vacation shortly after starting and kept dosing low because I did n't want to be running for the bathroom and/or making loud sounds at inappropriate times -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . I am now at the end of my supply and have been taking 6 - 7 caps over the past couple of days with NO results . In fact , my stomach is bloated and I 'm retaining fluid.Lots of positive -LRB- and somewhat suspicious -RRB- reviews for this stuff on the web . I , however , can not strongly enough urge everyone to save their money and try something else -LRB- I do n't know what , but not this stuff -RRB- . Since I only bought a 1 month supply and I have proceeded cautiously -LRB- for the reasons stated above -RRB- it is too late for me to get my money back . If you do opt to try this stuff , do a better job of keeping your eye on the calendar in case you want to return it .
 Bowtrol is a terrible product . Both I and my husband took this product and suffered for it . We did eliminate some of the parasites we came back from Africa with , but there are other ways of doing this . People who take this product and claim that they lose weight probably do so because their motility increases to the point that they no longer retain anything from their food - 6 or 7 trips to the bathroom a day . This medication made me nauseous and gave me abdominal pain so severe that I stopped after four days - and I was taking less than the suggested mimimum dose . My husband managed ten days on the mimimum dose but looked so awful at the end of it that people were telling him how tired he looked and asking if he were sick . Be aware that this product also has a psychoactive element to it . It will give you vivid dreams and will possibly make you feel anxious and paranoid -LRB- as it did my husband -RRB- . If you are at all sensitive to herbal products you can expect severe and prolonged diarrhoea , abdominal cramping , fatigue , nausea , anxiety and lowered ability to cope with daily stresses .
 I bought this product from the Bowtrol webite , -LRB- Ultra herbs -RRB- with a money back guarantee . The customer service line hangs up on you after 30 seconds , They will not issue a return auth . # . Do a search for Bowtrol rip off on the web and you will find countless people that got sick from this product , got charged month after month and got no shipments ... the product literally made me sick to my stomach and had to stay near a bathroom till I got it all out of my body . DO not take this product . It will cause your body damage .
 I ordered this ` Colon control ' product recently to reduce my diarrhea with IBS . The product made my symptoms worse and my stomach was so sick for a week . I had to wait for 3-4 days to get it off my body . DO NOT BUY this product . I am now trying to return it . Recently , I tried something else that is helping me hugely - COCONUT oil . I heard from a friend that the medium chain fatty acids MCFA in coconut oil is anti-viral and anti-fungal . I am having one spoon of coconut oil everyday and I am so much better . You can also use it in cooking since it stands high temperatures better than vegetable oil . It does have saturated fats - but no trans fat and it is proven to improve hdl -LRB- good cholesterol -RRB-
 First off you dont get the bottle in the picture . Once i recieved my bottle I read the directions and decided to start with 2 capsils the first night to see how my body reacted , the next morning nothing happend . So the next night I took 4 capsils and that morning still no BM so than i took 4 more that morning and again nothing . So after taking 10 capsils in 2 days nothing has happend ... I dont like to give bad reviews -LRB- this is a first -RRB- but these are very over priced and not worth it I wish I didnt waste my money but at least I have learned my lesson and I will stick with my 5 $ box of smooth move herbal tea .
 Triethanolamine -LRB- one of the ingredients use by Castle Forbes -RRB- has been associated with `` cancer , allergies/immunotoxicity , organ system toxicity -LRB- non-reproductive -RRB- , contamination concerns '' and gets a 5 out of 10 at the Skin Deep database for toxicity earning it a `` moderate toxicity '' tag . It is also a known skin irritant and contact allergen . Seems like something we should be working to ban from the face of earth , not smearing on our faces every morning.The ever growing `` Organic '' section in my grocery store suggests more and more people are begining to care about what 's in the stuff they buy . For example , Pacific Shaving Company 's allowed several Amazon reviewers of their All Natural Shaving Oil replacements when one of them discovered the formula had n't been all natural -LRB- the old product was just pulled from Amazon -RRB- . I chose not to buy a product I similarly found included a known toxin -LRB- even if it is a toxin commonly used by shaving cream formulas -RRB- and thought people had a right to know -LRB- perhaps , need to know -RRB- . Dr. Lauren Devill recommends avoiding Triethanolamine - -LSB- Google `` avoid Triethanolamine linked with certain cancers found in all kinds of beauty products '' or `` Dr Lauren Deville tucson citizen Triethanolamine '' -RSB- Dr. Samuel Epstein -LRB- Professor of Environmental Health at the University of Illinois -RRB- says that repeated applications of DEA-based detergents result in major increases in liver and kidney cancer . The FDA 's Chief Scientist , Personal Care Products John Bailey says `` the risk is significantly increased for children . '' - -LSB- Google `` amurie Triethanolamine Restricted in Europe due to carcinogenic effects '' -RSB- Rep. Jan Schakowsky -LRB- D-IL -RRB- introduced legislation two years ago to toughen safety standards for beauty products and force companies to report seriously adverse reactions - not required today as it did not pass -RRB- - -LSB- Google `` Schakowsky Malkan The Story of Cosmetics Campaign for Safe Cosmetics This transcript is available free of charge '' -RSB- For a great cream -LRB- my favorite and this opinion is confirmed by squidoo.com -RRB- without the poison tryACCA KAPPA 1869 ALMOND SHAVING CREAM 6.7 FL . OZ . 200ML . Also , check out long time classicsProraso Shave Soap , Sensitive , 150 Gram JarandJack Black Supreme Cream Triple Cushion Shave Lather -LRB- get the jar -RRB- .
 If you go to Rit 's website you can get Sunguard for $ 1.95 for 1 packet , $ 5.95 for 3 packets or $ 11.94 for 6 packets . It 's a good product , but you do n't have to pay this amount !
 I was totally excited about this product , as I have very fair kids . I was very disappointed after reading the directions that it is a total pain to use in a front load washing machine . In contacting the manufacturer , this is what they said ... RIT PRODUCT USE & FRONT-LOAD WASHER GUIDELINESGETTING STARTEDThe settings and options of various front-load washing machines vary among manufacturers . Even though there are slight differences among differing manufacturer 's wash settings , they are common in that they all introduce water to the tumbler once the garment is placed inside . They allow a time period to introduce detergent -LRB- or dye in this case -RRB- , and they all finish with a spin cycle.It is important to use the washer 's hottest water setting . Additionally , a wash cycle of at least 30 minutes is recommended to obtain a satisfactory dyeing.Because front-load washers have built-in heaters to maintain the washer 's temperature and the water to fabric ratio is relatively high as compared to top-load machines , deep , rich colors can be achieved using Rit dyes.DYEING WITH RIT DYEFollow the package or label instructions as you normally would . There are two exceptions to the package 's instructions when using a front-load washer . One , it will be necessary to place the wet fabric into the washer before beginning the dye cycle . Second , when dyeing with Rit powder or liquid dye in a front-load machine , it is necessary to pre-dissolve the dye into four cups of very hot tap water . Once dissolved , pour the dye solution into the washer 's dispenser at the appropriate time you would add detergent . After the dye solution has entered the washer , it will be necessary to flush the dispenser with another four cups of very hot tap water.In many cases immediately after adding the dye solution , the garment may have a mottled appearance . This appearance will become level as the dyeing process continues.ADDING SALTIf salt is desired when dyeing a cellulose material , the salt should be pre-dissolved into four cups of very hot tap water , added to the dispenser , and thoroughly flushed with another four cups of very hot tap water after the dyeing has proceeded for about 10 minutes.IMPORTANT . One package or one-half bottle dyes 1 lb . dry weight or about 3 yards medium fabric to a medium color . Never use more then a total of 4 packages or 2 bottles of Rit Dye . Depending on your washer 's brand , the dyeing may be slightly darker than the color represented on the package or bottle . . For most washable fabrics . Not recommended for 100 % polyester , 100 % acrylic or fabrics with special finishes , rubber backing , washable only in cold water or labeled Dry Clean Only . . Use Rit Color Remover before dyeing fabric to a lighter or different color.CLEAN-UPClean washing machine immediately after dyeing has completed using the hottest water setting . Since the machine automatically weighs fabric to determine the water level , be certain to place 3-4 old towels into the washer along with detergent and 1 to 2 cups chlorine bleach . Wipe spills with chlorine bleach solution . Plastic or rubber parts may be tinted but will not stain laundry.RIT FABRIC TREATMENTSAll Rit fabric treatment products may be used in a front-load washer . Like Rit dyes , it is important to pre-dissolve the Rit fabric treatment into four cups of very hot tap water and thoroughly flush the dispenser with another four cups of very hot tap water.IMPORTANTWhen pre-dissolving Rit Fabric Treatment , AVOID BREATHING DUST AND USE WITH ADEQUATE VENTILATION . . Be sure to follow manufacturer 's fabric care labels when washing , drying , and pressing . . Wear rubber gloves.With all of the front loaders being sold , I would think that they would develop something a little more user friendly.Also , if the item already has sun protection added to it then our product would most likely not adhere . It will usually adhere to nylon , but we do not recommend using the product on items that already contain a special finish .
 It is Buyer Beware all over again . Amazon is one of the first places I come to look when sourcing a product . But more and more I find sources like this one - Beauty911 or SpinBlessing - that are just profiteering on the customer base that Amazon built over the years . The pricing and the shipping costs can look more and more like the scam sites that set up on ebay . Too bad . The product
 You can purchase the book for $ 15 on Dr. Brownstein 's website and you can get the iodine for $ 10.99 or so . It makes me angry seeing what opportunists are charging people that are scared and needing this treatment at this time . By the way , the book IS a 5 star buy !!!
 Regrettably I had to wait for a UTI before I could write a review . I felt a UTI coming on -LRB- flu like symptoms and a fever -RRB- and I checked three -LRB- 3 -RRB- times and all three were negative . The symptoms persisted however and I went to immediate care and their test was positive .
 I bought this product as I have had a few UTI 's in my life and thought it would be nice to have on hand . Well , one night my daughter complained that she did n't feel right and the symptoms she gave me were the same as a UTI so I had her use the test . It came out totally clear and yet hours later we were in the ER and she did in fact have a UTI ! I will NEVER use this product again !
 This stuff is absolutely revolting , it takes like bad cough syrup . Definite waste of money . If you want to taste delicious try something from the kama sutra line instead , do n't bother with this .
 I wanted the Spiral Lift Ankle Support as shown by Amazon . Instead they sent me the new Comfort Lift . I wanted the one with the seam because the seam can go over the weak ankle and give more support as specified by my podiatrist .
 Who is Amazon trying to take advantage of ? CVS sells this product for $ 9.29 each . Drugstore.com sells the product for $ 7.99 each . This means for the privilege of doing business with Amazon you get pay an approximate premium of $ 38.00 . Do not waste your money on this one buying from Amazon . Go to Drugstore.com and get a competitive price .
 I 'm sure the product itself is great -LRB- I 've purchased Herb Pharm products in the past and am always extremely pleased ! -RRB- , but the wait just is n't worth it . I could find it somewhere else online and get it 10X faster . I ordered my Red Root on June 26th . Today is July 27th , and to my knowledge , the item still has n't even been shipped , due to some backorder problem . I needed this Red Root to help cleanse my lymph system ; I suffer from Lyme disease and get swollen , painful glands . Waiting over a month to get a product to help just does n't cut it .
 IT HAS A METALIC TASTE TO IT ... I DO N'T THINK IT IS STAINLESS STEELALSO IT WAS DIRTY , IT HAD SOME TYPE OF BROWN THING ON THE SIDEOF THE SCRAPER , CLEANED IT OFF AND IT CAME OUT ... WAS THIS USED ?
 Perhaps I have allergy to metal but I developed a zit like bump on the side of my lips . I cant say what caused that reaction .
 too sharp found my tongue bleeding from using this , I used it once and its put away somewhere . will stick to targets plastic brand .
 sharp end tips , and sharp blade . rusted within a week of use . bent and easily broke before i threw it away .
 This thing is loud as hell . I can hear it outside my door when it is closed . Also it has no power . It has 2 speeds that are only slightly different then the off position . Ca n't clean it well since it has many cracks and after using it twice without success a month ago the little metal beads on the top got some weird green corrosion . Do n't buy this if you are looking for something silent , everything on the package was a total lie .
 We bought this low vision watch for my mother-in-law as a Christmas present . Starting in February , less than 60 days after she started using it , it began loosing 2 hrs per day . I replaced the battery with no effect . The watch still looses several hours a day . We contacted the retailer , Magnifying Aids Products , and they were less than helpful . I would not deal with this retailer under any circumstances .
 I ordered the more expensive , and the cheaper tongue cleaners from this same seller . Both are exactly the same . Just buy the pack of 5 rather than these . I do n't get it . I 've used tongue cleaners my whole life . These are the flimsiest ones I have come across . Pretty disappointed to be honest . I 'd rather pay more for a quality product .
 Very poorly constructed . Difficult to get it to screw on straight , does not meet the pill with enough force to crush it . Threw it in the garbage .
 We have purchased this product in the past a it worked wonderfully . However this time this product does not work . WE have tried to contact the seller 3 times with no response . The phone is made for people with hearing loss and all we hear on this phone is static.This is one of the few times I have purchased a product from Amazon that was not a book , I do n't think I will purchase anything other than books in the future . Since I can not seem to return a defective product and Amazon is absolutely worthless in customer service.I would never purchase anything from this vendor again .
 Bought the Mirafone about a week ago and I am not happy with it . i am partially deaf and I wear two hearing aids one for each ear and it is hard for me to make out words and numbers with certain type voices like men voices and so tried the Mirafone and it did n't help me at all . I did n't like how everyone could hear my conversation and I could n't even hear it.My kids banned me from having the phone where company comes in because they do n't want anybody to see me talking on a phone that does n't go on the ear . The ringer however , is very loud and I can hear it ring and the light is helpful . There is no caller ID if your looking to have that . I also do n't like the fact that the phone does n't work with out it being plugged into the wall outlet . I have power outages all the time so this is not helpful to me at all .
 A very useless product . The audio its main feature is very bad . The product is completely useless . I would never recommend anyone to buy the product based on my experience with it . Thoroughly useless product . Never had a good day of usage with this phone . I hope no one ever buys this phone if hard of hearing is your condition .
 I were very dissapointed with this product . I have used two bottles , and have actually gained pounds . I am not leaner.This product have done nothing for me , but ad pounds.I would not recommend it.I will never buy this again!Don ' t waste your money .
 I 've used this for a couple of weeks and it does work . The reason this product works is the 833 % of Vitamin B12 and a little bit of caffeine . The remaining ingredients are all vitamins you can find in an average daily Vitamin pill . Save Money by buying Vitamin B12 Instead of Ripped Fuel which is 833 % of your daily need .
 The shipping on this took FOREVER , almost a month . When I finally rec 'd the item it was n't the same one as I purchased a couple years ago , I 'm not sure if they changed it recently or sent me the wrong one , but I would rather pay regular price and buy it at GNC or something than to wait so long next time . -LRB- IF IT WORKS -RRB-
 See nbc news :[ ... -RSB- lProducts recalled for having rodent contamination , rodent droppings , dead rats , urine ... and other horrors . There was a disgusting story on nbc news with former employees .
 According to my doctor , I had an allergic reaction to this stuff . I now have a much worse rash than the original poison ivy rash . Although the scrub and spray did seem to rid me of the poison ivy , I now am on medication for a worse rash .
 The product seems good enough , but I 'm dinging the rating because there is no ingredient list on the product page , and because once I got it I found out the the only thing `` organic '' besides the name is the raisin flavor !
 This ice pack does not get cold enough for my liking . It loses it 's coolness within 5 minutes . I would not buy again .
 I asked specifically for a product that was reusable . This product is not . It was solid and hard the second time I put it back in the freezer . I needed a product that would keep it 's ability to `` form '' to the area but this product does NOT do that !!!
 Since I have velcro bandage wraps , I was specifically looking for a cold compress that could be applied directly to the skin . Most every item on Amazon specifies that it can not be applied to the skin , but these packs are silent on the subject and note that it is `` non-toxic . '' Other reviews and summaries at best , imply , that they are safe to be applied directly to the skin . Not only are the adverts misleading , but the seller then refuses to accept returns on these items . Very disappointing overall .
 I ordered the product in the picture -LRB- 2x more effective than triple strength -RRB- but they sent me the old triple strength version . Then I had to go through the worst return process ever . So frustrating and disappointing . If the featured product is what you want , do n't bother ordering it from here . You might not get what you paid for .
 We have 3 other older children and had to start all over with baby items , so we recieved this as a gift . Our son has been very alert and active since day 1 and this seat was not for him . Every bath was hard unless there was someone to hold the baby in the seat , while the other person washed . Even if he was n't moving or kicking he still would slide down and to one side or the other until his bottom was hanging off and toes where up in the air ... in other words this thing does n't work , And he did make use of all his lung powers -LRB- he 's a screamer -RRB- he did n't like this seat at anytime during the newborn stage . He is almost 7 months now and has the bath seat that sits the baby up . Those seem to be the best and most safe , we have used them with all our kids .
 I bought this product after reading in several sources that it might help with acid reflux . I read a theory that acid reflux can be caused by not having enough stomach acid and food fermenting in the stomach ... but I think I might just have too much acid from anxiety and stress . I really liked that this product was in pill form , it was much nicer than the actual vinegar which I could n't bring myself to swallow . However it just upset my stomach if I took it while I was having reflux . I tried just taking it in the morning and I was fine , but it did n't help with my stomach . But who knows ... it may help you - I am going to try marshmallow root next .
 I hate the taste of Bragg 's apple cider but I know the Benifits of it ! So I thought the pills would be better -- still gross tasting but better than the cider
 I 'm really torn on this . I picked it up based on the other glowing reviews on Amazon and really looked forward to receiving it.The scent is pretty strong when you first put it on and it settles out to something a little more even and complex after about 10-15 minutes . I really wanted to like it , but while the scent is not terrible , it is n't great either . Sometimes it reminds me of flowers . Other times it reminds me of urine . Yes , really . On a positive note , this did do a good job conditioning my skin post-shave . This seems to be one of those things that , like licorice , you either love or hate . Personally , when it comes to aftershave/cologne/etc . I want something that is a sure thing or as close to it as possible , instead of taking a 50/50 chance that the lady I 'm talking to -LRB- or anyone for that matter -RRB- thinks I smell like urine . I used it 3-4 times to give it a fair shot and have n't touched it since .
 as far as I know , it is still sitting in a warehouse in New Jersey .
 I have been nursing a glass 12.5 oz bottle of Lilac Vegetal for about 25 years -LRB- yes , I only have used it occasionally , having quite a few other colognes/after shaves -RRB- , and have always loved it . I was nearing the end -LRB- I do have a few splashes left -RRB- , and decided to replace it with another 12.5 oz -LRB- plastic -RRB- bottle 's worth of the stuff . Well , at some point -LRB- possibly when Pinaud went to bottling it in plastic -RRB- , they altered the formulation , to its great detriment . The new -LRB- er -RRB- Lilac Vegetal is completely different , and quite unpleasant . It does have the faint odor of urine , as others have said -LRB- I was dubious without trying it myself -RRB- . The cost of this unpleasant experiment was negligible , but I am very , very disappointed.Why , oh why , did Pinaud have to change it ? Sic transit gloria mundi , and all that .
 Glad I just bought a sampler , I ca n't imagine anyone wearing this in public . It 's lightly fragranced with lilac , with a strong urine overtone . Smells like the monkey house at Brookfield Zoo . Poured it down the drain the same day it arrived .
 this aftershave literally smells strongly of urine . Yes , it does mellow out after being worn for 10-15 min , but that 's 10 minutes of feeling like you put urine on your face.I bought it after reading that some people thought it smelled like urine and others do n't at badgerandblade.com -- I ca n't see how anyone could think that this did n't smell like urine . To be more precise , I think it smells like an -LSB- ... -RSB- rest stop bathroom in summer . I 'd steer clear of this .
 This stuff has been around since the 1800 's . I ca n't understand the allure . I ordered some a while back , and I was surprised . The legendary `` tingle '' that you hear so much about is nothing but an alcohol burn , and the scent reminds me of a nursing home where the bedpans and underwear have n't been changed for a week . I used it a few times . I finally gave up , and used it to deodorize my garbage cans . The cans did n't smell much better when I was done .
 I had a Sonicare toothbrush for many years and loved it . The battery finally gave out and I needed a new one . Several of the new ones come with 2 handles but I just wanted the basic one with no bells and whistles . I purchased an ordinary rechargeable toothbrush but it is much heavier than my original one and although it shuts off after 2 minutes , it does n't pause every 30 seconds like my original one . I would take a pass on this one .
 The first couple weeks this product was awesome . Now it just shuts off for no reason in the middle of brushing . It kinda makes me mad because I waited like a month for this to be delivered and it 's really a let down . I would n't recommend this product at all .
 We purchased this item only a few weeks ago and it already has stopped working properly . After a full recharge it stops numerous times in the middle of a brush and then indicates that it needs to be recharged again after only one use . I went to the Phillips Sonicare website to try to get help and after two tries at using their live chat , gave up when no one answered . Calling customer service was abandon after they required serial numbers , date of purchase etc. that I no longer have easily available . The cost of this product is too high for it to have shoddy workmanship and then have no easy recourse for replacement or repair when it fails to work this quickly . Amazon 's return policy is also too limited for this type of product as the only way to return it at this point is to pay for shipping and then only get a partial refund . I want it replaced with a decent product , not to have to pay more.Philips Sonicare Hx5351/30 Essence , Rechargeable , Power Toothbrush , White
 I purchased a sonicare type toothbrush , from CVS that works super . I saw this on on Amazon thinking it would be same . first one I purhased for one of my sons . this one I purchased for second son and it rattles his teeth.Ken
 The replacement brushes were harder to find and more expensive than some of the other brands . In the long run , , this unit ends up costing you more than you might expect . The performace was okay but not the best I have used . I dont recommend this product .
 The product , which is my second one , is fine , with the exception that , although I thought I ordered it with , it actually came without the 30 second timer which is on some of the units . So I 'm stuck with a toothbrush which irritates me every time I use it ! Oh well , george
 I was ordering ONE tooth brush . Instwad I got TWO , I had started an ordwer and stopped but your system put in the order without my knowledge . Needless to say I was quite pertutbed , your customer servoce ?? finally allowed me to return both but then did not return all my money . REMOVE MY NAME from anything dealing with your company . Your questionable custmoner service is vey difficult to find out how contact . Be sure I will and have related my experience with amazon .
 I had no idea that this would only operate for 2 minutes . I have n't timed it and I think it 's less than 2 minutes and then it wo n't give another 2 minutes . Who in the world thought this was a good idea ? So , I 've spent good money for an electric tooth brush that I leave to charge between brushings but can only use for seconds at a time and then have to finish manually . Oh and check out the price on the replacement brushes before you buy , they are not cheap ! Really regret this purchase !
 My old Phillips toothbrush failed after 20-odd years . I intended the new one as replacement . However , one of the feaures that made it usable was its ability to warn the user when 1/4 , 1/2 , or 3/4 of the runtime had passed -LRB- four quarter sections of the teeth -RRB- . I was surprised to find this feature is now optional , and not on the Sonicare Essence.This opens a whole new world of potential discounts . Manufacturer can almost always `` save '' a small portion of cost by removing a feature . Purchaser can , of course , save even more by removing the item from her/his shopping list .
 I bought this in June 2010 and it now wo n't hold a charge . After doing some research , it seems this happened many times before . It might be the batteries but you ca n't repair it because there are no screws to open the unit . Bad design ! I bought a electric toothbrush from Oral B for less than $ 15 that lasted a hell of a lot longer . My advice is do n't buy this product !!!
 This is review of Philips Sonicare Toothbrush that was sent to replace the first one that I ordered . The first one stopped working after a short period of time , this replacement brush did the very same thing . I called Philips Sonicare directly , they ultimately replaced the 2nd one and it appears to be working okay .
 Yhe product was and still is great . Works well and does the job . But AMAZON this one time of all the times I purchased products made a mistake that cost me about $ 50.00 . They said the products was a rebate item but gave me the wrong printed rebate form and so I lost the rebate I expected to get on the sale . So it made the sale a bust . I was then and am now not happy about that senario .
 It tickels and is too intense . I called the company and they said it takes some time to get use too . It has been a month and I still hate this tooth brush . I feel like I am using a jack hammer every time I brush .
 First we purchased an e7300.The timer did not work and the unit would turn itself off repeatedly.Called Sonicare who confirmed it did not work and I replaced it with an e5300.The timer did not work and the unit would turn itself off repeatedly.Called Sonicare who confirmed it did not work and I took it back for a refund this time.I suppose these are good toothbrushes . I 've been using Sonicare for a bit over 10 years and never had any problems other than poor battery life . However , the above experience suggests they have some bad electronics or brush heads in the distribution pipeline.Or , now that Sonicare is owned by Phillips , quality has been compromised . It certainly was in the last razor I purchased .
 First of all , nothing beats a good personal dental hygiene -LRB- daily teeth brushing and flossing -RRB- and regular cleaning by dentists.I too was under the marketing spell back in 2004 and bought one through the recommendation of a dentist . His office waiting room had a lot of Sonicare promotes and so did many other dentists . Its benefits really depends on who you ask , industry supported lab tests are obviously biased.Its battery ca n't be replaced what so ever and unlike computer industry , sonicare does n't have a recycle program to deal its toxic products . So many just go to landfill or ship oversea to be burn out in the open -LRB- youtube `` e waste '' and watch the horror -RRB- . Sure , it 's not happening in your backyard . We live in a big bubble , what goes around comes around.Electronic disposable product is a great revenue generator for the company at the cost of consumers and environment . It costs more for company to put in water proof battery door and less sales when a electronic tooth brush can last 3 + years with a replaceable battery . Instead of buying a 10-15 dollars replaceable battery , we have pay 60-80 dollars for a brand new one every 6-12 months.Bottom line , business is all about demands and supplies . If there 's no demands for disposable toxic products , then companies wo n't make them . Save your money and do your part by living sustainably .
 The original 4300 series was wonderful . Very difficult to locate . Anyway , this model is horrible . There is no power to the brush . I could buy a battery operated one for the features of this model . The brush is soft and small . It does not clean well . The only good feature is the 60 second timer which in order to clean your teeth properly you must go way beyond that time . I bought it on sale hoping it would be comparable to original version but it 's not . It 's a waste of money .
 I RECEIVED THIS `` TOOTHBRUSH '' AS A GIFT FOR THE HOLIDAY KNOWN BY SOME AS CHRISTMAS THIS YEAR OR SHOULD I SAY LAST YEAR , AS IT WAS ACTUALLY IN 2010 . SO IVE BEEN USING THIS `` TOOTHBRUSH '' FOR ABOUT 2 WEEKS NOW . FOR THE PAST 3 DAYS , I HAVE DEVELOPED A NONSTOP HEADACHE AND VIBRATING SENSATION IN MY INNER-EAR AND BRAIN THAT HAS NOT GONE AWAY AND I CAN NOT GET ANY RELIEF FROM THIS . I STOPPED USING THE TOOTHBRUSH THIS MORNING AND SO FAR IT HASNT GOTTEN ANY WORSE , BUT LEADS ME TO BELIEVE THE PAIN IS CAUSED BY THE TOOTHBRUSH . I CAN ONLY ASSUME THIS `` TOOTHBRUSH '' IS ACTUALLY A TOOL USED BY THE FAT CATS AT SONICARE TO TRY TO GAIN CONTROL OVER MY MIND AND INNERMOST THOUGHTS . GUESS WHAT , SONICARE , I AM ONTO THIS SCHEME AND IM DONE ! IM NOT GOING TO USE THIS TOOTHBRUSH ANYMORE AND GO BACK TO MY $ 4.99 CREST BRUSH -LRB- W / TONGUE CLEANER -RRB- . JUST A HEADS UP !!!!!!!
 I received the cd and tried to upload it into my Dell computer . I had all the specs that it asked for but could not upload or use it right from the drive . It is in the mail right now to be returned . I have always had very good luck with Amazon and will still be using Amazon.com as a website .
 I have owned the Phillips Sonicare Essence for approximately 6 months now . The toothbrush is fantastic for the way in which it cleans my teeth and makes my mouth feel like I just walked out of the dental office . The brush is powerful and provides a pleasant massage for my gum line . The recharging last for an adequate time and I 've never had an issue with having the toothbrush run out of electricity.Unfortunately , there is a problem with the design of this toothbrush . At first you wo n't notice , but when you do have to replace the head do n't be surprised to find mold on the interior of the brush head as well as in the unit . The first time I found this problem I thought that maybe it was me . Perhaps I got too much water in the head when I was rinsing my brush off or perhaps toothpaste seeped through the edges . I did a web search on sonicare mold and got quite a few hits . It seems like this is a problem with the brush design . I decided to clean out the unit and try with a new head . For two months I have been very careful , to not get the unit too wet -LRB- the brush does get wet when I brush my teeth -RRB- . I always rinse the head off with water and dry it with a towel after usage . So I was shocked to find after using the brush for a month that it again had mold on the interior . This is quite the problem with the unit design . I am presently in touch with Philips to try to return this product and replace it with something that has a better head to unit seal . Will update on how responsive the company is to this problem . I am not hopeful after our first conversation when the representative said he would investigate this issue . . and most of the time its due to improper usage ... Its a toothbrush . . I used it properly , , cleaned it and wiped it off after each usage ... Perhaps its a poor design ... Will update later .
 I was very impressed with the 4000 series and thought this product would be the same level of quality . The handle is fine but the brush attachment is a different type and uses a flawed design that should be recalled . The brush installation is clumsy at best and feels like those $ 6 battery powered ones . The worst part is that in use , your tooth paste , water , and saliva drips down in to gaps and a chamber inside the head . It then dribbles out these little holes in the side and down your sleeve , on your shirt in the morning , and has to be taken apart and cleaned every few days .
 This is the most unsanitary electric toothbrush I 've ever used . Red gelatinous moldy stuff grows in the compartments . Very difficult to clean . '' I 've been using Sonicare since 1994 . This was a new model to replace the one I 'd been using for quite a while , until the rechargeable battery died . Never had a problem with mold and bacteria on that electric toothbrush . '' So , this new one is very disappointing and disgusting.I called the company to complain . I was told that you need to remove the brush head every time you use it and let it air dry . '' Then , you need to wash the complete unit every week with mild soap . '' Way too much maintenance for me ! And with all of that , I would not trust that I could keep it clean . '' I found out they have since redesigned these flaws , but they would not offer me a discount or replacement , or anything to try to keep a long-standing customer . Philips bought this product from its creator . Philips ruined it . '' I will no longer purchase Sonicare products from Philips .
 Ever since philips bought out sonicare it 's obvious that their manufacturing has gone to the lowest bidder -LRB- in china -RRB- . They are nothing but high priced disposable junk now - -LRB- 189.00 flexcare + on my third replacement in less than 8 months -RRB- . My last sonicare , prior to the flexcare + died right after the warranty expired . I have to say , I 'm finally done with them ... . I 'm going back to oralB . What a shame , use to be a great product till philips got involved .
 Purchased this toothbrush just over two years ago . It cleans your teeth very well , as pointed out in many reviews . However , just after passing the warranty period -LRB- 2 years -RRB- the rechargeable battery has died and will no longer hold a charge . I called Philips customer service -LRB- after receiving no response to my inquiries via email -RRB- and they were completely unwilling to assist in any way because the toothbrush was out of the warranty period . I asked the customer service rep if this was a manufacturing defect or if it was unusual . She said she receives this type of call all day long , every day , regarding battery failure . She said it generally fails before 3 years . The price for this toothbrush -LRB- as well as replacement heads -RRB- does not justify a useful life of only 2 years .
 I 've had my Sonicare for several years , replacing heads as needed . The last head I purchased had evidently been redesigned as water , saliva , toothpaste , etc. , wind up inside the toothbrush . I was n't expecting this , just regularly unscrewed the two pieces and wiped off as I did with the previous head - not knowing that there was a large amount of mold growing underneath the brush itself . I called Sonicare and a representative told me that I could remove the brush and clean there which I did . Not good enough . At least once a day , the whole thing has to be disassembled , cleaned , and dried - a process that takes longer than brushing my teeth - as the mold grows where you ca n't see or reach . If you 're not aware of this flaw , please run a q-tip up inside the brush part - you might be amazed and disgusted .
 Mold , scum , bacteria , germs , and other filth accumulates in the deep crevices of the handle and toothbrushes in this unsanitary design . It is impossible to scrub off the unsanitary accumulations as these are in deep unaccessible out of sight crevices . Each time you brush your teeth you put this filthy unhealthy cr * p in your mouth .
 Need I say more than it quit holding a charge in less than 2 months ? After 30 days , you have to contact Phillips directly for service or exchange . We 'll see how that goes , but for now my teeth are n't as clean , I 'm sure . Yuck .
 I had a Sonicare Elite years ago . It lasted 5 + years . I replaced it with this model 1 year ago this month . This model is now dead . It never held a charge for more than a few days and now it wo n't hold a charge for more than 30 seconds . The Elite model held a charge for weeks ! The Sonicare is a great toothbrush , but this cheap model dose n't last long .
 Purchased this as a Christmas present for my husband . He has used it only a few times , and it will probably be sent back for the money-back guarantee . He finds the brushing too harsh and painful for his teeth .
 Not what I thought I was buying , does not make a noise every 30 seconds like mine to change the brushing area .
 I received this excellent toothbrush from Amazon today - while I love the toothbrush , I was planning on giving this as a gift , but it arrived as it was shipped from Phillips to Amazon
 We had a previous Sonicare and liked it till it died . This model however is not easy to use . The screw on top is difficult to attach -- something seems misaligned . I suspect that Sonicare has cheapened it down and will not buy another .
 the tooth brush is too small and the plastic part hits the gums real hard while it vibrates so it is not worth the money you pay for
 We have had 2 Sonicare toothbrushes and the on/off switch stopped working on both handles over the course of 2-3 years . The company would not replace the 2nd one saying it was outside their warranty limit . We were told when the first one stopped working that it was a problem they were having , so we thought it would be covered as a faulty design or part , but no , Sonicare wo n't do anything . We bought a Braun at the same time and it is still working beautifully . We will no longer buy any Philips products as we do n't feel that they stand behind their products . You 'll notice that there is another one-star review here that had the same on/off problem . It 's a good product as long as it works , and our experience is that it breaks down .
 Before I say anything about the way this is listed I do want to say the product is a good product . This is just advertised falsely as new when it is used.If you look at the pictures one of them says this `` Only the charger is used for a couple of times . Otherwise brand new ! `` Sorry , but if the charger was used for a couple of times , it 's not `` brand new '' it 's USED . I was ready to buy this when I saw that notation . I ended up buying this on eBay for less money than Amazon has it listed for now.Amazon shows it 's condition as new and I let them know what the image said weeks ago and they agreed it 's not new but they still have it listed as `` NEW '' . It 's a bit confusing if it says it 's sold by Amazon and yet it has been open and used . This has got to be sold by some individual.I do n't want to purchase something as personal as a toothbrush if someone has touched it and apparently they have if the charger was used.If that picture with the notation does n't belong to this particular item , it should be removed as not to make people think it 's a used product.This makes me wonder how many other items have been open and used but listed as new and as sold by Amazon .
 Boooooo ! After 6 months my battery no longer charges . I called Sonicare and did a &#34; reset &#34; on the product without luck . I must have been stuck with a bad one .
 brush heads WAY too expensive and are worn out in a month , not three , as they claim . Also handle cavity gets red mildew down in it , is hard to clean . I intend to get another Cybersonic . my first lasted many years and brush heads cost much less .
 I bought a pair of these for my wife and me . We heard so many good things about these toothbrushes.We began using them and found that over a short period of time , our plaque actually increased and was beginning to become tartar ! My wife started supplementing her dental hygiene routine with a manual toothbrush and this helped a bit . However , we both felt this practice of using the manual toothbrush to supplement daily brushing was ridiculous.You might have a different experience . If you end up being like us ... keep in mind that while Amazon has a thirty day return policy , Phillips actually has a 90 day return policy . I submitted a claim to Phillips , returned both toothbrushes -LRB- postage paid by Phillips -RRB- and got back the full price I paid Amazon via a check we receive in about two weeks.Take 'em for a spin , they may work perfectly for you . If not , you can rely on both Amazon and Philips to stand behind this product . You really do n't have anything to lose .
 I have been disppointed with its battery life . Have to be constantly on charger and still shuts off sometimes within seconds .
 It was a disappointment when I first used my new Sonicare 5300 toothbrush . It does not have the 30 second reminders like my former toothbrush had . It is usable - and certainly I would not return it after I had used it . I wish Amazon would that information available to all prospective customers .
 I 've had the same kind of toothbrushes for the past several years , and decided to buy another one . This one started working fine but after 30 days or so completely died . Amazon said the window of opportunity closed before I could return it so now I 'm stuck .
 I would give more stars seeing that I 'm a repeat customer but the brush head was missing and since I purchased before Thanksgiving for XMAS it was past the seller feedback period . That 's a raw deal!I have extra heads so it 's not a show stopper . The Sonicare is a fantastic brush with superior cleaning and recommend it highly . Just be careful not to go beyond 30 days prior to opening it or you luck out if anything is wrong with your order.Philips Sonicare Essence Power Toothbrush
 I regret not listening to other buyers ' comments . I went for this cheaper model and it is disgusting because of the screw-on design . Then I had to spend $ 17 more for a rubber cover to fix this problem . Do yourself a favor , pay a bit more and get the flex-care design instead .
 I 'm pleased with the actual ability of the brush , but I 've been using the product since December after using an Oral B that ended up braking after several years and I am displeased with the cleanliness of the brush head . After using the brush head for a few weeks , it gets this really gross pinkish film inside the plastic cover of the brush head that ends up leaking onto the brush head holder and it also starts to smell . Now , I 'm rinsing the brush head after each use and simply placing it on its stand . What happens after that , I 'm unsure of . It 's actually really disgusting that I 'm brushing my teeth with a smelly tootbrush head . I 'm wondering if others have this same issue .
 Excited to get this toothbrush at such a good price . It worked really well the first couple of weeks -LRB- it remained on the charger per instructions when not in use -RRB- . Took it on a several-day trip with me , sans charger , as manual indicates it holds about a two week charge for normal use . Used twice on the trip and then , went to use it a third time ... zip , zilch , nada . Completely dead . Put it on charger when I got home . Still no signs of life . Fini . When I first received this unit , I noticed there did n't seem to be any waterproofing where the brush head meets the handle , so perhaps it is a design flaw or simply bum luck.I 've switched to zee German-madeOral-B Professional Care SmartSeries 5000 Electric Rechargeable Power Toothbrush 1 Count . MUCH more money , but great reviews . And hey , Germans know how to make durable , lasting stuff .
 The toothbrush does leave your teeth feeling very clean after use . But it is SO loud and violent.I only use it for a week and it hurt my gums in one area and I have to avoid brushing there.I keep going back to the starters mode to have it more bearable.I am trying to understand if I got a defective unit , or if this toothbrush is just too much for my gums . I was using ORAL-B Sonicare for 3 years without any issues.Would be interested to hear from other customers about their experience . At this point I 'm afraid that it might be just too rough and maybe dangerous too keep using it .
 This purchase was a replacement of a prior purchase of this Philps Sonicare toothbrush . These are not cheap and my first one lasted about 13 months . I called the company directly and they refused to replace or repair their product . I purchased another because we bought a set of these and all the attachment/brushes and charger bases . The brush does do a good job but wears out quckly and the company must be aware of this since they have a flat-out `` no '' on repair/reurn requests.In the future I will not buy any Philips products .
 UGH . I was trying to figure out what the smell was that had crept up in my bathroom . It smelled like stale toothpaste mixed with mold , soap scum , dried blood , and baked flesh . I thought the drain had gone disgusting , but after a round of vinegar and hot water , the smell lingered . I cleaned the entire bathroom , but the smell remained . Finally , it was time to change my brush head , and I opened up the toohtbrush to what can only be described as Lovecraftian horror staring back . The smell blasted me in the face like a slaughterhouse baking in the August sun . I vomited everywhere , dropping the brush and weeping.This flawed design makes it so that toothpaste , saliva , mouth blood , and other effluvium collect inside the brush , which eventually becomes a foul-smelling , blackened goo filled with mold . DISGUSTING . It 's hard as hell to clean out , because the inside of the brush forms a nice jar where the inside is larger than the outside , and it 's nice , and deep , and has a narrow opening . It took a box of q-tips , a jar of alcohol , and a priest just to get it cleaned ... all while knowing that it 's just going to happen again .
 I do n't know whether there is something wrong with the particular toothbrush I received or with this series in general , but there are so many things I do n't like about it . The first and most serious problem is that the whole toothbrush vibrates like crazy when I use it ! And let 's say you want to take it out while switching to the other side of the mouth -LRB- though I know you are supposed to keep your mouth shut the whole time , but how ? -RRB- , it will make a huge mess and splash the toothpaste all over the counter and mirror . I also notice that the top and bottom parts of my toothbrush do not align perfectly . There is a slight gap between the two , no matter how I try to carefully screw them together . The last problem , which several other users have pointed out -LRB- esp . those that gave it a one star -RRB- , is that water does get into the compartment . I do n't want to wait for a few months and see nasty mold growing inside , so I 'm returning it now ! I will stick with my $ 10 Arm & Hammer Spinbrush , which works much better !
 Sonicare brushes are great but this one the battery died after only one day of not being on the charger . We got a replacement and it seems to be working better .
 This toothbrush does an okay job with teeth and gum brushing but it is DIRTY ! I take the top off after my twice a day use and rinse it out in hot water . I replace the two parts in their proper places each time . Weekly , I separate the parts of the brush head to clean it and inside is the slimiest black stuff ... stuff I have seen inside a sink drain . I had to use another toothbrush and a q-tip to clean it . I would never recommend this brush nor would I buy it again . I am going to try to spray the insides with a weak bleach solution to see if it cuts down on the black slime . ICK !
 After reviewing the product before I purchased it about 18 months ago I decided to switch to a Phillips Sonicare when my Bruan quit after 10 yrs !!! At first I loved the Sonicare with it 's incredible brushing power and the sleek design , but then I noticed a few things . The biggest problem is that it builds up some very nasty `` goo '' when you take the brush head off and it 's hard to clean . I do n't know about you but I do n't want to take my toothbrush apart and clean it after every use . That is not why I spend that kind of money . I only had to clean my old toothbrush about once a month if that . The replacement heads are expensive also and they only last for about 3 months . Ultimately my Sonicare just up and died last week after only 18 months of use . Some on here have said that if you keep it plugged in all the time that the battery will go bad ? Again why do I spend this much money if I have to constantly give my toothbrush this much attention ? As for me I am going back to my old Braun , which is sold here on Amazon still . I will take 10 yrs of use any day over this brand .
 the Amazon site stated the Sonicare was `` new '' but when it arrived , it was not or in any factory packing . The Sonicare and components were simply placed loosely in the packing cardboard box . This was not sanitary ! Not the usual quality for Amazon .
 MY TEETH DO N'T FEEL CLEAN AND IT IRRITATES MY GUMS . THE ITEM IS REALLY TOO LONG TO EFFECTIVELY GET TO ALL AREAS THAT YOU SHOULD BE CLEANING . DO N'T USE VERY MUCH .
 Disappointed , since I thought my other brushhead which I have bought in stock can be used , but its does not .
 Purchased a Philips Sonicare toothbrush and each timeI use it I have to take it apart to clean it becausewhere the unit screws together has no seal and alwaysleaks . Therefore the inside of the unit becomes filthy.By the time my wife discovered hers it had mold in it .
 I 'm replacing an old Sonicare Elite which I have loved using for over 10 years . It 's finally too grungy to get clean . The biggest disappointment with this one , is no 30 second interval beeping , which I LOVED about my Sonicare . I ca n't even find the Elite now and why do companies change a good thing ? I also do n't like the handle . It 's fatter/wider circumference than my old Sonicare and uncomfortable to hold . I was excited to buy this plus the little shields that go with it , but I 'm returning it and going to research others . The Elite was sleek , simple , quiet and just right , plus did n't look like a video game or tv changer . At this point , I may go with the competition .
 I love the brush action of this product . Works great . Recommended to me when I wore braces , and it was the easiest way to keep my teeth clean with all of the equipment.WARNING . You have to constantly clean under the brush head . The replaceable heads do not seal to the battery unit . You have to remove and rinse the inside of the unit weekly to prevent mold . If mold does develop , you might as well give up an buy a new unit . Not what you want from an expensive toothbrush.I have kept replacing the brush , but it is frustrating .
 Pros : * Cleans pretty well around the gum line * Long charge * Carrying caseCons : * Retraining how you brush * Grows fungus inside * Hard to cleanRecommendation : * Sonicare Hx6510 - Better handle and head design * Oral B Pro Care 1000for better scrubbing without the ultrasonic tickle.Narrative : These work fine , but it 's there to show off inductive transmission.The head is not waterproof , and can only partially be dismantled without breaking it.The head will build up mold and mildew on the rubber parts , and goo/crud/fungus on the plastic and metal parts.You can clean this to a point , but ultimately , you have to replace the heads , not because of the bristles , but because of the unsanitary growth inside.Except , replacing the head does n't sanitize the handle . The handle has crevices for drainage of handle goo that will fill with fungus also . These are small and thin and can not be cleaned . As such , the handle will always be unsanitary.If you soak it in bleach , the internal rubber seal will eventually fail . This could lead to a battery explosion hazard.As such , consider this design -LRB- the Essence and the Elite -RRB- to be disposable . Clean the heads deeply every 3 months , replace every 6 months , and replace the handle every 2 years .
 I 've been using the product for less than a year . I bought it to replace a very old model . It has started to malfunction ; it wo n't hold a charge , so I 'm very disappointed.The previous product had a 30-second timer to tell you when to move to a new group of tooth surfaces ; this product did not have that feature ; I was disappointed .
 When it worked -LRB- for 3 months -RRB- , it worked fine for the entry level , reasonably priced toothbrush that it is . Used it one yesterday and it worked fine . Today it is dead and will not take a charge . I do n't think it 's unrealistic to expect a product like this to last more than 3 months . Very disappointed . If I want it made right , it involves shipping back to manufacturer and waiting for replacement . Not worth my time and trouble , but maybe they count on that .
 The first Philips Sonicare was given to me 10 years ago for my birthday & it lasted for 8 years . Apparently due to enviromental concerns the previous generation used a different battery that lasted forever . Now the newer ones use a more enviromentally safe battery . . . only thing is the newer Sonicare only lasts a year ! I dont know about you but I am not spending $ 60.00 a year on a toothbrush . It would not be bad if you could replace the battery & you can if you have a workshop with solder gun . I ended up buying a Braun Oral B & you get four replacement brushes for the price of one Philips brush . The Oral B also has a bottom compartment that can be unscrewed probably to change out the battery . Anyway I 'm not gon na miss buying expensive Sonicare toothbrush replacements thats for sure .
 Part of the reason that I bought another sonicare toothbrush was because it had the timing feature that beeps to let you know it 's time to move to another quadrant . This feature only worked the very first time and has not worked since . Very disappointing .
 I bought this as my 4th Sonicare and was totally disappointed . It stopped working completely after 3 weeks and since it never occurred to me to keep the packaging , I 'm out my money . Unlike all my previous Sonicares , it has no quad timer which I absolutely loved . So maybe I 'm glad it died .
 A serious design flaw allows for water to leak into the compartment between the toothbrush and the base . I opened mine to replace the head and clean it out and it had so much black mold in it that I am astounded that this product has not been recalled . Some types of toxic black mold are very dangerous so definitely skip buying this toothbrush . I know my allergies were significantly reduced once I threw this product away -LRB- by the way you need to throw it away at an electrical waste disposal area not in the regular trash -RRB- .
 I have had a Sonicare toothbrush for 12 years . Justrecently , it does not hold its charge . Therefore , I purchased the Philips Soncare Essence Power Toothbrush and found it just does not hold up to my old one . After use , I rinse and clean the toothbrush , drying it with a soft towel and set in its charger . It leaks water and I 'm not sure where it 's coming from . I shake the brush part to get all the water off and there is still water in the handle , or coming from somewhere . It is very cheaply made and I will NEVER purchased another one .
 I recently bought 2 Sonicare Essences , one after the other . In both of them the switch broke . The first one worked intermitantly after about a month ; eventually it quit totally . I really liked the way it cleaned my teeth so I replaced it with another . Within a month number two would n't turn off ! Fool me twice , shame on me ! I now own an Oral-B electric toothbrush ; same clean teeth but with a switch that actually works .
 Do n't buy this toothbrush . Water gets caught in handle and drips all over your clothes when you brush your teeth . Also , it must be cleaned after every use or it grows mold . Customer Service says you are supposed to take it apart after every use and let it air dry to avoid these problems . Too much work for this brush . Shop around .
 For six years I was a very satisfied user of a sonicare toothbrush and a avid vocal advocate for this product . I bought this new toothbrush thinking I was getting `` a new better updated version . One would expect that after six years on the market a product would improve . And by the way my old one was still working fine and I passed it on to my son . How wrong I was . My new toothbrush is not nearly as good as my old one and requires a lot of maintenance after every use . I called the company and was told that I needed to get a more expensive model to get the service and ease of use that my old model provided.Philips Sonicare Essence 5300 Power Toothbrush
 Extremely difficult and painful to use.Brush head too big to get between teeth or in gumline.No instructions on how to replace brush head.Trying to remove brush head without instructions will break brush head.Impossible to tell which brush heads fit which brushes.Illegal to throw away with regular garbage .
 My review is for the `` e5600 '' which seems to be identical to this one but comes with double handles and heads . The other model is currently unavailable through Amazon and hence the review on this one.I switched from Oral-B 3D . From the first few days of use , both my wife and I -LRB- each independently -RRB- noticed we felt we needed to `` brush '' again soon after we were done . There was that little layer of food/plaque or whatever it was that just did n't go away . After few weeks and in spite of regular flossing and min . of 3 brushings most of them exceeding the 2 minute cycle , I found myself reaching for a toothpick to scrape the side surfaces of my teeth . I then ended up buying my FIRST regular toothbrush in over a decade to finish after I was done with this one.By the time it was time to see the dentist , my hygienist for 12 years commented she had never seen plaque like that on my teeth!I really really wanted to like this toothbrush after all the great marketing and hype that goes with this toothbrush , but the emperor is really naked . And no , it coud n't have been a defective brush because we have 2 handles and 2 intelligent users . One of the worst 100 $ spent on a personal care item . Please feel free to disagree and post your personal experience with it . I still want to like it .
 Think this would be a nice first electric brush for a child . My first Sonicare was a winner , it just woreout . Being a senior citizen now , totally dependent on social security with too much month left at the end of the money , I `` thought '' I should order this cheaper model . Big Mistake . Should have bit the bullet and splurged on a better model ; even the next price up should have been better than this one . If I had neverhad a Sonicare to have been able to compare the two , I might have been satisfied , but doubt it.Regret not being able to return it for a trade ; but pretty sure you ca n't return a toothbrush . Even thought about suggesting I take the head off and try to exchange the base ; but who would you write to?Trust me - if you 're an adult about to order a Sonicare for the first time , do n't get this one .
 Why do I keep going against my own impulses . . ? But then it is impossible to find some items that are stillmade in this country . The noise of this brush in my mouth was enough to drive me up a wall !!!!!! Tinny , highpitched and so bad that I turned it off ... . tried it again a few hours later , and it was really as bad as the firsttime.Please America ... let 's get back to making the things we use every day ! It is no longer a bargain when weare poisoned in more ways than one by outsourcing .
 If batteries had been around during the inquisition , the Sonicare Essence would have been a prime instrument of torture ! The nerve sensation in my gums , plus the high pitch noise , combined to make me feel like my brains were being fried .
 Philip electric toothbrushes work well . However , when they drop a model , they also discontinue supported the product with replacement heads . They will tell you it 's `` out of warranty . '' There are other manufacturers of electric toothbrushes ; I would suggest you consider them first . The replacement heads for the brush I purchased 3 years ago go for $ 200 from Amazon.com , and they are n't available anywhere else . I paid $ 100 for their top of the line model . Think twice before you purchase one of Pilips models .
 I received the sonicare for christmas . I used it three times , each time my gums hurt worse than the prior so I stopped using it on the next day . The pain and insuing infection lasted for weeks . I had to take strong pain killers , sleeping medicine , and anti-biotics . Almost a month now and I still have some numbness of gums and tolerablepain in a tooth.What I surmized happened was the product pulled my gum away from the teeth causing the intial pain , that was then followed by an infection and swelling . I have had two trips to the dentist and one to the hospital . It was a nightmare during the holiday season . I could only eat soft food until the anti-biotics reduced the swelling.The product is not adequatley described or provides good feedback that the mild setting was on . I may have used the harder setting . I am aware of many good comments and my dental hygenist recommended this product . I however do n't think it should even get 1 star because it is a health hazard .
 I have been using this product for just one month , and already the head 's bristles are falling out . Sonicare 's own literature trumpets that the toothbrush head will last six months.It is difficult to keep clean , as one must disassemble it weekly , due to its two part construction . I can not fathom why it is assembled thusly.I previously owned an OralB sonic model , but thought to give Sonicare a go , as they were the original . I am sorry I did.I can not recommend this product , and I am in the process of negotiating its return .
 Returned - unsuitable for Australian electrical specification -LRB- 240volts -RRB- . To purchase power convertor was more than the value of the items . We were purchasing from an Australian Address so assumed that the goods would be suitable for use in Australia - more warning regarding purchasing electrical goods from another country.Philips Sonicare Hx5351/30 Essence , Rechargeable , Power Toothbrush , White
 After 15 months , I am having trouble with the power button . There seems to be a random short in it . Some days it works ; some days it wo n't turn on . This product came highly recommenced by my daughter , so I decided to upgrade from my inexpensive Oral B . It took me a long time to warm up to this toothbrush . I found the brush head too small , and did n't see value in the Sonic action over the rotary action . I would n't buy this product again , and am now shopping for a higher-end Oral B.
 For the tooth-cleaning capacity I would give this 5 stars . But I am REALLY offended by the inability to change the battery . I am now on my 4th handle in 2 years . The battery lasts no more than 6 months and then stops holding a charge . So the entire handle has to be discarded for what looks like a rechargeable AA battery inside . Phillips - what a waste of landfill ! They make us throw out the whole thing for that ?!? Phillips should be ashamed to have such an ecologically unfriendly package . Phooey .
 My husband and I had purchased Oral-B Sonic by Braun Electric Toothbrushes a few years back . Never had a problem with them . My husband 's brush finally wore out and I decided to get him a new one last Christmas -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . I went on Amazon and checked out the electric toothbrushes . Amazon was having their Online after Thxgiving special prices and this Phillips Sonicare Essence Electric Toothbrush Model #HX 5351/30 was on sale . I guess I didnt notice that the last review was in 2005 or 2006 , that should have been my first clue , that no one is buying these toothbrushes . I read the reviews that were dated before that time , the reviewers seemed to be okay with their purchase of this toothbrush . So , I decided to get this one for my husband instead of the Oral B Sonic by Braun . BIG MISTAKE !! The design on the Essence by Phillips Sonicare is awful . My husband brushes his teeth 3 to 4x a day and there is black crud dripping from the inside of the toothbrush . When he screws off the top , there is this black crud , mold , whatever it is that is gross . We never had to to take our Oral-B Sonic toothbrushes apart to clean them and when we put on a new brush head on our old Oral B Sonic , there was never any black crud/mold that had to be cleaned out.I called the 1-800-682-7664 # and spoke with a cust rep named Josh who told us that after every brushing , the consumer is suppossed to unscrew the toothbrush and clean it out !! I asked him if he knew how ridiculous that sounds ? I then asked for his supervisor , and a `` Drew '' came on the phone . I repeated what I told Josh , that the tothbrush was still under warranty and I had went online to fill out the extended warranty info for an extra 6 months . I had asked for a refund because Drew said they couldnt issue a refund just possibly send another Essence . Why would we want another toothbrush that keeps black gook/mold inside it ? He said he couldnt help me he would have to send my complaint to `` upper mgmt '' and we would hear back from someone with one business day . Well , the one day has come and gone and I decided to write this review so other consumers will think twice before purchasing this poorly constructed toothbrush . This one should be taken off the market . Try the Oral-B Sonic brushes by Braun . We will never buy a Phillips Product again.By the way , if there was a zero rating for this product , thats what I would rate it as it does not even deserve a rating of one .
 The first Sonicare from Walgreens lasted over 5 years . This one lost recharge capability after 18 months . I 'm going back to Walgreens .
 Beware of Sonicare 's planned obsolescence . I bought the Sonicare Crest i8500 IntelliClean Toothbrush in about 2006 -LRB- retail $ 120 -RRB- but can not find a replacement brush head . The customer service rep told me the model was discontinued . He then offered me a 15 % discount on a new Sonicare toothbrush -LRB- ! -RRB- So much for their self-touted , `` sense and simplicity '' . I wo n't get fooled again !
 When my Sonicare Elite toothbrush -LRB- 7000 series -RRB- died after several years of satisfactory use , I replaced it with a Sonicare Essence model , expecting it to be just as good.But when it arrived , as soon as I picked up the Essence handle , I noticed it was heavier than my old Elite handle.Then I also realized to my dismay that its handle is smooth , hard plastic which was slippery in my grip . -LRB- The Elite model has a rubberized-texture surface where my fingers grasp the handle , making it easy to hang on to . -RRB- Finally , the width of the Essence handle was too thick , maintaining the same diameter all the way down to the bottom . -LRB- The Elite handle is `` ergonomically '' tapered , becoming narrower towards the bottom , making it a comfortable width/thickness where my hand grasps it . -RRB- So for these three reasons -- the Essence handle being heavier , too slippery , and too wide -- I much prefer the Sonicare Elite model 's handle because it is relatively lightweight , has a rubberized gripping surface , and is tapered narrower towards the bottom making it easier to hold.I returned the Essence , and now having found an Elite model , am a happy tooth-brusher once again .
 I had purchased this product based on information from my dentist on various electric toothbrushes . I had a coupon from my dentist and the company offered a rebate so I determined it would be worth a try . I have not seen any better oral results then a disposable electric toothbrush . The cost ended up being considerably more than I would 've paid and the cost of the replacement toothbrushes is quite expensive . I had intended on buying one for each of my four children but I will pass on that .
 I purchased two of these for Christmas gifts this past year . Four months later one of them is no longer working . It seems as if the motor has died . I am so disappointed .
 Five stars for the charger -LRB- works with my old sonic -RRB- ; 0 stars for the toothbrush because it wo n't charge.Actually , I just needed a charger for my old sonic toothbrush , maybe 5 years old now or perhaps older . I bought this thinking I 'll have the charger and use the new toothbrush when my old one dies . Wrong . My old sonic is still working fine . But when I tried to charge my `` new one '' I found it died just sitting in storage ! Never used . Past warranty.And CW recommends completely discharging the battery as key to longer life , better performance and it 's been completely discharged in storage . It worked on arrival -LRB- just charged and tested , never used -RRB- . It was charged a second time , by the wife , maybe a year latter , in error . And that 's it . It will not longer take a charge . So , maybe the quality is no longer there .
 I really like the Sonicare but the one I purchased on-line does n't have the timer function which indicates when to switch to the next quadrant of one 's mouth . The description indicates that it should have that so I was sold a faulty product .
 Not at all happy with this product . I made a big mistake purchasing it . I can not figure out how it can do what it purports to be able to do . I need a sound proof booth to use it - the noise of its operation wakes up the whole house.Please check it out before you continue to promote its sale and use any further.I do not know what to do with it . I have tried to think of some way that it can be of use to me . So far I have not succeeded.My personal rating of ` buying intelligence ' has taken a severe tumble.Perhaps I should have checked it out with a retailer before considering the purchase . I imagine buying with blind knowledge has its drawbacks .
 1 -RRB- Head shape is not circular like other toothbrushes , and is not as effective .2 -RRB- You must use Philips Sonicare head replacements which will ultimately cost you $ 40 + a year .3 -RRB- Design flaws will lead the product to get dirty easily under the head.I would recommend the Oral B Professional toothbrushes instead :-RRB- !
 Santa brought me a Sonicare this past Christmas.Didn ' t get around to trying it until a month later . Wish I 'd got one years ago!Used with some clover compound -LRB- silica based toothpaste -RRB- really shined up my 50 year old choppers ... But now it 's May , and the brush only holds charge for five or six brushings , then it 's dead.No idea what model since I did n't save the wrapper.Phillips is so proud of their product they did n't see fit to put a model number or any identification on it . It looks like the one in the Hx5351 picture but does n't have all the cack pictured with it , other than the charger.Anyway , I 'd have given it five stars a month ago . Now , with battery life that wo n't even last a long weekend , I ca n't see giving it any stars ...
 I bought this after careful research , it was great at first , then after about a month it would n't stay on passed 20 seconds . I do n't know what I can do about it , I do n't have the paperwork . . so I guess I 'm stuck , but you do n't have to be .
 My newly purchased Sonicare handle could n't hold a charge longer than a few days , so I contacted customer service through their ` online chat ' . I went through troubleshooting procedures with a ` Rafael ' and it was determined that I needed new handles . I waited 3 weeks and never received the replacements , so I again contacted them through online chat and had the same guy . He said he would place the order again , although he sounded somewhat reluctant . I waited 2 weeks and still did n't receive the handles , so this time I spoke to a live person on the phone . She looked up my case and says there was no indication that any handles were sent to me ! To get the handles sent to me , I had to go through the troubleshooting procedures again !
 This toothbrush is impossible to keep clean ! I purchased my toothbrush , after having had other electric toothbrushes that cost much less and was expecting the same ease of keeping clean ... wrong ! The toothbrush handle and the base accumulate so much toothpaste and saliva residue , that after a couple of brushes , the interior of the base has turned black . You need to constantly clean the interior of the handle of the unit ... there is a space , which holds a large amount of saliva.Now on to the toothbrush head ... I have been using the same head now for a little over three months . I clean my toothbrush at least once a week ... but this time I found that there are globs of toothpaste trapped inside the handle . Running under hot water and even using a cotton swab to attempt to remove the dirt did n't help . Quite literally the only way to get a sterile brush is to throw the entire unit away and use a different brand of electric toothbrush.I am very disappointed ... when you use one of these toothbrushes you will see what I mean ... they are a breeding ground for bacteria because there is no way to keep it clean .
 Other than the yucky stuff accumulating inside the brush head , the toothbrush worked well while it lasted . The biggest problem is the battery life . After a little over 1 year of usage , the battery could only last for one 2-minute brush . I had to put it on the charger every time I finished brushing . The fully charged battery wo n't hold power either , as it would become powerless after setting aside for just a couple of hours . For an expensive electric toothbrush , it is not acceptable for the battery to last for only over one year . I have replacement heads that are still in the package!Luckily for me , this happened while the product was still under warranty . The customer support sent me a new handle . I 'd like to say that the customer support was helpful . I had no receipt , but it turned out the serial number is printed inside the handle . They can tell from the serial number that my product was still under warranty . For this reason , I gave the product a two star , instead of a one star . But I can imagine the frustration of people whose toothbrush died right after the warranty expired .
 Works great for a bit then dead in 3 months . Looks like a common problem for this brand now . I will look around for another company .
 Got this as a replacement for a more expensive Sonicare model . Toothcleaning wise , it 's great , with one giant BUT
 I bought the HX5351/30 and you guys sent me the HX5310 . I did n't bother to check because I did n't assume this would happen but now that I 'm shopping for replacement heads I looked on inside of bottom part . Not nice .
 I am a bit disappointed because this toothbrush does not signal each half minute so I can move to next cleaning area of my teeth . I thought the literature said it did .
 The rechargeable system is quite powerful and cleans well however the replacement heads , which are recommended to replaced every three months , are around $ 10 each at Amazon or $ 15 at a brick and mortar store . It will cost as much as the original set each year . The e series brush heads consists of a brush attached to a shank with magnet pieces on the other end that vibrate around inside the handle base . Check out various equivalents at a brick and mortar store and look at the prices of different replacement brushes . The three month replacement recommendation is very common . There are systems out there with six month heads . To compare how much different ones cost add the price of the base system plus replacement brushes . Decide how complaint you will be to the replacement recommendation and calculate the two year cost of different systems . The more powerful ones do not use replaceable batteries and the average lifespan of these in my experience matches the two year warranty period on the better ones .
 I had the better version for just over two years and then unfortunately it some how short circuited and stopped working . I then decided to get two of these models -LRB- 1 for the wife -RRB- and with in 6 months one is completely dead and the other only last two days.The batteries in this model are hard to replace unlike the better versions which is mildly upsetting . I 'd prefer something electrical like these to last more than a few years . I 've got an electric shaver that has lasted well into five years.If I were to buy these tooth brushes for the rest of my life -LRB- every six months -RRB- I 'd go through another 140 ! something to think about .
 I have used the Sonicare for years . I was confused about the features and miss the timer which lets you know when to move the brush to a different part . This is the no-frills version .
 I previously owned a sonicare 4200 ? model . The 4200 was about 4 years old and would no longer hold a charge even after taking it out of the charger.Loved my old sonicare ! Brushes better than I ever could.My only complaint with the new 5300 I have is that the brush head bristles seem much stiffer than the older model.I searched for replacement heads with ` soft ' or sensitive heads but could not find any!Sonicare - how about some different brush heads instead of all the variety of toothbrush models !
 I am unhappy with this product . There is only one setting and it goes WAY too fast . The toothpaste falls right off before you can truly get going ! It feels way too rough on my sensitive teeth . I wish it had another setting that would go a bit slower .
 I had another electric toothbrush , and the battery was slowly dying . It would last an entire brushing session before I had to recharge it . When it started to die before I finished brushing , I knew it was time to get a new one . I like new things . I like experimentation . I 'm the first one in the pool so I decided to get something different . I got this.The brushes do n't actually move . The thing just vibrates , and the vibration of the entire toothbrush moves the bristles a little . If you press too hard , then you ruin the effect of the moving bristles . If you press too softly , then it 's not very effective . Plus the vibration tickles.Also the brush is shaped in such a way that it 's difficult to maneuver it into the corners and edges where you really need to get it . There are two size brushes , but even the smaller one is difficult to maneuver into those deep places . I did n't like my old toothbrush because the head was too small and it took a long time to get complete coverage . While this has a bigger head , the quality of the cleaning session is much less . I can use floss to get into the deep dark places , and overall I get a decent cleaning , but it 's not that great . It 's better than a cheap 1950s style toothbrush , but this is n't the 50s anymore . There are better products on the market.And do n't let the lower price fool you . Pay attention now . It 's only $ 44 or less if you get it at a discount , but they nail you on the replacement brushes . A couple of replacement brushes cost more than the actual toothbrush itself . They lure you in with the lower price , but then they suck blood out of you every time you get a replacement toothbrush . They say that each brush head should last three months , but I find that I need to replace it in about half that time . So do n't get this instead of a $ 100 toothbrush thinking you 're saving money .
 I have been using sonicare for about 1 year now . Right after I got this product , I noticed it cleans so much better than manual toothbrushes . Overall it left me with cleaner and whiter teeth.About the 2 minute smarttimer , I 'm a little confused about what it should do . I 've read some reviews that claim their toothbrush stops for 1 sec or so or flashes every 30 seconds to remind you to move on to the next quarter of your teeth . But for my Essence 5300 , it just stops after 2 mins and I do n't always divide it evenly on all my teeth.After using it for 1 year , the battery dead !!! At first the battery works well and can last on a 4 days trip . But now after one year use , I have to charge it on the charging dock every time I finish using it , and leave it charging for like 12 hours . Then it lasts only once and needs charging right after the next use ! It 's annoying because I have to keep my charging dock plugged in all the time .
 I agree with other reviewers who point out that the seal on this toothbrush is clearly defective and a terrible design flaw . Most people would be shocked to find that the collar of the brush can create black spots if the toothbrush is not taken fully apart and sanitized after EACH use . I did not have this problem with my old Sonicare that had an effective seal between the brush and the assembly . Go with another brand .
 Really horrible quality . I spent over $ 100 on two handles and both batteries were dead in just over a year . Used and stored exactly as instructed.Please spare yourself a poor purchase . Find an alternate manufacturer . Or , save your receipt for the 2 year warranty , you 'll definitely need it !
 Had the Phillips Sonicare Hx5351/30 a little over a year when I noticed it was not holding a charge for a week . Now after 19 months I have to charge it every other night . Do not like the handle as it is not easy to hang onto when my hand is wet . Brushes the teeth very good . Anoying when the charge goes out .
 I bought this item for my son , and he did not like it . I tried it myself , and found that it is noisy , vibrates too much . Waste of money .
 Do yourself a favor and buy the Sonicare Flex Care . The newer Flex Care models are an upgrade without the screw-on design flaw of this Sonicare model . This model has a hideous design where the saliva and other brushing liquids seep down into the inner mechanisms of the hand piece and pool up in a really disgusting way and requires you to take it apart and clean off inner crevices made up of metal and plastic parts . The new design eliminates all that slew of slime . This brushing action is fantastic , just like the new one , but this design stinks ... literally .
 Here are two things Phillips will not tell you about their Sonicare toothbrushes and heads .1 -RRB- The collar that holds the toothbrush to the handle will disintegrate in a couple of months . That 's what prompted this review , because they would not replace mine after it fell apart two weeks after purchasing a replacement.They manufacturer these things to disintegrate so you will continue to buy replacements - planned obsolescence . However , I suspect their China supplier is skimping on the plastic specifications and they fall apart in weeks instead of months . -LRB- Do you think China would really do that ? -RRB- 2 -RRB- UNPLUG your base until you need to charge the toothbrush . If you charge it up overnight , then unplug the base , the toothbrush will work for four brushings per day for about a month . Then , when it signals or stops , plug the base in to charge it.This method will allow your toothbrush to work for five years or longer . If you keep the base plugged in all the time , these NiCad batteries develop memory and will stop functioning after 18 to 24 months.A bonus , if you travel a lot as I do , you do n't have to pack the charger . Just make sure it 's topped off and you 're good for a month 's vacation .
 Although prior posts had warned this model of toothbrush is not sealed well and absorbs water/toothpaste into the inner cavity , I went for it anyway to use up a balance on my Amazon Gift card . Well , it completely lived up to its reviews . The toothbrush itself works fine , but it is really poor at keeping fluid/moisture out of the battery cavity . I have to remove the brush head after EVERY use , and rinse and wipe it out - a significant amount of water , toothpaste , ETC. sinks in no matter how well it is tightened . So , if you are the disciplined type , have at it . . it works well and my teeth feel great . But , if you are n't the type to open the device and rinse the inner base twice a day , choose a lower maintenance model .
 I 'm disappointed I 've used Sonicare for about 15 years . My latest one lasted about 3 years and then pooped out when the gree on-off button 's seal failed and allowed rinse water to enter and ruin the works . So I ordered a new one - a e5000.This unit arrived in a clear , form-fitting polycarbonate bubble , fully welded to create a hermetic and utterly impenetrable package . There is no way `` in '' except to take a very sharp knife and try to cut this tough material open without damaging the products within . The package , once cut , is razor-sharp . Much force is required to cut the tough plastic . I URGE CUSTOMERS WHO INJURE THEMSELVES DOING THIS TO SUE PHILIPS FOR NEGLIGENCE . I struggled hard to open it ... and I 'm a burly Engineer!They clearly are trying to make a package that , once opened , can never bereclosed ... thereby reducing returns . Its downright foolish and stupid.As for the product within ... yes , it works OK . this model lacks theinterval `` timing '' that all previous models I 've used had ... and there is a bright green LED that blinks off and on all night making my nightime bathroom seem like some rented room above an old bar room , with its neon sign outside blinking . I may change to another brand next time
 I needed a second tooth brush to travel with and not have to pack and unpack in between trips . You know how you always forget to pack something , so I got a second Sonicare . However this model does not beep or pause or stutter slightly every 30 seconds to indicate to the user when to switch quadrants in the mouth . I just have to guess and since I have used my other Sonicare for years knowing when to switch is not difficult to do ; however a new user would have trouble with that .
 These Sonic toothbrushes now come in some 10 or more models ; each with a bell and whistle that may or may not be the one you need for clean , plaque free teeth . Then of course , 6 months later it fails to recharge . $ 50 wasted ; you go find and ship the warranty repair.My dentist recommends it but only because one brushes longer . Save your money , rub harder and longer with less expensive toothbrush .
 I like the way it cleans my teeth , but the build-up of gunk and mold inside the brush is absurd ; worst design ever . If you do n't mind brushing your teeth with festering mold just an inch or two from your mouth , this is definitely the brush for you ...
 Although this product was rated highly by Consumer Reports , I found the sound of the vibrating brush shaft against my teeth very annoying . It is difficult to avoid the touching of the shaft against the teeth while brushing for 2 minutes . I returned the product !
 My sister , her husband and my wife has this toothbrush . I 've used it once . Let me tell you the problem with this thing.CONS :1 -RRB- . Brain drilling noiseWhat is this ? It this thing breaking the plaques on your teeth by sonic sound waves ? What 's this unbelievably high pitch super loud noise ? 2 -RRB- . Brushing experienceGillette Fusion Proglide Power Razor , 1-count Packageshakes and vibrates more than this product .3 -RRB- . The base -LRB- JOKE is on the customer -RRB- How can you keep this lame thing clean , when the base is build to make it fall . Who need that lame charging station that has no support to keep your toothbrush up ? It falls down even with the wind . So go pick another set of brush head because your blowdryers cable made your toothbrush fall on the ground .4 -RRB- . ChargeLasts almost once ... ONCE ! You brush your teeth and then it need charging which seems to be taking all night long.But enough with the CONS let 's talk about PROS.PROS :1 -RRB- . It 's a toothbrush .
 The design of the body impractical and unhygienic - it fills up with water and toothpaste and spit presumably , and needs to be emptied and cleaned . Yuck.Mine is faulty and the head wo n't come off -LRB- others have tried -RRB- so another waste of money after paying over $ 30 for the replacement brushes.Seems like it is soldered on!Think I deserve a refund to be honest or a replacement product/toothbrush . Braun Oral B is so much better .
 I think everyone using this product , or considering buying it should know the problem I found.Inside the joint between the brush and the body , there is a small empty space , into which water and moisture can travel from the tip of the brush because it is basically connected internally . When you use it , moisture is almost expected to be trapped in this space , unless you take the brush apart from the body every time you use it and remove the moisture and dry it.The small space is difficult to clean . You can probably insert a tip of your finger , but would not be able to reach inside corners to clean.What I realized was that the brush started smell bad . I thought it was the tip of the brush . But the smell was from this empty space . I could not see visually , and it was clean inside just looking at it . But it was pretty good spot where fungus would grow . I think I remember I noticed the smell before , but could not think of this empty spot inside.Realizing this , I now even think that this product is a health hazard and I got rid of it . Whenever you brush your teeth , you never know how much fungus and virus you might be putting into your mouth.The manufacturer could have done a good job to make a good tooth brush , but this is a common sense design failure . And many people might still be thinking this is a wonderful product using it every day . I think any product to be used with water that is difficult to clean is a bad product . There are other brushes I used without this type of problem , and I do not understand why the manufacture changed the design just for the sake of design to make this kind of mistake with no effort to cumulate knowledge from previous products .
 Simply a poorly designed brush head . My teeth feel and look cleaner than with a traditional brush , but I had mold under the brush head within 1 week . My wife 's began showing mold within 2 weeks . That is an unacceptable design flaw . The instructions state to remove the brush head weekly for cleaning , so Philips is obviously aware of the problem .
 I purchased this product at the recommendation of my dental hygienist . The product was fine until the batteries died and I found out they could not be replaced . The warranty is only for 2 years -LRB- the product 's life -RRB- , so this is a very expensive disposable toothbrush !
 I had owned an Oral-B Sonic Complete S-320 that finally was no longer able to charge so I ended up replacing it with the Sonicare Essence . The sonic technology in both toothbrushes is similar so there was no real change in the actual functionality of the toothbrush . I much prefer the sonic vibrating toothbrushes to the Oral-B vitality types that just spin.The one major difference with Sonicare is that the toothbrush heads are much larger and more expensive . Even worse is the fact that the way they screw onto the base unit makes it very easy for water to seep in and for really nasty smelling gunk to build up inside the handle . I 've gotten so frustrated with this gunk and with the toothbrush heads unscrewing themselves that I 'm going back to order the discontinued Sonic Complete and hoping that it will help me to get that funky smell out of my head .
 I had a Sonicare that died when it was 10 . I loved that toothbrush , so I did n't even think twice about buying another one . Unfortunately , I bought this product , based purely on price . I did n't even think to look if it had the 30 second-interval-beep feature because I assumed it did . It does n't and I hate it just because of that . Idiotic reasoning perhaps , but I know I 'm stuck with it for a few years now .
 This Sonicare worked perfectly for a few weeks , then all of the sudden holds no charge . I did nothing to it . I leave it in the charger all day or night or just for an hour - whatever I do now , it will not even let me brush for a full 2-minute cycle . I get to brush for about 45 seconds , then I finish off with my normal toothbrush now . Terrible value considering that it has a 3-week shelf life . I really wish it just had n't worked from the get-go , because then I would NOT have thrown away my 5-year old Sonicare , which sadly held a charge for longer -LRB- 2 minutes -RRB- than this `` new '' one.TERRIBLE product !!! Save your time and money and get a real one from Bed Bath and Beyond or somewhere like that.Maybe this is an aftermarket product with non-original OEM batteries - that 'd be my best guess .
 I really do n't understand all the good reviews on this toothbrush . It absolutely harbors germs and bacteria in many places . It is difficult to keep clean and I will never buy this model again . A complete waste of money !
 I 've had this toothbrush for a few years , and it has a consistent problem with mold growing in the head piece -LRB- they call it a nut -RRB- . I was told this was a common issue , and they offered to replace the toothbrush , even though it was out of warranty , and then spent three days trying to get out of having to live up to that offer.In short , the toothbrush is basically unusable , unless you like brushing your teeth with a molding , reeking toothbrush head . There 's a reason why they now sell a super championship ultraviolet cleaner for $ 50 . Philips customer service is just about as good . My wife has an Oral-B Triumph Professional Care 9400 , and it works like a charm . No mold issues there , and it 's a rotary brush just like the dentist uses . I 'd recommend avoiding the Sonicare like the plague , unless that 's exactly what you want to get .
 I 've used these for years , and I have no idea why I put up with them . Like other reviewers noted , whatever comes out of your mouth during and after brushing goes into the nice , warm brush mount compartment , where any microbes or organic material begin to grow into a red , grey , or black bioslime . This is a real treat if/when you unscrew the brush mount and take a look inside . Barf.I switched to an Oral-B Vitality for about $ 20 , and I 'm happy as hell . I 'm never going to buy a Sonicare again , even if they do n't have the slime problem , because I 'm not going to reward the Phillips company for their stupid design idea .
 Purchased one of these at Target for 39.99 in Aug 2011 . Philips says battery charge will last up to two weeks . Not true . Twelve hours max . until it is completely dead then takes another 12 hours + to charge back.REBATE ? Philips had a $ 10.00 rebate-refused to pay it because a `` discount '' was taken at the cash register . There was no `` instant rebate etc '' The $ 39.99 was a `` Target '' sale price . I resent the rebate back and received the same card from Philips - `` sorry no rebate `` Stay away from this `` product '' Before Philips bought out the original Soniccare , made in Snoqualamie , Wa . it WAS a quality product . Not any more . Back to the store it went.EDIT
 This toothbrush is frankly violent I was only able to use it 3 times and I didnt EVEN PRESS at all because its too strong and violent . My teeth arent even sentive so I dont know what the problem is with this brush !! Not only did it make a huge MESS in my bathroom on the mirror and vanity my gums are sore and after a little research apprently these brushes cause receeding gums , I UNDERSTAND WHY NOW . Geez this thing is BAD . If you have crowns or implants or even wisdom teeth I DONT RECOMMEND this . And now I know apprently neither does my dentist my dentist says you should use a regular brush then manuel oral B brush not this . BE WARNED . I 'm returning this today !
 I have had 2 of these toothbrushes . They do perform very well while the battery lasts . After about a year both batteries have gone bad . . lasting about 30 seconds after a 24 hr charge . . I was in the navy and am pretty quick about brushing my teeth . . 30 seconds just isnt enough . if the battery was replacable , I would give this product 5 stars . . as is . . 2 is best I can do ... No . . I will not buy another one till they fix the propriatary battery problem !
 bought this sonicare essence toothbrush in april 2012 and in july 2012 battery failed and product no longer works . . buy something else
 While the sonicare does keep my teeth much cleaner than a non-electronic brush , it wears out after only a couple of years of usage . Mine no longer charges , and the batteries which power the toothbrush can not be replaced . I like the simplicity of the essence , but would appreciate a model with replaceable batteries and a more efficient charging system . Moreover , the brush heads are very expensive . All together , I 'm not sure that the product is worth the regular expense .
 I purchased this item on March 6th , 2012 . As of today , June 12th 2012 the toothbrush will not hold a charge . Its presence in the charger goes completely unnoticed , no blinking light , nothing , it can sit there for 24 hours and nothing . I started to think maybe it was the socket so I 've tried different ones to no avail . About two weeks ago it started dying oddly fast , whereas before it was holding to the `` 2 weeks without charge '' claim it would need to be in the charger nightly to assure it would work . I 'm guessing the battery inside is now fully defunct . Now I 'm looking to see if I can return this obviously defective unit and thought I 'd start off with a candid review.REVISION
 This is our third Sonicare toothbrush . Not to exaggerate , but we can not imagine proper dental care without the Sonicare . This product however is a grave disappointment . It is definitely the lowest end of the product line . After a week , we have yet for it to work correctly . To make matters worse , we were so sure it would be as satisfying as the last two that we threw away the packaging right after arrival . Now we are stuck with a mal-functioning toothbrush and just flushed $ 50 down the drain . Advise ? Spend more and get a proper working product and SAVE your packaging .
 While I have no issues with the way my toothbrush functions , I 'm incredibly grossed out with how dirty this unit becomes . Because the vibrating head and the body of the toothbrush come apart , it allows water to collect in between those two pieces . Once I discovered that the inside of my toothbrush was a hot bed of fungal growth , I started rinsing it out after every use . This seems to do little to stop the mildew . I 'm on a plan now that I dump a little bit of bleach inside the receptacle once a week and scrub with Q-tips . I ca n't believe that there is such an obvious design flaw . If fungus on your toothbrush does n't bother you , then go ahead ... it 's a good deal . I , however , have stopped using this because it 's such a nuisance .
 The Sonicare Essence series e5300 is a great manual toothbrush , not sonic . I say this because when it completely dies anywhere from 2-6 months from date of purchase , you will be using it as a manual toothbrush . I use mine in the shower . It fits great in my hand and has some weight to it -LRB- from the non-replaceable dead battery -RRB- so it 's not as cheap-feeling as a flimsy plastic toothbrush . The bristles are also nice and compact and reach fairly well . The only downside is the price . At around fifty bucks it 's a little steep for a manual toothbrush , but hey , you get what you pay for right ? The build quality is way better than a cheap six dollar plastic toothbrush and replacement heads are only about twenty-five bucks per two pack . Find comfort in knowing that when yours dies -LRB- and it will -RRB- it makes a great manual toothbrush . Also , you can cut the electrical cord off of the now useless charger and use it for a cool-looking toothbrush holder ! The only reason I gave it one star is because it is supposed to be a sonic toothbrush , but oh well . It still kicks butt as a manual one !
 Phillips advised me that this model went into production in 2005 . I am personally disappointed as it does not have the Quad-Pacer function that many others do .
 Do n't get me wrong , this made my teeth feel wonderfully clean , but the vibration is unbearable . It is so strong thet I feel like my brain is rattling and it almost tickles . I read the instructions and other peoples advice to keep using it and `` I 'd get used to it . '' That never happened -LRB- even after a few weeks -RRB- , I just find it extremely uncomfortable . I wish I could tolerate it better because I love the cleaness my teeth feel , but I ca n't stand the vibration strength .
 After hearing many raves about Sonicare , about a year ago I buckled down and bought an Essence 5300 . I 'd been using a manual toothbrush and due to my aggressive brushing habits that caused me to get a gum graft on one of my upper molars , I decided to switch to a sonic toothbrush b/c of the supposed benefits . My dental history before this had been excellent and I exercise proper dental hygiene . I 'm in the 2 % of the population who have `` virgin '' teeth ... no cavities , no braces , good coloration and no wisdom teeth.I went in for a routine cleaning 6 months ago and experienced the only excruciatingly painful cleaning I 've had in my life . I have a pretty high tolerance for pain yet I found myself needing numbing cream and laughing gas to get me through it which is ridiculous . My dentist told me that I had heavy calculus build up and it required using a vibrating scrapping stick to get it off . My gums and teeth were sore for days after this cleaning . It was awful and I could n't figure out why my teeth were so bad.After mentioning that I 'd been using a Sonicare , he immediately told me to get rid of it and get an Oral B Vitality -LRB- only $ 20.00 versus the $ 80.00 I paid for this brush -RRB- . In essence my dentist mentioned that Sonicare was a marketing ploy and was nothing more than an ineffective , expensive toothbrush . The way that the Sonicare is structured , it 's very difficult to clean the back of your teeth , your back molars ... basically all of the hard to reach areas . The vibrating horizontal motion of the toothbrush is not nearly as effective in cleaning as a brush that rotates in a circular motion . My dentist has only recommended one patient to use Sonicare and it was b/c their teeth/gums were super , ultra sensitive . After this visit I literally walked right into Walgreens 2 blocks away from the office and picked up an Oral B Vitality.Recently I went to get my routine cleaning and my teeth were excellent -LRB- now that I 'm not using a Sonicare -RRB- . My dentist hardly needed to do any scraping and the visit was very pleasant . I definitely would not recommend this toothbrush to anyone ... save your money and get a Vitality .
 I got another one of these and it still gets moldy even though I clean it weekly . It is totally gross to think about all of this black gunk slithering around inside something that 's going into my mouth . I do n't know what my other options are , but I 'm seeing my dentist next week and will definitely ask her . It may prevent cavities , etc. , but they need to do something about the infection that gets in all of the different parts .
 The Essence feels like a member of the Sonicare lineup that 's only still in service to justify the markup on the next model . It lacks the quadpacer function of the rest of the brushes and it uses an older brush head that 's incompatible with all other models -LRB- not counting the child 's or the battery-op brushes -RRB- . The comparatively huge size of the handle is my biggest complaint . The Essence provides less functionality than its more expensive siblings in a much larger , more unsightly design . It looks , in my wife 's words , like a giant vibrator on the bathroom counter.I happened to see the Easy Clean in person after the Essence arrived . It 's far lighter , its profile much more resembles a traditional toothbrush , it does have the quadpacer -LRB- beeps to let you know how far along the two-minute cycle you are -RRB- and it uses the same brush heads as the rest of the Sonicare line . For $ 20 more I 'd have gotten the quadpacer and a toothbrush that I do n't want to hide in a drawer ... which seems to be the point , only Philips successfully upsold me on the Easy Clean AFTER I 'd pulled the Essence out of the box and can no longer return it . So I 'm stuck with the Essence until it dies , and I 'll probably be purchasing an Easy Clean for my wife in the meantime . Aesthetically she hates the Essence , and I regret having cheaped out on the base model.Two stars for doing what the product claims , but the Essence loses three stars for resembling a sex toy that ca n't fit the wiring for a simple `` beep '' timer into its awkwardly large design . In a world with the 6th generation iPod Nano I just think Philips should retire this old workhorse altogether . My teeth , for what it 's worth , feel great .
 I like Sonicare products , and my old Sonicare toothbrush - a different model - lasted for many years . However , this model lasted only 10 months - now it no longer holds a battery charge . And my window to return it to Amazon has closed . Does anyone know what the guarantee is for this model ? Unfortunately , I ca n't find any paperwork other than the order print-out from Amazon .
 Bought this toothbrush to replace the Phillips toothbrush I had for some time . My old toothbrush finally died and I decided since I had such good luck with my old Phillips toothbrush , I 'd buy another.When I received my new toothbrush , I discovered that it lacked features like a dual speed switch and a timer that my previous brush had . I decided those were things I 'd live without as I did n't want to go thru the hassle of a return.Mistake !! Initially it seemed to work fine , but then it seemed as if the battery did n't last very long . My other toothbrush would last several days between charges . My new toothbrush lasted less and less time until I just parked it on the charger everytime I used it . Then I discovered that the reason it stopped so frequently was that the switch was bad and if I held it down it would start and stop but I could manage to make it work well enough . Now it stays on and I find that I am constantly starting and stopping . My patience runs out long before I am done . So now I am back to old fashioned manual tooth brushing , while I look for a suitable replacement . Since I ca n't give negative stars I am forced to give this cheapo trash can bound brush one star .
 The inside of where the tooth brush attaches to the motor gets really gross . Mold gross in there constantly , and we keep it clean . The other Sonicare with the smaller toothbrush attachment is way better and does n't have a cesspool growing inside .
 We bought two Sonicare brushes for our household . After two years , the rubber covering weakened on the power button -LRB- on both brushes -RRB- and , ultimately , tore . Water enters and , voila , the brush fails ! I contacted Sonicare and they brusquely told me that I could buy their newest brush ! How nice of them . Despite the fact that many consumers have had the same problem -LRB- a design flaw -RRB- , Sonicare will not stand by their product and replace the brushes . I suppose they do n't care that we buy - bought - replacement brush heads every 3 months . Well , we wo n't anymore because I immediately ordered an Oral-B electric brush . We 'll see how that brush performs .
 I got ta ' chime in on this debate , although my experience is a very improbable case . These Sonicares , in rare cases , can damage your gums and give you strange symptoms that mimic heart or circulation trouble . Unfortunately , the instructions do n't clearly explain these possibilities . And most medical and dental professionals do n't seem capable of making reasonable connections between cause and effect . I recommend that you use any medical devices cautiously , and keep a journal of any symptoms and when they occurred.Despite the initial problems , I have used three Sonicares , continuously , over the past fifteen years . Unfortunately , it took me six months to find out how to SAFELY use a Sonicare . And it almost cost me $ 900 in unnecessary surgery . If you want the details , read on.If I could , I would give this SoniCare 5 out of 5 stars , but only as an example of dependable , low cost , design and manufacturing . However , I give this SoniCare brush one star , overall , because I have yet to see instructions that explain the risks of dangerous side effects and how to recognize them.I have not experienced the manufacturing and design flaws that others have encountered . Those flaws could possibly be random failures in materials and quality control . Keeping a Sonicare clean has not been a problem , for me . I remove the brush head after every few uses for a rinse and wipe . It is true that black mold will accumulate inside the handle , if it is not cleaned occasionally.I have purchased three Sonicares over the last fifteen years . Aside from the brush heads , the mechanical parts have simply not worn out . Once , a Sonicare stopped brushing , and would only hum . I found that the magnets inside the brush head had broken off . A new brush head fixed that . As far as I can tell , an oscillating magnetic field generated by the handle drives the magnets to vibrate , which in turn vibrates the brush . -LRB- I hope no one threw away a perfectly good battery handle when the replaceable brush head was broken , internally . -RRB- Recently , my fifteen year old model stopped working when the battery refused to charge . That is a very long life for rechargeable batteries . Of course , I follow the strategy of not overcharging , and occasionally letting them run down to no charge.However , I give this SoniCare brush one star , overall , because the instructions do NOT explain the risks of dangerous side effects and most important , how to recognize them.In my case , I started using a Sonicare at age 45 , after many years of nagging by my dentists , a group practice . Within a few weeks , I had strange sensations of hot and cold on my right cheek , and an aching jaw . Later , stabbing pains started to shoot down my face to my neck . I rushed to my doctor , because I had heard that this could be sign of blood circulation problems or worse , heart attack . She could determine nothing , except that I definitely did not have any heart or circulation problems.A week later , it occurred to me that perhaps the electric toothbrush was the cause . I called my dentist , but she told me that I just needed to keep using the brush , because `` I just had not used it enough '' to get accustomed to it . As she predicted , the pains went away . Several months later , I returned to the dentist for routine cleaning . Then , I was told that I had an infection under the gum , at a molar that had received a root canal and crown , twenty years previously . All five dentists examined the tooth and told me that I needed to visit a periodontist -LRB- gum doctor -RRB- , ASAP . The periodontist wanted $ 900 to cut away what he said was `` excess '' gum at that tooth . Again , the dentists and periodontist denied that the Sonicare had anything to do with the trouble.Suspecting that these dental professionals were just not reasoning things through , I went looking for another dentist . I found one who recommended that I NOT have gum surgery . Instead of surgery , he told me to try using the Sonicare on all tooth surfaces , except the cheek side of the tooth with irritation at the gum . There , he recommended using a soft , conventional brush . The irritation cleared up within a few weeks . His reasoning was that the tooth had a large crown that reached below the gum line , on the cheek side . Gum tissue will bond to gold or porcelain , but not as tightly as to natural tooth . Most likely , vibrations from the Sonicare were pulling the gum loose . The inflammation was not a symptom of infection , but the result of mechanical irritation . Further , this dentist told me that cutting away the irritated gum would probably lead to other problems as I age , probably leading to premature loss of that tooth and its neighbors . Gum recession is something to be delayed , not deliberately accelerated , with surgery!I still use a Sonicare , but not on that particular tooth , a molar . As I get older , I am getting larger deposits of tartar on my lower front teeth . A Sonicare seems to keep that under control , between cleanings by a dental hygienist.In conclusion , I recommend keeping a daily journal of your aches and pains and any new medications or medical devices that you start using . Medical professionals still do n't seem to understand the side effects of their individual treatments . And if you are using several drugs and devices , prescribed by different doctors or dentists , you are probably on your own , as far as figuring out what adverse interactions might occur between them.Be skeptical of mechanical , medical devices . Use them cautiously . You might be the rare exception , who is harmed by a device that has been `` proven to be beneficial '' .
 I have used Sonicare before and liked it , but not so keen on this one . It drips a lot and leaves a brown residue in the holder even though I clean it very regularly . Also disappointed that it does n't have the 30 second intervals like my old one . It works OK otherwise .
 I got this as a replacement for the Sonicare toothbrush I had been using for many years . I was very disappointed to find that this model does not have the 30-second quadrant timing . This may not seem like much , but I 've come to use and depend on that timer over the years , and I had no reason to believe that my replacement Sonicare toothbrush would not have it . I plan to replace this brush with an Oral B as soon as possible .
 Sonicare toothbrushes used to be good products but no longer ! I 've had an awful experience of late dealing with Philips . I bought a replacement toothbrush head for my Advance toothbrush that lasted only 1 MONTH so I called Philips to complain . They said to try a new head and if it does it again I would need to buy a new toothbrush . So I did as recommended and the BRAND NEW HEAD wore out after ONE MONTH . I purchased a new Essence toothbrush in late April only to have the toothbrush head on it wear out in LESS THAN A MONTH ! It 's a complete rip-off by Philips .
 After only four weeks or so , this Philips toothbrush started to randomly stop in the middle of the tooth brushing . Unusable .
 I bought this toothbrush at my dentist 's recommendation , and it only lasted one year before it crapped out . Even after leaving it to charge overnight it would only stay on for 10-20 seconds . The battery was shot . Then I find out that replacement batteries are n't even available from Phillips . What a rip off !!
 I have owned four Sonic Care toothbrushes to date . I thought this one was the same but it does n't have the Quad timer , my mistake ! I will read the ads more carefully in the future .
 I bought this thinking it had a timer on it , like my old Sonicare . This model does not . That is the bad thing about ordering something rather than buying it in a store .
 I ca n't believe there are n't any vibration complaints about this model . I bought mine and turned it on as soon as I took it out of the box . It was loud , and the vibration in the handle was so strong that I could n't comfortably hold it for more than 10 seconds . I have carpal tunnel , and it was really aggravated by this brush.My husband , who has very strong hands , tried it . He held it for about five seconds and said `` take it back . `` My dentist recommended that I use this , so I 'm going to have to give the more expensive Flexcare a try .
 I 'm not really a fan of electric toothbrushes it seems . I tried this one as my first one ever and much prefer the old classic I get from my dentist .
 Product works fine , but the head design leads to a buildup of gunk and slime . The head seals leak , and unless you disassemble the unit after every use , you get a buildup of slime inside the unit . Very poor design . I switched over to oral-b and have been very happy .
 I am so disappointed that Philips decided to cut corners in the production of new models of the Sonicare . I owned one for a few years a long time ago and it worked great - I could charge it fully , take it on vacation , and not worry about having to charge it or clean it on my trip . I lost that one but was excited to receive a new one for my wedding . 8 months later , the battery barely lasts one toothbrushing session . My husband and I were sharing the base and using different heads , but now we ca n't both brush our teeth without charging it in between ! Also , despite removing and air-drying the heads after every use as recommended , some really gross gunk builds up inside the head that is nearly impossible to get out . Ick . When this one dies for good I 'm definitely going to try a different brand .
 I bought this toothbrush on the recommendation of my dentist . I 've been using it for almost 5 months now , and I have to say , I 'm not sure it 's working as well as it should be . I seem to be getting more plaque , and in spots I did n't get plaque before . Plus , I can feel that my teeth are n't as `` clean '' and smooth as they should be in the back . I 've started using a regular toothbrush on them afterwards , which solves the problem , but I thought the Sonicare was supposed to be a super cleaner . Also , I agree with other reviewers about the brush heads . Mine looks very worn at this point -- in fact , it began looking that way after just a couple of months . I bought one for my kid as well , and his teeth are also showing more plaque -LRB- and the brush head looks even worse than mine , though he 's been using it for about 4 months instead of 5 -RRB- . So I 'm not sure this is worth it -- I 'm going to talk to our dentist and dental hygienist at our next checkups . -LRB- No problems other than that , by the way -- the vibration/pressure takes a little getting used to , but the `` easy start '' feature helps a lot . If you do n't keep the toothbrush constantly in its charger , the recharging takes a very long time -- too long , for instance , if you 're on vacation , so bring an extra brush along . -RRB-
 I 'm not happy . I have used Sonicare toothbrushes ever since they were invented . At first there was only one model . When it wore out after many years I replaced it with a one just like it . When the company was sold to Phillips they started making several different models . When I recently had to replace my second one -LRB- after many years -RRB- I still bought the basic , most economical model . I have no hopes that my new one will last 1/2 as long as the old ones . Every time I use it it has leaked water into the brush handle and I have to dump it out . It seems very flimsy .
 My first Sonicare lasted forever . The last one - with lots of goofy , Microsoft-type features - stopped after a year . So I 've bought an Oral B.
 These brushes work fine , but the total operating cost is high due to planned obsolescence of : -LRB- 1 -RRB- expensive brush heads wear out fast , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the little rubber blue-green on/off button wears out after about two years of use , leaving a gaping hole in the device handle , which causes the device to fail if exposed to waterThis is a known quality control issue that Philips chooses not to address .
 I purchased the Sonicare Essence about a month ago to replace my trusty Oral B 3-D which was about 7 years old and getting a bit weary motor-wise . I 've had this Phillips product for about a month now and I must say it seems to have no advantages over the Oral B product , and several disadvantages which I find quite annoying.Minuses : First of all , with my old Oral B , visible bits of food matter could be seen in the sink during and after brushing , but with the Sonicare , nada , zip , zero . Therefore , the unit has less cleaning power . -LRB- no , it 's not pulverizing them to invisibility , trust me . -RRB- The Phillips may have a higher rate of oscillation then the Oral B , but it lacks the rotary and reciprocal mechanical cleaning action of the Oral B unit . Secondly , who ever designed the grip is a doofus , a person with a very poor sense of functional design . The thing is cylindrical , smooth , and when wet , often rotates out of position so the hard plastic stem of the brush unit chatters against my teeth , instead of the brush . The Oral B handle design is superior in every way . Thirdly , the 90 second power shutoff feature makes no sense . 90 seconds is not enough time to do anything more than than a light once over , which is not a proper tooth cleaning . This requires that each and every time I brush , I must locate the power button , which is not as prominent as it should be , -LRB- complaint 3.5 -RRB- , and I often have to take the brush out of my mouth to locate the power button so I can resume brushing . BAD DESIGN!Pluses
 This toothbrush is Disgusting ! Very poor design . The handle gets filled with black gunk . While you are brushing - water , toothpaste , and saliva can enter into the handle where the head screws into the handle . I was so disgusted when I realized what was happening and I contacted Phillips about my issue . They just told me to clean it with a wet cloth . You need a small toothbrush and scalding hot water to get rid of the gunk .
 This is a very poor product . No matter what I 've tried , I can not get it to work more than maybe 30 seconds without needing to be recharged again . During the few seconds it runs , it 's great . So for a mouth with about 3 teeth , it would be a wonderful product . But if you have more teeth than that , you should look elsewhere .
 Not only did Philips not fulfil their rebate , but this version of the product is horrible . Look elsewhere . Mold grows inside the handle , the brush is frayed after less than a month of usage , replacement brushes should last 3 - 6 months - so I thought . Very , very disappointing .
 I had an Oral-B sonic toothbrush for a few years that I was happy with that finally died . Either that or the button broke . Either way , it was acting possessed on a recent trip and just started going off by itself on the counter without the charging stand in the middle of the night.I did n't want to spend that much again , so I thought I 'd try the Philips brand instead . Well , the Oral-B is a far superior design . This one rattles when I use it , and the silicon sleeves are necessary.Yes , the end result of very clean teeth is the same as the Oral-B , and the price of this unit is less expensive , but I 'd have to say that I 'd rather spend more money on the Oral-B to begin with than deal with all the annoyances of this one .
 I was not very happy with this item , it did not use the same brushes that I still had from an earlier sonicare item . The brush wore out very quickly . Not one of my better buys ...
 I wish this toothbrush had a softer more efficient touch to it 's brushing as I have had more than five electric toothbrushes over the years as this one tend to be rather harsh on my teeth . I bought two more heads for it so I guess I will have to use it for a while or just give it away . I would prefer the old sonicare toothbrushes that have a softer more efficient touch to them . My dentist sold this in his office so I thought it would be a good one . Oh well I suppose different strokes for different folks .
 I purchased 1 Philips Sonicare rechargeable power brush and 1 Oral-B professional rechargeable power brush about the same time . The Philips toothbrush broke in 2 months . The following are their comparisons.Philips pros
 I have purchased this product in September 2010 , around November the battery does not last for one brush session , which typically last for only 1-2 minutes . Even I left the brush to be charged at all times . I will not purchase this product again . Very disappointed .
 I travel every week and I had hoped to use this brush without bringing along the charger . This has been impossible since I have to leave the brush on the charger in between brushes or it will not last more than 30s when I try to brush the 2nd time without charging.I like the toothbrush a lot , but the terrible battery life makes this a single star in my book . For those of you who do n't travel this is probably not a deal breaker , but if you forget to use the charger after brushing you may end up with a dead brush until the next morning.I 'm hoping I have a faulty battery and Amazon replaces it , but we 'll see .
 Yes Sonicare is the market leader . However , their quality control is slipping . I purchased this toothbrush in Sept 2010 . By January 2011 it would no longer hold a charge . Past the product return window . I did buy another Sonicare , but I 'm also posting this review for others to be aware . They will replace the handle , but only 28 days from purchase for cash return .
 I bought a sonicare set a few years ago . It worked but we did n't really like it , so we put it away in a closet . I decided recently to give it another try , but no matter how long I leave it plugged in , neither of the toothbrushes will work . What 's going on ? I ca n't see where one might install a new battery , so I am stumped .
 I purchased this electric toothbrush recently and am sorry I did . Although the manual does not mention it , Sonicare expects you to :1 -RRB- remove the brush unit from the handle ,2 -RRB- clean it , and 3 -RRB- store it separate from the handle each time you use the toothbrush . I recently had trouble replacing the brush unit and called Sonicare for help , only to find out the operator knew less about the toothbrush than I did and was unaware of the cleaning procedure outlined in the manual . I finally managed to get the brush off but have been having a difficult time finding a place where I can purchase the toothbrush unit , which needs to be replaced every 3 months !
 After 8 months of use once a day by one mature adult the toothbrush failed completely . It will not even turn on . I would not recommend the e5500 Power Toothbrush to anyone .
 We bought this in November and have had mold issues within the brushhead mechanism . We have cleaned it , even soaked it in bleach but it 's a PIA to continue to try to cope with the design flaw . Additionally , it is true that the handset is very difficult to keep clean and collects water and toothpaste residue . Even the threads around the outside of the handle are difficult to keep clean . We will be looking at either Oral B - Pulsonic , or another SoniCare with the pin-type brush head attachment .
 Fluid leaks into the battery necessitating very frequent cleaning . Sonicare has been getting progressively worse . This is probably related to ownership by Phillips . My first one -LRB- original Sonicare -RRB- lasted 8 years , second one 2 years . I do n't think this one will last the year . My advice , check out the higher end models and see if they have a better design .
 This thing is loud ! You ca n't brush your upper teeth without it vibrating loudly against your lower and vice versa . And remember . Once you use it it 's not returnable . Worst $ 80 I 've ever lost .
 Do yourself a favor and buy the Sonicare FlexCare . The newer FlexCare models are an upgrade without the screw-on design flaw of this Sonicare model . This model has a hideous design where the saliva and other brushing liquids seep down into the inner mechanisms of the hand piece and pool up in a really disgusting way and requires you to take it apart and clean off inner crevices made up of metal and plastic parts . The new design eliminates all that slew of slime . This brushing action is fantastic , just like the new one , but this design stinks ... literally .
 If you do n't mind that the Sonicare toothbrushes last under a year - even when you replace the heads and follow all their instructions - then this is for you . At my dentist 's insistence , after a first failure for a more expensive model , I bought this lemon -LRB- after reading all the reviews -RRB- . It almost made it to 10 months ... I am switching to oral B.
 I purchased this as a replacement for the original Sonicare for my husband and myself . I bought the set with two units and one charger . Even though I like the new brush head and noticed its brushing action is improved with this model , I found that one of the units -LRB- the one I use -RRB- does n't hold a charge very long . The old one went two weeks . I am lucky if this one goes a week . Sometimes 4 days is all it stays charged . The unit my husband uses hold a charge for at least 2 weeks just like the older model.I called customer service and they had me perform some tests and put the phone up by it so she could hear the sounds when doing the tests . She said it was fine as it passed the tests . She advised me to return it to the charger daily if necessary . I explained that my husband 's did n't need that frequent charging and she just ignored that fact.I was considering getting one of the newest models and seeing if they are any better , but might just switch to Oral B , as that is what my dentist uses .
 I 've had Sonicare electric toothbrushes for more than 10 years . The Elite model was my favorite , but it failed prematurely due to a problematic on/off switch -LRB- rubber covering failed -RRB- . The first time , it failed under warranty , but the second failure was n't covered -LRB- they 'll only replace it once -RRB- . Based on feedback from a Sonicare customer service rep , I recently replaced it with the more basic Sonicare Essence e5500 model ; but it was big , clunky and noisy , so I returned it . Instead I purchased an Oral B , which I love ; very happy I made the switch . The quality of Sonicare products seems to have slipped .
 My disappointment is that it 's not built nearly as well as my older model and probably wo n't last as long ; seems cheap by comparison . Also , no matter how well you wipe it after use , it still leaks water from the joint of the holder and the brush head . This transfers to the charger . Small point perhaps , but sloppy . As with my older model , the inside cavity must be cleaned I 'd judge weekly . My older brush from Philips did not leak though . I 'm thinking of returning the e5500 toothbrush and buying my older model again.That said , it does a decent job of brushing and the angled brush head is convenient . My older model also did a decent job of brushing .
 Most of these reviews sound like they were written by Sonicare reps.I 've been using Sonicare since they first came out . However , when they first came out they were owned by a small company in Washington that produced a quality product and had excellent customer service.The original company was bought out years ago and the product has gone down hill . I 'm sure if you read all the reviews , you will find many that complain about MOLD . My original Sonicare lasted 12 YEARS and never had a drop of mold in it . The next one - etype - I bought began to develop mold immediately . I wrote to the company , they told me to clean it . Bull , I 'd have to clean it with BLEACH after every brushing . No thanks.Typical of what so often happens when a major corporation wants a monopoly , the product quality slides and the prices go up . I will never buy another Sonicare toothbrush . They gouge you on the price of an inferior product built on a brand name with a huge reputation , then they gouge you on the replacement heads forever after . Well , I suggest looking around . There are a lot of excellent new ones on the market.I gave it two stars because it does a good job cleaning - if you do n't mind sticking something in your mouth that has mold over every surface under the brush . And please , do n't tell me I do n't `` clean it good enough , '' that 's corporate crap .
 Owned a Sonicare original for over 10 years until the batteries finally would n't hold charge for about 2 days . Bought a new e5500 . After 24hrs of charging it will run for about 2 minutes . If unused , it does n't hold a charge after 30 minutes -LRB- elapsed time , not 30 minutes of use ! -RRB- . Seems like the Philips buy-out ruined their quality control . Very unhappy with this product .
 This toothbrush works great when it holds a charge . The problem is that it does n't hold a charge for very long anymore . I 've owned this brush for 18 months and the battery life has slowly gotten worse over the past 6 months . Originally I would be able to brush without charging the battery for over one week . Now the brush wo n't hold a charge for two brushes -LRB- so it wo n't even last one day -RRB- . I 'm returning the brush to Phillips for a replacement since they will replace the brush inside two years .
 My old Sonicare died so I got this one for my birthday . I do n't like it nearly as well . The handle has no rubber on it and when wet , it slips out of my hand . DUMB ! The toothbrush is smaller too and I do n't like that as well . Does n't feel like it 's getting in all the cracks and crevices . Just not the quality I have come to expect . Other bummer is that it is a different charging unit from my husband 's ... why not make them uniform ???? I guess that 's too much to expect.UPDATE 8/11 . This unit DIED this month . That 's LESS THAN A YEAR ! Do NOT buy this model . I asked my dentist what the best method for brushing my teeth and he still said Sonicare , so I have purchased another model . If this one does not serve me well , I will switch brands . My first Sonicare lasted well over 5 years , but this one ... a total lemon .
 Despite rinsing and wiping the exterior of this unit after each use , a pool of slime soon forms in the charging base . It 's even worse inside the top of the handle , visible when the brushing element is unscrewed . If you want to avoid a disgusting mess , you really need to disassemble this unit every day for a thorough cleaning . That 's a lot to ask for a tool that is supposed to make our lives easier . I used a previous Sonicare model for years without ever encountering this issue . My wife 's toothbrush is identical to mine , and it has exactly the same problem , so there 's pretty obviously a serious design flaw with this model.A CHEAP FIX
 Out of the box the product worked . Within the first 6 weeks it ran out of power after 1 brushing . Even when charged for 12 hrs . The pulse timer and auto turn off also stopped functioning . The first few weeks were good . I am trying to return it .
 Here are two things Phillips will not tell you about their Sonicare toothbrushes and heads .1 -RRB- The collar that holds the toothbrush to the handle will disintegrate in a couple of months . That 's what prompted this review , because they would not replace mine after it fell apart two weeks after purchasing a replacement.They manufacturer these things to disintegrate so you will continue to buy replacements - planned obsolescence . However , I suspect their China supplier is skimping on the plastic specifications and they fall apart in weeks instead of months . -LRB- Do you think China would really do that ? -RRB- 2 -RRB- UNPLUG your base until you need to charge the toothbrush . If you charge it up overnight , then unplug the base , the toothbrush will work for four brushings per day for about a month . Then , when it signals or stops , plug the base in to charge it.This method will allow your toothbrush to work for five years or longer . If you keep the base plugged in all the time , these NiCad batteries develop memory and will stop functioning after 18 to 24 months.A bonus , if you travel a lot as I do , you do n't have to pack the charger . Just make sure it 's topped off and you 're good for a month 's vacation .
 While unstated in the description , this is an alcohol based aftershave which is basically worse than not using an aftershave at all . Worthless product that hurt my skin more than anything else .
 The hold was a huge issue an almost non-existent . There are a lot of reviews about how the hold is stiff as a rock but I did n't find it to be that way . I kept having to re-adjust after 20 minutes or add more . The more you add the more odd it looks because while it is brown , it 's not as if it matches many people 's hair color perfectly . On top of that , the wax comes off and stains things brown . If you have had troubles &#34; tweaking your ` stache &#34; in the past I 'd go with a different product for a really stiff hold . Honestly , if I could give this product zero stars I would because I bought it for one thing and it did n't live up to the standards . Not even close .
 Well , I am sorry to say this did not work for me . I am 30yrs of age and have suffered with IBS -LRB- irritable bowel syndrome -RRB- almost all my life . I was able to function until I got a really , really , bad c. diff infection in my intestines last year . Even when I finally got rid of the infection , I still continued to have horrible diarrhea and cramping . It seemed to make my IBS more severe . Since then , I have seen doctors , tried many medications , and even tried some alternative therapies , and nothing has yet been helping me so far . A co-worker of my husbands recommended RevitalX and I tried it . It seemed to make my diarrhea worse ! It cleans you out . Now if you are someone who suffers with daily constipation , this would probably work great for you ! It mixes well and does n't taste too bad .
 I purchased this flax oil product and it has a fishy taste ! What gives ? The irony is that one of my main purposes in trying it is that I hate the taste of fish oils .
 About the only thing worth buying this for is the glass `` nebulizer '' . The pump is an aquarium pump , which did n't even work . Instead of blowing air out , it sucked air in . When I e-mailed the company they accused me of doing something wrong and said that I could send it back to them , but if they found out it was because I over-filled the nebulizer , they would not replace it . I did n't even get into a debate with them . When a company has that sort of attitude , it is n't worth telling them that the air pump `` sucked '' even before I hooked it up to anything!The packaging is endearing , in that sort of third grade school project way . It 's badly printed pieces of paper glued onto a cardboad box . I 'm not necessarily one for promoting the mass production of consumer goods , and I definately champion the cottage industry , but I would expect someone to at least be able to run the instructions through spellcheck first . The instructions are not just poorly translated English , they are just plain poor.If you have a bit of surgical tubing , some small corks , an aquarium pump , and a color printer , you could sell this product on Amazon ! I expected a much more professional item . I like to think of Amazon as an on-line mall , not an on-line flea market.As for nebulizers - This is my first time using one . I like the idea of putting the essential oils directly into the air , and the timer that this product comes with -LRB- once again , something you could buy from a dollar store -RRB- really does make a difference ! The nebulizer uses a lot of essential oil very quickly . I only ever put 50 drops in at a time , and a 10ml bottle of Euclyptus was GONE in less than a two days , with the timer set to come on for 15 minutes every two hours -LRB- as suggested -RRB- .
 I purchased this product approximately one year ago . It will no longer mist the oil . I am having the same problem the other reviewer was having . I love the concept on the product if and when it works . I have cleaned it repeatedly with alcohol , but it does not work as before . I did try sticking by finger in the top and the mist came out for a short time . There is one thing you have to be careful with do not use a thicker oil . The product is not inexpensive so think twice before your purchase .
 Do not even waste your money on this item ! TOTALLY OVERPRICED ! The item arrived and is only the size of a deck of cards , for the ENTIRE PRODUCT ! The shipping cost was outrageous , and when I inquired with the company on the return policy because I was so upset over the price I paid for the size and quality , I was informed by SEAKAP , INC. that shipping and handling is not refundable PLUS they charge a 30 % restocking fee ! So , it 's not even worth the effort and cost to return.So , I 'm stuck with an overprices , undersized product . What a waste of money !!!! Trust me , move on and buy something else !
 My previous review was rejected , to many URL references I expect , however I will try again . My star rating is inaccurate as well . My actual rating would be NO STARS!I purchased one of these little devices based on online reviews of the older version , the P1 , and info on the Apollo website . Luckily , on Amazon 's recommendation I also purchased the book , Winter Blues , at the same time , and luckily as well , I decided to read the book before using the device.Acording to Dr. Rosenthal , who is the author of Winter Blues , these blue light devices have not as yet been as thoroughly tested as the white light and there is some concern about their affect on ones eyes , a possible connection with Macular Degeration . -LRB- please click on the comment button to see more valuable information on this subject . -RRB- So , my advice is order Dr. Rosenthal 's book and read it first . Then make your decision as to whether to go with the thoroughly researched white light devices or go with this cute little device . My decision was to return the M2 and get one of the white lite products . I give the book a 5 star rating .
 I used the Blue Spectrum Light Therapy Device during the times I was living in a cave in France . I thought it would help nourish my skin and provide my eyes with much needed Light sensation but all I got was a horrible headache and pain in my eyes . For days I could n't see very well and had to sleep it off.Also , some of the food -LRB- I was eating hermit crabs -RRB- I ate reacted vigorously against the Blue Spectrum Light which caused me to get huge patches of rashes .
 I had a great SAD lite but it was so huge . I read about this and it sounded great . Specifically the long battery life and portability . Well if you have blue eyes you better look for something else . I learned the hard way that many people with blue eyes get MIGRAINES from the blue light . YEP , happened to me . Then I tried to use it without the power and it only held a 30 min charge with 36 hours being plugged in . SAD to say it was not what I had high hopes of . So back it went . I 'm Glad Amazon stands behind the products they sell and this was defective also since it did n't hold a charge as stated .
 We recently purchased this product for our daughter that lives in another part of the state . After it arrived she was dismayed to learn that because we purchased the GoLite M2 vice the P2 , it is an international version and does not have a US adaptor . no mention was made in the product descirption that it would not work in the US . We called customer service and they said it was our fault for not ordering the right product They would not send out an adaptor and said we had to return it at our own cost for a refund . This goes beyond customer `` no service '' and cost us 20 dollars for not even experiencing the benefit of the product , If you still read the product description of the M2 you are not told it does not function in the US , Amazon has lost a customer for its false advertising and lack of service that cost us money . Yes we are upset with the service .
 I kind of hate to give this one star because I do n't really know if it works . I have tried it three times and I got a blazing headache that lasted for about 4 hours each time . It was almost immediately upon catching a glipse of the blue so I really do n't know if this works for someone who can take the light for the 30 minutes or so . Since I assume I am not typical I hesitate to give a single star but am doing so to make sure this gets read . If you are no prone to headaches you may be just fine . I have had them through the years , though have been lucky enough to avoid for the last few . I am writing this to let migraine sufferers know that they should not risk it . Do n't risk your money and , if you are a migraine sufferer you know what I mean , do n't risk a headache . Pass and find another way to restore your energy . IF you are not a migraine sufferer , feel free - I have nothing really to say good or bad as I simply do n't know . I do know it is nice and compact and does go on as expected with a nice little sound . It seems like it would be a pleasant way of gaining energy - if only I could .
 This product was well-made and the company seems respectable , so I do n't like having to give it a bad review . However , the blue lights just did n't work for me
 I 've only used this lite a handful of times , when I needed it . I 've had it for about 2-1/2 years and when I went to use it the other day I found out it only works when it 's plugged in . The display shows that the battery was charging , and then it was fully charged , but nothing I do seems to be able to get it to work on battery power . If I have it plugged in , it works fine . But this defeats the `` portability '' which is the reason why I chose it over other models.I do think it helps me with SAD , although it 's hard to tell if this is due to a placebo effect . I only regret the purchase because it stopped working on batteries . Very disappointing to say the least .
 I purchased this product hoping that it would help me with my up and down energy levels . When I received the product , the plastic bubble wrap the unit was in had been previously opened . As an earlier reviewer had said , when I plugged it in , the unit would make a high pitched noise which also occurred when the display light was on.I sent it back for a replacement and the second unit was also used before . The packaging was opened , battery already partially charged , and it too made a high pitched sound when plugged in . In desperation , I tried the unit a couple of times before returning for a replacement and the light ended up giving me headaches that lasted several hours . Instead of asking for a replacement , I asked for a refund . It had been used already , did n't work to improve my energy , and made my problems worse .
 This great light helped me so much . I have always depressed in fall and early winter , til about Feb. . I never thought about it until I visited a relative several times in LA and everytime I was there , my mood lifted INSTANTLY -- ie the second I got off the plane , in the sun.Someone suggested I have SAD and told me to purchase a sunlight . I did . This one . It lifted my mood when I used it -- 30 minutes a day . It was a miracle . I took it with me everywhere when I had no time for it . I used it in the car , at work etc. . It was fantastic.Until about 6 weeks after I got it , it broke . The light wo n't go on . I will be grousing to amazon and Philips tomorrow , at the beginning of a week . Stay tuned .
 We 've all heard that ultraviolet light can damage our eyes and skin . But , as this ScienCentral News video reports , there 's more evidence that blue light -LRB- 400 - 500nm -RRB- can damage our eyes . `` Blue light is the most energetic portion of the visible light spectrum , '' says ophthalmologist Bernard Godley , of the Retina Foundation of the Southwest in Dallas . `` It 's less energetic than UV radiation but it also has the ability to penetrate into tissue and cause cellular damage . `` Godley , working with an international team of researchers , has shown that chronic exposure to blue light damages retina cells in the lab -- the same cells involved in age-related macular degeneration -LRB- AMD -RRB- , the leading cause of blindness untreatable vision loss and legal blindness in the U.S. for people over the age of 60 . `` The type of damage that we 're seeing in the Petri dish ... could very well be occurring in macular degeneration , '' says Godley.Godley and his colleagues reported in The Journal of Biological Chemistry that blue light alone can damage the power houses of the retina cells , called mitochondria , and in particular the DNA of these energy-producing structures , suggesting that any cells exposed to visible light -- including skin cells -- may sustain damage.The researchers exposed cultured retina cells to blue light for up to six hours in the lab . Compared to cells that had been kept in the dark , they saw a loss of mitochondrial activity in the illuminated cells after only 6 hours and this loss became greater with increasing time.Using a genetic technique called polymerase chain reaction they found that light exposure significantly damaged the DNA of the mitochondria after three hours , but by six hours the body 's natural DNA repair process had kicked in , reducing the amount of damage . `` We confirmed that these changes , this damage , was caused by free radicals , which were generated by the mitochondria themselves . Evidence suggests that these changes may play a role in cellular aging , and in age-related diseases such as macular degeneration , '' says Godley , suggesting that , `` blue light may contribute to the aging process . `` AMD , which has robbed more than 10 million Americans of some or all of their vision , causes the deterioration of the cells in the center of the paper-thin , light-sensitive retina at back of the eye -- the macula -- that focuses the images we see and sends them via the optic nerve to the brain . This results in the progressive loss of central vision , affecting a person 's ability to read , drive , recognize faces or colors , and generally see objects in fine detail.In some cases , AMD advances so slowly that people notice little change in their vision , and currently available treatments can delay , and sometimes prevent , the progression of the disease , leaving the person with some vision , but there is no cure
 After reading about this product in a style magazine I decided to give it a try . I was looking for a cherry-almond oil to use as a skin moisturizer and this was said to work well . This product is more for * recreational * purposes as the name suggests . It is sticky and sweet , more like a cough syrup than a body oil.The packaging is cute , but the bottle had a cork that broke when I tried to take it out . I had no choice but to empty it into another container . I wound up mixing it with an unscented lotion so I could still use it as a moisturizer . It worked ok , but I would n't buy it again unless I needed a bachelorette gift or something .
 I ordered this product to see if it works . It does n't . We have really hard water and I see no difference . Still getting hard water rings in my toilet .
 I could n't wait to use these . I love the idea of cleaning in an environmentally friendly manner . Unfortunately , these did n't work at all.I got the two-pack , and put one in each toilet in my home . I cleaned each toilet first , to start fresh . Within a month , both toilets were disgusting . Worse than they had ever been before.I have no idea what went wrong . A big disappointment .
 I was very disappointed that this product did n't perform as expected . I still had to clean the toilet in the usual time frame .
 This product got glowing reviews from the majority written . It does n't keep the bowl clean ... . perhaps we have extremely hard water ? ... at any rate ... I 'm disappointed and will go back to a drop-in tablet although they tend to corrode the fittings in the tank / I chose this particular product over other chem-free cleaners because of online reviews . Buyer beware .
 There are two little magnets in a plastic box , thats all . The plastic box does nothing , the magnets do nothing , together they do NOTHING ! Amazon should not allow total scams like this !
 I purchase this product based on a review that someone else had written about it.They stated that buy using two of these in the toilet tank you would not get a build up of chemicals around the toilet bowl and would not have to scrub it constantly.I have found that this is not true . I bought two and inserted both of them in my toilet tank . One week later the build up started again.Save your money because they really do n't work .
 It 's a magnet inside a plastic box . It may well help for people who get rust stains . But it did nothing for the mold growth that is MY problem !
 I do n't know how these work on hard water stains . For maintaining cleanliness of the toilet bowl , they are useless , in my experience . I felt very ripped off by bogus claims .
 These may help keep your toilet a little cleaner , but you still have to clean with a brush and toilet bowel cleaner every week or so . All in all , I would not repurchase .
 Just like some have said in other reviews , these are just magnets inside plastic containers , so how could they possibly do anything ? I figured it did n't hurt to try them out.Yep . They 're worthless . Save your money and buy some pet rocks to put in your toilet bowl . It 'll probably be more effective .
 On the surface , this product appears to be a fine idea . The reality is I wasted money purchasing it . It does NOT work as advertised .
 used ! but no result . . very disappointed!it sound and discript so well but is not true!anyway lucky not too costly !
 These ChemFree toilet bowl cleaners do not do anything to keep the toilet bowls cleaner . I have had these in use for a few months now . EXREMELY DISAPPONTED !!
 I have been using Sinus Buster which I first got from Amazon , and it works like a charm on my headaches . After reading a few reviews about Sinol I figured I would give it a try . Sinol does not work at all on my headaches . It seems very weak compared to Sinus Buster . I think you need to feel a burn for pepper nasal spray to work on headaches . I 'll use Sinus Buster from now on .
 I tried this after trying sinusbuster and I was disappointed . It does give less of a burn than sinusbuster but it does n't completely get rid of the headache . If you 've never tried sinusbuster -LRB- another capsacin nasal spray -RRB- or if sinusbuster was too strong for you it might be ok but I was disappointed .
 I am 35 years old & have suffered from chronic migraine headaches for over 20 years . I have seen specialists , done more testing than I can remember & have tried every medication on the market . When I saw this product & read the reviews I thought maybe this could help ... maybe this would work . I was wrong . I have used the product several times on various pain levels of headache & it has never helped , not even a little . It might work better for those who are fortunate enough -LRB- and I use that term loosely -RRB- to have occasional migraines , but with my chronic migraines I was n't impressed .
 No doubt different things work for different people , but my husband and I both have tried this product when we had a headache and neither of us experienced any relief . I had high hopes for this since I have had a lot of success with other homeopathic remedies in the past , but this one does n't seem to address headache pain for me .
 We purchased this for family . They report it did n't help them , but they have a lot of teeth issues also , so not sure if their pain is from sinus or gum/jaw .
 Again , same as with the Inold Sinus Spray with Capsacin , it did n't do anything but burn and make my eyes water like crazy . This is kind of one of those things where you take one pain to get you to forget about the other , but it is only momentarily .
 i have weekly migraines and thought this would nip it in the bud . it sounded good but did n't work for me . i have now tried it 5 times ... each time at the very first sign of a migraine and it has not helped .
 I tried Sinol with poor results . Actually , almost no relief at all from my serious headaches . Then I tried Sinus Buster with Feverfew . SinusBuster , for me , REALLY works . If I catch the head pain early , a couple of snorts of Sinus Buster takes the pain away completely !
 These are very small and fit over his privates nicely , but they do n't stay in place when he moves his legs ! A washcloth strategically placed worked much better . I would n't get these again .
 My online order of this product came faster than I expected . However , the part came some differently than what I ordered
 This is not original replacement foil , hols are much smaller and it makes shaving pain in the neck - do not buy this item .
 I ordered this but I received the black one and that 's the reason for 4 stars . But it fits perfectly and works just fine . It 's like having a brand new razor again . Get it if you want to save money!New review : NOT SHARP AT ALL . WISH I COULD RETURN IT AND BE CREDITED BACK . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The old foils used to have small circular holes in them . The new foils have irregularly shaped holes , and the resulting shave is terrible . It reminds me of the crappy shaves I would get with my Norelco shaver before I discovered Braun shavers . Nuts .
 Well , if you buy knock off parts expect them to be junk . I bought this replacement foil and cutter because it was $ 17 cheaper than the original . I saw the difference immediately . It was flimsy and not as well built as the original part . The blades felt dull and would pull my skin when I shaved . Do not buy this .
 I ordered this blade and foil based on price and not looking at the small print that it is an aftermarket product . The shave was never as close as the OEM Braun blade and foil . I started using my 14 month old Braun blade and foil and was getting a closer shave in less time . Would not recommend the aftermarket product . I will only order original Braun replacement parts .
 I bought 4 of these . At about ten months after buying them , I went to install the last battery into the smoke detector . The battery was dead in the package . I tested the other smoke detectors . One other battery was dead . Two months later , a third detector started chirping . In eleven months , three out of four were dead .
 Dead in 17 months . These things are supposed to last up to 10 years in an electric smoke alarm , i.e. it does n't power the smoke alarm , it 's just there as a backup in case of power failure . Well , I purchased 14 of these , and after 17 months , two have already failed -LRB- typical beep in the middle of the night , why does it always happen at night ? -RRB- and I fully expect the rest to start failing one by one . Go for another brand or stick with regular alkaline for a fraction of the cost .
 I have an Ultralife 9v in an electrical meter -LRB- DMM -RRB- with a beeper that when ever it sounds the display is now dimming almost all the way out , and the BATT display is briefly showing . This battery is about 3 years old . I normally get about 2.5 years about of an Alkaline . What I believe what if happening the battery is n't really `` dead '' , but has risen in internal resistance . I have confirmed in other devices and checked the open circuit voltage and is still a healthy 8.4 volts , and as soon as you apply load , it goes down . The main reason I purchased this battery is for the ultra low internal resistance , because the display would do the same dimming thing with an Alkaline when it was only partly used , and to stretch the battery out to 2-2 .5 year I had to put up with it . With the Ultralife , I `` figured '' the battery would last about a decade , and I would n't have to put up with the dimming . Normally once this internal resistance starts in Lithium batteries , it tends to slowly increase . So it looks like by another 6 months , this battery will be useless . Just like the strip of 5 Chinese CR2032 's I bought just a few months ago - all of them were next to useless the resistance was so high .
 I 've been using these batteries for over a decade . I usually buy 10 at a time . The last batch I purchased had a 50 % failure rate . Opening the sealed package had batteries with leaks , discolored bodies and low voltage.Several attempts at contacting the manufacturer , including filling out the RMA form have been 100 % ignored . They even have section on the website dedicated for RMAs for the batteries , so it 's clear that they know about the problems.Won ' t ever touch anything with the Ultralife name on it.There are now other choices such as Energizer for lithium 9V cells . At least they actually honor their warranty .
 I used these batteries in microphones and did not see a significant longer life that standard alkaline batteries . Maybe 1.2 times but not 5 times longer .
 Opened up a Ultralife U9VL-BP battery which stated on thepackaging `` Best if used by 2018 '' . I tested battery and it isalready DEAD in 2011 . Two others used in smoke detectors : one is working okay so far but other died earlier than the priorDuracell . So of the three batteries , only one `` might '' be good .
 I purchased 7 of these for our smoke detectors in Aug. 2010 . One of the detectors began chirping with a dead battery at about 8 months . Two others went dead in the last week -LRB- Aug. 2011 -RRB- .
 I do n't know what has happened to this brand of batteries , but they have become bad , worse and just plain terrible ! We purchased this brand for many years for our many smoke and carbon monoxide detectors and our garage door opener remotes and keypads . These used to at least last for several years , but NOW most of them are bad right out of the package or within less than 4 months ! -LRB- Yes , the expiration dates were good , at least 8-9 years into the future ! -RRB- And do n't try to return them , even if bad out of the package . If purchased locally , the store will accuse you of returning a `` USED '' battery as a `` NEW '' one ! WE WILL NEVER , EVER BUY THIS BRAND AGAIN !!! We wasted well over $ 100.00 , when we `` stocked up '' to change out all the batteries in all of our equipment . Do n't waste your time and money , choose another brand ! From now on , we are ...
 In the United States -LRB- including Canada -RRB- it is no longer legal to sell supplements containing the specific strain of Monascus purpureus used in the studies detailing the benefits of red yeast rice . You can still buy red yeast rice supplements in your local health food store ; however , these supplements are produced using a different strain of yeast or fermentation process than those used in the studies . The red yeast rice products may have little or no cholesterol-lowering effects . Why a company would profit off of innocent ignorance is beyond me . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 When I read the title of this supplement designed to lower cholesterol , it says red yeast rice , which in English seems that it is made of a variety of rice called `` red yeast . '' This stuff is made of a FUNGUS called RED YEAST that grows on rice and must be carefully prepared because it is often accompanied by a toxic byproduct . If YOU ARE ALLERGIC TO MOLDS THIS MAY CAUSE A REACTION .
 I ca n't talk about the effectiveness of this product because I did not get my cholesterol checked before and after using these pills . These pills are huge , and by huge I mean gigantic and impossible to swallow . I was alone at my gym locker room where I used to take this pill before my workout and the pill got stuck in my throat . I really though I was going to die because I drank more water and the pill would not move and it was hurting a lot . After making some involuntary weird noises I threw up and the pill came out . It was the most awful experience of my life . I usually do not have problems swallowing big pills , but this is out of the ordinary . Additionally they are not gel capsules , which makes it even more difficult .
 As another reviewer has said -LRB- Patches -RRB- , I have had the same experience as they did and gotten the big tab stuck in my throat on several occasions . Finally learned my lesson and went with the v-caps . Please do yourself a favor and buy the soft gels or v-caps !
 it does not hold on well and slips off when using to cut thick hair . It restricts the blades cutting power .
 This pillow was not working when I took it out of the box . The on/off switch was missing and the two connection wires were floating . Not a good purcase .
 This item is motorized and turns on/off by use of a small button located on the end of the unit -LRB- opposite battery end -RRB- . After only 3 weeks of use -LRB- not daily -RRB- the button became disloged from its internal mounting . We must now `` search '' the filling to find the button . The seller - Comfort Products , Inc. so far has been non-responsive to inquiries as to how to fix or replace the pillow . At this time - do n't waste your money .
 I should have heeded the couple of negative customer reviews I saw here on Amazon.com 's customer review about the Relaxzen Microbead Massage Roll Pillow.Unpacked it from the box , inserted the batteries and pressed the switch.The pillow started working . Pressed the switch again to turn it off.Gave it to my ailing mother as a way to comfort her.Tried to show her how to turn it on and off and when I went to press the button on again , the switch was `` gone '' . I could n't feel it inside the pillow , just the wires to the switch that were now poking through the fabric!The company that distributes this , Comfort Products , Inc out of Memphis TN , obviously does not care about the consumer otherwise they would have done better Quality Control of their product.But OH WAIT ... Made in China according to the tag on the pillow.Ah ... Now I see.They contract with a cheap manufacturer sweat shop cranking these out in bulk , no end of the line quality control on the manufacturing side . Gets stuffed in a container shipped to the USA . Shipped to Comfort Products , Inc in Memphis , TN . They do n't bother doing any random spot checks for Quality . Just repackage it , marking the price up making a killing on the cheap China labor costs , and redistribute this poorly made product to the people of the United States!Sorry Comfort Products , Inc 122 Gayosa Ave Memphis TN 38103 902-248-7192 , I have returned your defective product and REFUSED a replacement demanding a full refund and forwarded this matter onto the Consumer Protection Agency .
 This product is just a razor blade and I was afraid to use it on my expensive glass top stove .
 This product REEKS . I ca n't even use it , thats how bad and how strongly it smells . I made it through one clean , but wo n't be using it again - what a waste . It also does n't clean that well , and my cooktop was NOT that dirty . The cleaner that came with the oven , the Sears brand , works much much better . Should have made the trip to Sears instead of trying this brand instead .
 I bought Cerama Bryte and their Stainless Steel Cleaner with all the gadgets and bought in bulk 6 bottles of each . I paid for the whole shipment over $ 97 with shipping.The Cerama Bryte does not work at all on taking the spots or the overflow of the water when your boiling potatoes and it boils on to the cooktop . This was a real waste of good money . The stainless steel cleaner is just ok . I was willing to spend the money for a real good cleaner to keep my very expensive new Italian made stainless steel range with the sealed ceramic cooktop that cost me over $ 2250 US.After I found that the Cerama Bryte did not give me good results I started searching the internet for other ways to clean the ceramic stovetop without scratching or damaging it . Here is my recommendation : By a can of Bar Keepers Friend -LRB- non-abrasive cleaning powder for about $ 1.19 a can -RRB- and the Mr. Clean Magic erasers . Wet your ceramic cooktop with a little water and put a couple of teaspoons of the Bar Keepers Friend powder . Put a little bit of water on your Mr. Clean magic eraser and then lightly rub all the powder and water with the eraser . After a couple of minutes wipe off the paste with a sponge and get it so it is nearly clean . Finish off with Windex Streak-Free and a paper towel and you have a beautiful clean ceramic cooktop just like it was new.So I have my cleaning cabinet full of this cerama bryte cleaner , treated wipes , stainless steel cleaner and treated wipes as well and I am going to give it to anyone who wants to pick it up . If not gone in the next month it is all going out with the trash for pickup.Worst cleaning product I have ever used is Cerama Bryte !
 I purchased this product based on the reviews about how good it was on black glass cooktops . This products caused a white hazed on my glass cooktop . It did not look like new per the reviews of previous users . It caused a white haze like the Magic Top cooktop product that was replaced by the Cerama Bryte .
 When I bought my beautiful stove they gave me a small bottle of Cerama Bryte Stainless Steel Appliance Cleaner and it was amazing ! I feel like this is honestly an imitation . When I cleaned my stove it did nothing but stain it ! It looks horrible now ! I feel this is a fake cleaner and not Cerama Bryte ! I 'd recommend you find a place where they actually sell the real product !
 This product made my appliances streaky and cloudy , horrible . I called the company and they advised that I thoroughly clean my appliances w / Dawn dish liquid and water then reapply their cleaner.This I did and again the results were just as bad . Then I emailed the company w / this information and requested a `` please advise '' . I never heard back from them . Very poor customer service .
 The bottle that I received was opened . The foil had a big hole in it . One that would have been made by a finger or something . It was too large of a hole to be an accident or something that happened in packaging . It looked like it had been used . It does smell good though .
 The royal jelly was not in any ice packed container or anything to keep it cold . I am curious to know if the sender even realized that the item would thaw within 12 hours . That 's all well and good if it is shipped frozen , but if there is nothing to KEEP it frozen ... the item will thaw and possible spoilage will occur ! The color of the jelly upon arrival was yellow , not creamy white , too.Anyway , I will not be purchasing any further products from this company .
 I wanted to love this cream but did n't . During my pregnancy I vowed to go green so this was the natural choice . It ended up making my nipples extremely sensitive and painful . I ended up buying Lansinoh Lanolin and thought there was no way it would work but it works so much better for me . It truly waterproofs your nipples although it is much harder to apply . The lanolin did not give me any increased sensitivity .
 I 'm very disappointed . I saw all the excellent reviews about this product and I was hoping for the best.I placed it on my nipple and the consistency was great , it was easy to apply and not as messy as the lanolin I have been using . A few seconds later my nipples started to feel very sore and kind of burn . I went to remove my cloth nipple pad and my nipple was stuck to it . I washed off the cream and instantly felt better . I suppose I had a bad reaction to something in this cream . My nipple may have stuck because I had n't put enough of the cream on it , but the fact is it did make my nipple burn.I actually hate it and want to give it only one star but because the consistency is nice and it is less messy than the lanolin I will give it 2 stars.I just want other people to know this cream does n't work for everyone .
 This product did n't do much for me . My mom , lactation consultant , and doula all recommended using something with lanolin in it . They were so right . It made all the difference . If you are in pain - get yourself some lanolin ! It works .
 i think in this case -LRB- sore nipples from breastfeeding -RRB- the only thing that helped me was to put a few drops breast milk on them every time before and after feeding .
 I bought this because I wanted a vegan alternative to lanolin for breastfeeding upon the arrival of my baby . After I had the baby I applied this diligently after each feeding and wound up with dry cracked nipples that were very painful and bleeding within 3 short days . I had to supplement with formula because it was too painful to continue until I bought something else for my sensitive nipples and started healing by using the breastpump . I was nearly in tears . I switched to lanolin and my nipples are still sensitive but it keeps them supple through to the next feeding , unlike Motherlove .
 I bought this based on all the great reviews and bc I had problems with severe soreness and trauma with my first child . However when I showed it to my lactation consultant , she said it had everything in it that they do n't recommend , and that it has ingredients that can cause allergies . She said to feel free to use it on cuticles and rough feet but not breasts . I just was n't willing to take the risk .
 I read all of the reviews for this product and thought that it would be the answer to my sore / cracked nipples . While it does n't hurt when you put it on and it does spread easier than lanolin , it allows my nipples to dry out and essentially rubs off on my nursing pads . When I go to pump / nurse again , my nipples are dry and cracked , so I have had to revert back to lanolin as it seems to be the only product out there that does n't do more harm than good .
 The only reason I purchased this creme was ecause it showed up in my Amazon list , of items based on my preferences . I saw all the great reviews and purchased , despite the high price . I regret it . This is nothing but a thick version of olive oil , is very greasy , smells like you are basting yourself to cook . Unacceptable ! I first used this product while still at the hospital , while nursing my baby for the first time . It stained my clothes due to the grease , smelled so much that the nurse asked what was I using.Most importantly , this product does not do what it is advertised to , no protection , no relief , just greasy lube , in a very tiny jar . As much as I 'm all for organic and natural products , this was a poor product , not worth the money.Stick to Lansinoh , much much better protection , does n't irritate skin , provides relief to chapped nipples . Using Lansinoh , I only apply twice a day , as it protects skin so well .
 Bought this b/c of the reviews , thought Id give it a try . Like others say , it is very thin and seemed to do okay . It 's not great , but not terrible . I liked the lanolin better though b/c the texture felt better to me.Also , it ruined several of my clothes . It stains and does not come out , buyer beware .
 I was given this product in the hospital . My face swelled up and stayed that way for several hours despite treatment . Everyone is different , obviously . Use with caution !
 After reading the reviews I thought this has got to be a miracle cream . I havent had any of the results people are reporting . I feel like this product was 100 % useless . Pretty much a waste of my time , and money .
 I feel disappointed because I paid extra $ for expedited shipment and dint get my product for two days now . This is kind of item you need right the way .
 The item itself is great but I would suggest ordering from fitrx or muscledepot instead . On the original order I received the item with the entire label missing so I sent it back requesting they send the item in it 's correct packaging . The replacement was received with the label but the `` best if used by '' date looks as if it has been mysteriously erased .
 This mix was chalky and more like ovaltine than chocolate flavor . Returned and doing more research n high protein mixes .
 Stick to the pre-made shakes . This powder is difficult to get down . Does n't taste anything like the chocolate shakes . Avoid this stuff .
 Nutritionally , Myoplex is pretty good . It has a good ratio of carbs to protein , it 's low sugar , and contains some vitamins and minerals . However , the taste leaves a lot to be desired . Drinking this stuff mixed with water or milk is one of the most vile tasting concoctions I 've ever tried . The taste is so cloyingly artificially sweet that it makes any diet soda seem appealing , and I hate diet soda . If there was ever such a thing as diet Yoo-Hoo , this is how I imagine it would taste . I need to throw in a few scoops of peanut butter , or chocolate powder , or yogurt , or whatever I can find in my cupboard to get this stuff to be anything close to palatable . I 'm definitely going to try another brand as soon as I finish my remaining packets ... or maybe before .
 Turns out these brushes did n't fit my husband 's toothbrush base , even though they seemed to be the right style , so they were useless to him .
 only the top head spins not the bottom , do n't be fooled . I will use them anyway . You get what you pay for .
 Tried it did not get the results advertised . Guess it was wish full thinking from Dr. OZ !! would not but again !
 Only had a mild warmth sensation when taking this as directed . I got it because Dr OZ recommended it . It did n't seem to do anything in relation to weight loss . I think Dr Oz said you have to take it for about 6 months to see a difference , no thanks
 I bought this product combined with 7-Keto DHEA and Raspberry Ketone Lean Advanced Weight Loss Supplement and have been taking them faithfully at the Dr. Oz recommended doses . Previously , I was taking Ignite Maxx and just thought I would like a change , and hey Dr. Oz is a guru , right ? Well , over the past 2 weeks since I have been taking this combo I have GAINED 3.5 lbs ! I did n't change anything other than the dietary supplement , I even increased my exercise . I 'm going back to the Ignite Maxx . I lost weight with that , and even when I had decreased my exercise in the winther months I at least did not gain , but maintained weight . This Dr. Oz recommended combo should be avoided !
 In my case it did not work ... maybe it works better on other people if you want to try it good luck
 I took this product faithfully for 45 days and saw no change in my weight . I wish that I had followed my instincts and better judgement and not spent the money on this product . Sadly , I bought into Dr. Oz 's recommendation and let myself fall into the trap of hype .
 I was so excited to get these drops because I am doing the HCG diet and ca n't have anything in my coffee besides stevia . I wanted a little flavor . I am drinking a cup of coffee right now with twice as many drops as it recommends on the package and do n't taste a thing . It is a little sweet but no trace of chocolate or raspberry . I put the lemon in my my water last night , again , sweet , but did n't taste a thing like lemon . The only upside is that the liquid stevia tastes better than the dry so at least I can use them to sweeten .
 Gross . Does n't taste like me . I would not recommend . Though I do like the Sweet Leaf brand usually . This just was icky sweet with no flavor .
 I like the product but am disappointed that it said it was in a tin and it is in a cardboard box
 I did n't like these very much . The flavors are not very good and have a strange aftertaste . I might try other flavored brands but wo n't buy these again .
 I heard these were the ned BIG thing in sweeteners , well I tried them with club soda -LRB- as there is no sugar in it -RRB- and I added what it said and it didnt taste like anything ... just like you added normal sugar into club soda ... no lemon flavor or strawberry . Bleh !
 This was bad . The sweetener is horrible and I do n't usually mind artificial sweeteners . It is very sweet . So sweet you ca n't swallow it .
 I enjoy all sweet leaf stevia products , i have every flavor , I bought these to enjoy when I am out , however , they have no flavor what so ever . Very disappointed
 I bought these small sizes to test the flavors to see what I liked . Well , I did n't like any of them . There is no flavor ! I put them in my water to help give it some zip , went up to 12 drops and there was no flavor whatsoever . Wo n't be buying this again .
 The lemon and orange have a strange aftertaste . . not impressed with r his product . Hoping to use the vanilla ans c hocolate with my coffee . . no way . . just doesnt taste good .
 I was purchasing this item to flavor many different things . So far I tried it in hot tea , hot coffee and drinking water ... YUCK ! The vanilla was overly sweet and bitter , the chocolate rasberry was all rasberry no chocolate again overly sweet and bitter . The dose was 1 drop per 2 oz of liquid . I did that . I am very disapointed in this product . As for the size , it 's very small and portable . All in all , I would not recommened this product . One star is generous .
 I enjoy Sweetleaf Stevia and use it often . However , I bought this product because we will be doing some traveling and thought storing the stevia in the `` tin '' -LRB- as advertised -RRB- would be safer and more advantageous than letting it lie loose in my purse . However , the `` tin '' is a thin cardboard box . I think the word `` tin '' should be removed from this product . IN my opinion this type of false advertising descredits the Sweetleaf company .
 These Sweetleaf `` flavored '' products are only for people who want something really sweet with just the very barest whiff of some flavor -LRB- you probably wo n't even be able to tell which one it is -RRB- . If you 're looking for a product that 's about half sweetness and half flavor , THIS IS N'T IT . I urge you to save your money and look for another solution .
 Had no taste , do n't know what people see in them ... it was a waste of money to me , ill give you mine for free .
 I just do n't like the taste of Stevia and it is overpowering.I poured the bottle down the drain.Instead of flavored stevia water , I now drink Canfield 's Lemon Seltzer water . No sweeteners .
 I wanted the tin to keep my drops in ... I just got is a lousy cardboard box !! but I love the drops
 I am not impressed with this product as i bought it new and clearly it is not new . there were no extra ear pieces in it that generally come with a NEW stethoscope . I will be sending this product back and ordering a new one from someone else !
 I bought this stethoscope after loosing my nice steth in the radiology room , it was delivered pretty fast , but the issue I had was the diaphragm of the stethoscope was lost . Till now i was unable to get a replacement . I need to search internet inorder to find one . But if you have the diaphragm the stethoscope works well .
 I enjoy Nag Champa incense , but this smells nothing like it . It actually smells like some old grandmother 's cheap perfume . Also , the container does n't look at all like the image shown , and has a brandless label that looks like someone printed it off their home computer . The oil itself is also not clear , but rather a strange yellowish-tan color . I do n't care that much about looks , but when the actual product , and the shown image differ that greatly it seems fishy to me .
 The folks who use this item does not have tendonitis . It is no more help than wear a pair of underware on my hands . The other splints I have worn are so cumbersome , I thought these would be more comfortable . More comfortable , but no support and no help for my thumbs .
 I love the product and have used them for years . They sent me beige when the order was for black . At least they sent me the right size . Based on other comments I am not even going to try to do an exchange .
 I agree with the other one-star review that it 's basically like putting your hand in a sock . I ordered the exact size I needed -LRB- I found the sizing information on a website -RRB- and it did fit my hand , but there was NO support whatsoever . I ca n't see how this would do ANYTHING helpful -- especially for me , as I was looking for something to give SOME type of support for my wrist . This had ZERO support . Plus , if you wear it on your right hand , the black logo/text is on the top and looks bad . I would return this except I have to pay to return it -- so I 'm out the $ 2 to ship it to me and probably another $ 2-3 to send it back and that 's over half the cost of the stupid thing.I would NOT recommend buying this unless you can try it on in person . This was a total waste of money .
 I knit a lot , and between that and the compression hose I must wear and that are hard on my thumbs to put on , my thumbs cramp frequently , as does the area from the base of my thumb into my wrist , and my hands -LRB- fingers especially -RRB- are usually cold . These gloves are promoted as providing support , massaging action and warmth , which should help , right ? When I ordered them , I very carefully used the product 's sizer and ordered a medium . Well , the medium is loose on my hand and my wrists swim in them -LRB- granted , I have thin wrists -RRB- . The fit is also odd from hand to wrist
 I found this glove , when received , to be flimsier than expected , and too big for my hand . I submitted an exchange-for-size request and heard nothing from the company . I mailed the glove back to them with a self-addressed stamped envelope -- and have received nothing in return . I wo n't buy from them again unless they make good .
 I generally do n't care about style . There is nothing stylish about these gloves , and I did n't expect them to look `` cool . '' I did , however , want , and expect to get black . I ordered black , and got ugly flesh colored glove . The difference is that the black looks professional , and the beige looks like I 'm a hospital patient.I also made the mistake of not ordering two . This is the only time I can remember buying gloves singly . I buy socks in pairs , shoes in pairs , gloves in pairs . Two feet , two shoes . Two hands , two gloves . Right?Yes , the description for this item does indeed say `` glove '' but if someone is not careful , they might not notice.As for the therapeutic effect of these gloves , the jury is still out . So far , they 're pretty good .
 I bought a combo pack of Carmex lip balms at BJ 's and I could n't stand the awful taste . I tossed them all . $ 15 worth !
 I enjoy Nag Champa incense , but this smells nothing like it . It actually smells like some old grandmother 's cheap perfume . Also , the container does n't look at all like the image shown , and has a brandless label that looks like someone printed it off their home computer . The oil itself is also not clear , but rather a strange yellowish-tan color . I do n't care that much about looks , but when the actual product , and the shown image differ that greatly it seems fishy to me .
 I did n't experience any relief . Wo n't bother with this again . Not much else worth saying about it . Glad it worked for others .
 After a week or so of taking this product I started to experience some odd side effects . Did some research and found that blessed thistle 's main therapeutic benefit is to stimulate milk production in new mothers.Why this is included with an herb that is intended for liver support is well beyond me . Maybe someone at Nature 's Way thinks `` milk '' thistle and an herb that helps new mothers produce milk for their babies belong together . Wrong!What this points out is it 's very important to look at labels for herbal products . Some herbs do synergize with others , but it could be dangerous to rely on a nutriceutical company 's assessment without checking for yourself.I 'll be throwing the rest of my bottle away and thinking very hard about buying any of Nature 's Way products in future .
 I am allergic to sulphur and started taking Milk Thistle . I did n't know that it was high in sulphur . I stared to get bumps on my fingers and swelling . I realized something was wrong . When I looked up more I discovered it is high in sulphur . Just a warning . If you are not allergic go ahead and take it , I think it helped .
 This product does not fit very snuggly on my hand , therefore provides little support . I do have small hands and ordered a small but could really have used an extra small if that size was available .
 This was the wrong product and has been returned . Still waiting for confirmation and credit on account and once credit is received , replacement item will be ordered .
 I bought this item as I am on the computer all day and my hand gets really cold and achy . I thought that it would help my fingers warm up but that did not happen at all . They still got as cold even with the glove on .
 This product is like putting your hand in a sock.It 's pretty much pointless . It 's all loose ; butsince it 's cut off at the fingers , you wo n't haveto worry about over heating I guess . Actuallyusing a sock might be better as you couldmake a cute puppet and entertain yourself.Seriously , the box looks sharp , but it ` sone of those times when the box is moresubstantial than what 's in it .
 I have been experiencing increasing wrist pain over the past couple of months , and decided that I needed to do something to head off carpal tunnel or some such thing at the pass . So I ordered this product thinking that it would offer some support and , perhaps , alleviate some of the pain in my wrist . Ha ! This `` glove '' could n't do any of that . I bought the smallest glove possible and to say it was `` form fitting '' would be a joke . There was no `` compression '' and no `` support '' offered by this product . I had the same amount of movement in my wrist whether I wore it or not . Also , the heating and massage element of this product is practically nonexistent . I was very disappointed in the Handeze glove and felt that it claimed to help with more symptoms then it could ever hope to and that it grossly exaggerated the beneficial aspects of the product . I ended up going out buying another support to help . Overall , it is my opinion that if you buy this product you will be wasting your money .
 Maybe its to early for a review as I have stopped taking the product after just three days . But so far I was not impressed . It made me weak , I struggled to gain energy and I did not feel good . Some occasional dizziness as well . I stopped when fecal matter was turning red . To scared to try again . It might be a good product but there might be one or two ingredients that is spoiling the whole product . Will NOT recommend .
 First off , I bought this back brace because I thought that ACE was one of the best companies providing this sort of thing . I couldnt have been more mistaken I guess . I had previously owned a back brace from the Mueller company , provided to me from the company I worked for , and it worked wonderfully for me for over a year , when the velcroe finally got to old from use . This ACE back support , the 2 side tightners , the velcroe on them is the cheapest kind there is . Every time I bent down to pick anything up , or even if I snezed even , either of the sides popped right off , and this was the very first day . I got so frustrated with the piece of trash that my back even got worse , my muscels probably tightened from stress because I knew that I had been taken so bad . I beesceech you , buy your back support elsewhere . The 2 tightners on this one dont even pull to the front of your stomach , they attatch at the sides of you hips , but the real problem is that the velcroe is so cheap
 Vender decided to cancel orders right about the same time it should have arrived . GF is out of her Valentine 's present , and I am in the dog house . Good Job vender !
 Whoever came up with this was brilliant . Add 6ml of bleach to a bottle of water and charge people an exorbitant amount of money . I just did the math and made my own . You can do that too and save the environment by using your spray bottle over and over . The only reason I did n't give it one star is because the spray bottle is good and a decent spray bottle will cost you a few bucks .
 Uh , people , put down the Kool Aid and google `` sodium hypochlorite '' - the only active ingredient listed on the label . Sodium hypochlorite is bleach . So . . get yourself a few cups of water , add a couple drops of bleach , sell it to the hordes , and make a billion dollars ! Wait , you 're too late ... Clorox has already done that !
 Its in no way comparable to a good memory foam pillow of the same cost range . -LRB- $ 45 to $ 60 -RRB- . This product is a waste of money . And there is no returns or refunds .
 The interchangeable cores for the pillow are a good idea , but they do not work very well . The pillow material compresses , and you are left with no support -LRB- for the softest core -RRB- or a hard cylinder that does not support your neck very well -LRB- medium and hard cores -RRB- . Also , the pillow opens to put the core in and does not close completely .
 I bought this pillow hoping it would help me sleep & help my neck pain . Boy was I disappointed . My neck hurt worse after using this pillow & the material smells . I returned it , do n't waste your money .
 I know all pillows wear out in time , but this one does so far too quickly . I have been using the firmest core for months , and can never get comfortable . There just is n't enough support in the right places . The culprit is the very cheap foam which surrounds the core . I used a contour pillow before this one for about six years and loved it until whiplash caused me to need something more firm . I have had this pillow for lest than a year , and I just moved on to the Iso-Cool Contour pillow . So far I love it ... I hear it is supposed to last for years . We will see . As for this core pillow , I really do n't recommend it . It does feel good at first , but that soon fades .
 The seller took over a week before they mailed it out . I was copied on a reminder email from Amazon and then they mailed it the next day . Anyway , it was too long so I wo n't order from them again.Secondly , the pillow has a lot of chemical-smelling fumes , which I am allergic to . So I 'm going to have to air it out for several months.However , it works great for my neck - not too firm , not too soft .
 I purchased this pillow Dec. 2010 . It is already broken down to the point where it no longer supports my neck . It is April 2 , 2011 just a little over 3 months since I purchased it . I would n't waste my money buy a different brand !
 My husband and I suffer from stiff neck pain from time to time . We need good neck support while we sleep . We have tried alot of pillows over the years . Water , buckwheat , Tempura to name just a few . After reading the reviews on this pillow I felt comfortable in purchasing a couple of them for us . Mistake . These pillows are made out of VERY soft foam . Even with the choice of changeable inserts the pillow itself does not have support for your head . I only opened one pillow hoping to return the other which I did without any problems . I was very disappointed by the quality with the price I paid for this pillow .
 I bought this pillow to alleviate my chronic neck pain after reading all the positive reviews . However , after using this pillow for a week , my little nagging neck pain turned into a major pain !! The foam rolls are a good idea except that the two firmest ones are too firm . They feel like rocks under your neck , and the soft one squishes down to nothing ! The pillow is just cheap quality foam , and there 's virtually no pillow in the middle , so your head ends up at an awkward angle ! Also , the foam material that the pillow is made out of is very cheap quality compared to other memory foam or tempurpedic pillows ! Very disappointing for the price !!
 Fast delivery ! The idea for this pillow is great . However , the pillow is a little flimsy . The foam has a pre-cut slip in area where you place the firm pieces of foam . But the pillow as not sturdy enough for me to sleep on . I am going to use it in the car when I need a nap .
 I bought this pillow hoping that for $ 45 , it would be a good investment as well as good for my neck . I could n't have been more WRONG ! This pillow is terribly cheap . I wish I could give it a worse review -LRB- does n't deserve even one star ! -RRB- I tried to take the pillow out of the pillow case to investigate the foam quality and I about ripped into the foam with my fingers just trying to get the case off . YUCK ! This company should be ashamed of setting the price at $ 45 . And the foam inserts are no better . Is this a joke ?!?
 the product was not as pictured it was all apart in the boxthere was no bear or a stuffed animal they might have put the wru \ ong order in the box but supposly the refunded my money I need to wait to see the bill
 I love Kaboom products , but this product does n't work . It says fill one cap and pour in toilet . I have small toilets and it took a cap and 1/2 . Then it still did n't go to the rim -LRB- whole point of the product -RRB- . It was only good for 3 cleans ... awfully expensive stuff to only clean the potty 3 times.I say use the good ole spray and brush it takes just as long to do that as it does to pour this nonsense into you toilet and wait for it to not work .
 I have used it exactly as directed on the label . I have even left it in the bowl for 4 hours and it does absolutely nothing . I clean on a regular basis so there is n't much to clean . The fumes are overwhelming , so be careful !!
 I totally agree with the other reviewer who was nearly poisoned . This stuff should be taken off the market . As soon as I opened the thing , a light powder escaped that sent me immediately from the room . I coughed for two hours . Nasty stuff . It 's amazing it 's on the market . I am writing to the Consumer Product Safety Commission and urge others who have had similar experiences with it to do so as well .
 Like others here , I absolutely love all other Kaboom products I 've tried . So much so , that when I saw this product I immediately decided to give it a try . I 'd normally avoid something that claimed to be so easy , but with Kaboom 's track record , I thought it had a chance.I echo every complaint here - and I normally disagree with many negative reviews on Amazon and attribute it to not following directions or unbelievably high expectations .1
 The powder was too light , as I was pouring , the particles flew into air , even into my nose and mouth , I was nearly poisoned . The product was pricy and did n't work well , did n't create enough bubbles to come up high enough , therefore did n't clean much . This is the worst product I have ever tried !!!
 I thought this product was going to shoot some super clog-busting stuff down the drain . Turns out it 's just pressurized air . It did n't improve my drain one bit , and I used the whole can . It might help if you had a foam ear plug wedged sideways in your drain or something , but other than that you 're just wasting your money .
 I was super excited to finally cleaning out my shower drain . I followed the directions on the box , and bubbles started appearing ... BUT nothing happened . the drain is just as blocked as it was before this product . save yourself money and look for other products .
 The old design used a wide rubber suction cup head that formed a tight seal and cleared clogs in seconds.The new design uses a foam head that I have tried and tried to get to form a seal , but it does n't . No matter how hard I press on it , air -LRB- and dirty toilet water -RRB- ERUPT out from the side of this foam head , every time . I even experimented on a clean unclogged toilet and was certain to completely cover the drain.I can not fathom why they would make a design change that would not only be LESS effective , but COMPLETLEY INEFFECTIVE , thereby rendering the product USELESS . I can only imagine that it must have been some sort of copyright or patent issue ... which of course causes all consumers to lose.One star until they reinstate the original WORKING design .
 I spent expensive $ 25 dollars on a product I was hoping to solve my problem . My bathtub went clogged just 4 days ago and did not seemed to be something very hard to solve . I followed all the instructions on the box for this product and after 4 unsuccessful applications , guess what ??? The tube had gone empty ! That was it , the only thing that went down the drain was my $ 25 dollars.But this history have a happy ending . Not satisfied to be stuck with this clogged bathtub that leaves your feet all the way dirty drowned I prepared myself a solution with Coke , vinegar , salt , vitamin C and boil it all together . It was the most acid thing I have ever seen , and guess what I poured out into the drain and unclogged everything ! I recommend you that have a problem like that to use that solution and it will most likely work for you . Do not spend money on this thing .
 Not sure what else to say . I followed the instructions and tried it 4 times and my tub is still just as clogged as it had been .
 I had a clogged drain in my children 's bathroom . I tried and tried and nothing happened . If anything , it was more clogged than when I started
 Save your money call the plumber or do it yourself . Plunger worked just as well as this did .
 This product did not work on my toilet . I think CLR Power Plumber is a very sloppy product . Do not waste your money on this .
 My toilet slow-drain problem was similar to other 's that have reported success -- but this product did not work at all for me . Later I learned the problem was deposits in the water channels that fill the bowl -- there is a single large one near the bowl drain and smaller ones under the rim . I scraped them carefully with a small screw driver -- I could tell a little bit of deposit was coming off but it did n't seem like much -- but viola , it was the difference between a toilet that almost flushed and one that did.Additional Info -- My ` free fix '' eventually stopped working and there was nothing I could do at that point -- the plumber confirmed to me that after 25 years many toilets stop working effectively because of mineral deposits . One benefit of the new toilet , other than working well , it it uses much less water .
 First , let me say I shop on Amazon all the time ... Love it ! but this once I have to say I was not happy with the product . I kept trying , going back to the directions over and over till I had emptied the can with no results !!!!
 The listing on Amazon stated : `` Ingredients
 How this snuck in I 'll never know . But not to worry , the chage was reversed , and the product thrown away .
 The nutrition facts are great , just protein . . no carbs no fat . I absolutely loved the graham-cracker flavor . And decided to risk it and try the strawberry kiwi . Bad move . This stuff is tough to mix . And you shake it for a second and it foams up like crazy and you have to wait like 10 minutes for the foam to go down , then when u get to actually drink it the flavor is really tart . I have tried so many proteins and am not usually a critic but had to warn people against this flavor .
 The vendor that sells this product on Amazon does not ship orders within the specified shipping parameters , nor do they communicate with buyers regarding product issues . I WILL NOT be purchasing from this vendor again .
 This product , and others by VPX , have so much artificial sweetener in it that it tastes disgusting . I tried cutting it with coco power and coffee to add some bitterness to try and reduce the overwhelming sweetness , and it was still way too sweet . Is it a protein powder or a candy replacement product ? Tastes like pure sugar and I feel sick after drinking it . After a week I ca n't stand it anymore , it 's going in the trash.On the label it states no aspartame or acesulfame K , that 's great . But instead they use Sucralose which is another artificial sweetener that has safety concerns .
 Received the item on time as stated when i purchased it . The battery does not hold a charge for mor than a day however .
 The measuring cap on the detergent is hard to read and not well designed . This may be in PG advantage , because some people will add too much soap rather than too little . And there is no indication of how many ounces that should be used . So a good detergent is expensive and the measuring cap is badly designed . I 'll try something cheaper .
 Simple math ... 4 bottles x 100 oz . each = 400 oz . $ 47.88 / 400 oz . = $ 0.1197 per oz.The product description here says you 're getting it for $ 0.09 per oz . WRONG!I pay this exact same price at my local grocery store or Walmart and I do n't have to purchase 4 at a time or wait for it to ship .
 If you have sensitive skin , this detergent could make you very itchy . I normally use Free and Clear All . My wife brought this home a few days ago . The first load of my clothes I did in it lit my skin up - no visible rashes really , just made my skin burn a bit and feel like bugs crawling all over me , especially in my facial hair and scalp where I touch with my hands.Beware of this if you have or if others in your house have sensitive skin . Residue can stay behind in the washer/dryer and it will affect others if they have sensitive skin even if they use a different detergent .
 I 've used various Tide products for years , but this one just does n't get my shirts clean . The pits smell like they have n't been washed . Perhaps it 's something about the coin-op machines in my building , but it just is n't working out .
 Strangely , this thermometer read two degrees higher than a good old fashioned made in USA mercury thermometer ; checked it against another digital thermometer with the same result .
 This has to be the worst product for taking a temperature on the market : -LRB- It is unreliable and doesnt work well at all
 I have been using this thermometer for a week now with reading around 97.7 - 97.9 during the morning hours . I thought this was low so tried my temp later on in the day getting readings anywhere from 96.6 - 97.1 . I bought a new thermometer today and my temperature reads just fine . This is a nice thermometer for what it does but I need accuracy to track my cycles .
 Tried and tried to get it to read Fahrenheit , but could never do it , was n't worth the money that I spent
 Unfortunately , this is the third thermometer of this exact model and I 've had no luck with it 's proper operation . And , I 'm still having the same issues . Turning it on , the numbers fade in and out and then it does n't work correctly at all . Too bad . Maybe they just had a bad lot of this model ? I will say that if you contact Briggs -LRB- mother company -RRB- , they are very good at backing up defective products and they will send you a free new one under it 's warranty . No receipts required . Just tell them it 's within it 's original warranty . I 'll ask them once more to maybe send a different better model . Then I 'm done . Good luck ! Go to their website to contact them .
 I have taken my temp back to back and I get a different reading each time . Does n't beep either , so u have to take it out and look at the gauge to see if it 's done . Does not work !
 I got this because I hated waiting 3 mins to take familys temp with the old school mercury one . I got this and its WAY off the temp ! I tried the mercury one and compared it and its more than a degree , whats the point of even having it if it doesnt work ! I feel that this is dangerous ! if my baby has a fever , and this thing is wrong that could be VERY bad . I would NOT recommend this !
 This was a great seller . But the product did n't do anything . You have to take 12 pills for a dosage . I would pass on this product . It just did n't do anything .
 I used 6 can of these , but it did fix my problem at the end.the only reason I used 6 can is that because i did n't cover the water overflow too well -LSB- especially in bathtubs -RSB- , and the pressurized air -LSB- $ $ $ $ $ -RSB- just went out through the overflow instead going down to the drain . . I bought it from Ace Hardware -LSB- 11.99 + tax -RSB- , and it was a quite expensive first experience for me , but once you get the trick , one bottle should last you a long time . -LSB- 1 -LRB- one -RRB- fast press ONLY , if you continuously to press it , your can will be empty in 4 seconds -LSB- That is how i wasted my 6 bottles -RSB- , and it might be damaging your pipes if you had pipes that are connect with lose a No Hub Coupling couplings . . -RSB- and it did blast all over the place for me . . tons clear up , and all the stink stuff just erupted from the pipes . . so do inspect all your pipes before you are going to use it . if not , you will have a stink house for weeks . I learn it from the hard way , hope you guys can learn from my mistake if you want to give it a try.As those bad reviews , you should get 6-7 bottles of these and learn how to use it . Because you will miss out if you give up too easily because of one can.I give 1 star for the price and let people know what they should be caution about before using this product . . - but it is well worth it if you are calling a plumber to do your work .
 Clog , put it up side down , push ... Nothing happened except feeling some cold gas out - not into the sink , but backward . I am wondering if I did n't understand the instruction , which seemed extremely simple . Anyway , it did n't work a bit for me .
 The Power Plumber 's way of clearing your drain is to close the drain and drainhole , fill the sink with hot water , and then open the drain . The pressure of the water is supposed to blast through the clog.It does n't . Get a snake or vinegar and baking soda instead .
 Did n't work at all . Plunger worked better . Save your money if needed call a plumber .
 How would you like to be up at 3am , sick and trying to take a temperature and never get any consistent reading . Last night mine were between 97 and 102 . And it has never worked well for anyone in any ear . I am so glad that we saved our mercury thermometer . Still do n't know what to do for the babies.Find something other than this product .
 We thought it started out working pretty accurately but who knows now . If you take 3 temperatures they will range from 99.1 to 105 . Any measurements will never be lower then 99.1 even on healthy people .
 We consistently get temperatures like 87 degrees , 92 degrees , etc.Contacted manufacturer , who sent replacement . Same result . : - -LRB-
 I am sorry to say I had to return this item as it was n't acurate . While recovering from knee surgery it was important to have an acurate thermometer and I found this one to be as much as two degrees off from the one my PT was using . I did like the size and case .
 This product did not work well for me . I had an allergic reaction to this tea . I was left with runny stoole and a skin rash . I can not say that others who are interested in trying this product would have any negative side effects from this tea . However , i will not recommend this product based on my personal experience . Herbal teas can have side effects . Therefore , i suggest speaking with a pharmacist or your primary care doctor before using any herbal products especially if you are taking any kind of medication . Fresh ginger root and regular black tea is also very good for the stomach and the bowels for those who may have difficulty in these areas .
 Cleaner leaves a film on glasses requiring a polish with a clean cloth after cleaning .
 cheap junk . lasted for about one week . wish that i could give it ZERO stars .
 This unit is like a slightly louder extra Ringer , but it is far from being loud enough . This would not wake my father , whom requires Hearing Aids to hear , if he did n't have his Hearing Aids in and the Ringer was on the Bed Stand on the opposite side of the bed . It is nice the volume , tone , and ring pattern can be changed .
 Do n't waste your moey on this ringer , it wont ring loud enough to help.I do not recommend this ringer for the hard of hearing .
 This ringer is as loud as an ordinary phone . I was very disappointed . I can only hear it if I 'm in the same room . I was hoping for a ring I could hear in the next room .
 Not very much louder than a standard telephone . Had to return and find a louder ringer .
 I used the grandular Perdiem for 10 years and have been devasted since it has been taken off the market . I have tried the pills but they are not the same . I have searched and searched to find the grandular bottle so I can have my life back . I have been on many perscriptions ; all to no avail . Does anyone know where I could find the perdiem grandular ? I would be forever grateful .
 I do n't know why Novartis took the granular Perdiem off the market either , but it is sold in Canada under Prodiem , and I saw it for sale on ebay , out of Canada.So you could try ebay , or look for a Canadian pharmacy for PRODIEM ... same thing .
 This was really disappointing . It just did not remove stains from my infant 's clothing . I found the entire line of Caldrea baby detergent to be over-hyped and over-priced . I would n't recommend this to anyone . The smell became really annoying over time , too .
 I was tricked into buying this after reading the review , I wore it several times after I got it and got suspicious as I did not feel any benefit . I went online and try to find out more about this technology , if you do some googling you will know that it has no scientific evident and major trustworthy health and science site also urge people to not fall for this . I should have done my homework before spending money .
 This product smells nice in the bottle . I was excited when it arrived . I had a blanket with some fresh dirt stains from the dog jumping on the bed . Took the blanket right away and washed it in Caldrea Lavender Pine detergent . I added the fabric softener of the same scent . While in the washing machine -LRB- new HE LG machine -RRB- the detergent smelled great . I took the blanket out and voila - not only it did n't retain any of the scent , but all the dirt stayed exactly where it was . So I had to rewash the blanket in Era . And the cheap old boring Era washed the blanket sparkling clean and smelling fresh.This detergent and fabric softener is not worth the money .
 The Emjoi is a waste of money . I tried it and it is painful and just does not grab the hair . I finally replaced it with a Braun.Want details?It is loudIt does not grab the hair wellIt is very painful - more so than older coil-type epilatorsI really do n't feel the need to add more details . These metal-metal rotary `` tweezer '' type epilators Do . Not . Work.In other words , it is a turd .
 I 'm a Caldrea fan . I had initially thought that it would be a luxurious choice , but with all the other Caldrea products I 've used , I 've found that they were so much more effective and long-lasting than their grocery store counterparts that they were n't extravagances at all.So I was glad to see these . I like the convenience of surface wipes , but do n't like to use disposables for environmental reasons . This seemed like a good compromise.Unfortunately , they are n't . Where I can use one grocery store brand surface wipe to clean all my kitchen counters , these disintegrated so quickly that it took three to do my counters.The scent is not reminiscent of sweet peas , and in fact I found it unpleasant . This was a big surprise ; normally , Caldrea products smell so good that they make the experience of cleaning downright enjoyable.I 'll go back to Caldrea 's all-purpose cleaner and sponges .
 I used this just a few days in occupational therapy for my broken wrist . It tore up after a few days . I ca n't recommend it .
 In only the first couple of weeks a tear appeared between two holes . From the start , there were visible tiny holes in the material which would cause a tear to originate . I 'd imagine the latex one would have held up better.It is still usable despite the tear but I would go with the latex one if I had to purchase it again . It 's cheaper too .
 Once again I feel like the ingredient required are n't included in this product . It 's not 100 % as Dr Oz required .
 Product was shipped quickly & is as shown . The label is deceiving though , it shows CLA-1000 , which one would assume each capsule was 1000mg . Not so . 2 caps = 1000mg . This would have changed the price comparision a great deal .
 Stethoscope broke with in a month . the only thing worth paying for is the pouch , but that is not saying much either . Cheap crap that will hurt your ears when auscultating a heart rate or respiration . The diaphragm also became detached . DO NOT BUY !
 Simply , this product does n't work . I contacted the seller many times . Each time they promised to refund , but there 's no refund . You might as well shop for snake oil - it 'll probably be more effective .
 I used this just a few days in occupational therapy for my broken wrist . It tore up after a few days . I ca n't recommend it .
 In only the first couple of weeks a tear appeared between two holes . From the start , there were visible tiny holes in the material which would cause a tear to originate . I 'd imagine the latex one would have held up better.It is still usable despite the tear but I would go with the latex one if I had to purchase it again . It 's cheaper too .
 Batteries arrived in an old battered packaging that looked used and the expiry date is June 2013 , which means these are OLD batteries that have sat on some shelf for years already . I need them for travel tomorrow so do n't have the option to return and get new ones . VERY DISAPPOINTING !
 Most of the time , the pulse meter does not read my pulse at all . On the rare occasion that it does manage to give a reading , it gives an absurdly low -LRB- and obviously wrong -RRB- one . I was looking forward to improving my workout efficiency with this gadget , and am sorely disappointed .
 I have already quit using the product and now manually count my pulse on my wrist using the second hand of a watch . I was able to achieve reliable readings while sitting still at my desk , but if one is running , bicycling , speed walking , etc. . I found it almost impossible to get an accurate reading on a consistent basis . If you want accuracy and convenience , spend more money and get a more complex and reliable monitor .
 This device is useless for monitoring pulse during activity . One must be absolutely still for the meter to get a clear signal . Nor is it useful for monitoring resting pulse , as it seems unable to pick up a pulse unless the heart is pounding . At best , this device MIGHT manage to acurately read a pulse AFTER a strenuous activity is concluded .
 I too found this item to not perform as promised . When I first purchased it I thought I had a defective unit so I returned it for a new one . The new one has not worked any better . The readings are not at all accurate , either very low or very high . Much of the time it does n't give a reading at all . I purchase this to use at the gym while doing my cardio workout . Its been sitting in my gym bag for months now as its not worth the effort to take it out . I 'm really shocked at how poor this device is as I own several other Oregon Scientific products and have always been happy with them .
 I purchased this device on the fly while looking for a pulse rate watch . The closest competetion was $ 50 plus so I thought I 'd give it a try . One click buy later I decided to read the reviews ! Wow how bad could it be for -LSB- item price -RSB- ? Well , today I received it , the battery was dead and after trying to replace it , a small spring popped out . Ten minutes later I 'm still wrestling with it and finally get it together ! Then I find another even smaller spring ! This review is the last bit of time I will spend on this small poorly designed product . I will read the reviews before I `` One Click '' next time !
 Received the item but it did n't work , nor did it have very good instructions . E-mailed company 4 times with no response .
 Only works properly if you are not moving AND in a zero-gravity environment .
 The pulse meter was worthless . That 's what I bought this for . It only worked a little bit and I could n't rely on the accuracy .
 I 've got this meter a month ago . I intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but I 've never been able to do so ! At rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . You have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . Now I 'm using it as an exercise watch/stopwatch !
 The pulse is difficult for me to get it to show my pulse and takes a long time , IF it does work . I got it for the pulse and do not like use it because of the fact that it takes to long . It does not cost alot and if you have the time , it is a cheap buy . One of my kids tried and it said they had not trouble with it . It just does n't work well for me .
 I recently purchased this ... and much to my surprise , it arrived with weak batteries , I never even got one salinity check . It did have batteries as the lcd display flashed numbers . I contacted Oregon Scientific and requested that they delivery more batteries ; they would not.I expect to get some life out of a newly purchased product and I 'd think that Oregon Scientific would either deliver a functioning product or say batteries needed .
 Batteries were dead at time of purchase . Replaced batteries and still could only get a temperature reading , not a salinity reading . If I could give this zero stars , I would ...
 I LOVE dark chocolate , any dark with fruits like orange , blueberry , raisin , cranberry , acai , pomegranate , but did n't care AT ALL for lavender . I think lavender is better suited for soap or lotion than eating . After a few pieces , I had to throw it out . The taste is just too weird for me .
 This Yin/Yang tea is designed to clear your body of toxins . You take Yang in the morning before 1PM and Yin after 1PM , one or more cups as long as they are balanced . Funny , but the ingredients are the same in both teas . You also get a very small amount of tea for the price . But do n't worry , you wo n't drink it all . Designed to clear your body of toxins , this tea made me VERY sick ... excessive sweating and nausea , followed by severe vomiting and diarrhea . It 's one thing to clear out your toxins , but this clears nutrients too.I may be more sensitive than others since I have a digestive inflammatory condition , but you 've been warned.They claim weight loss and I believe that because if you ca n't keep food down you 'll definitely lose weight.There are other teas , such as Traditions Of Tao Inner Cleanse that work well and do not cause illness . Use this tea only if you are desperate and like nausea and throwing up .
 I used this just a few days in occupational therapy for my broken wrist . It tore up after a few days . I ca n't recommend it .
 In only the first couple of weeks a tear appeared between two holes . From the start , there were visible tiny holes in the material which would cause a tear to originate . I 'd imagine the latex one would have held up better.It is still usable despite the tear but I would go with the latex one if I had to purchase it again . It 's cheaper too .
 I own both , a Stiff Stick -LRB- $ 48 . - -RRB- and a Tiger Tail -LRB- $ 25 . - -RRB- . The Stick products come in a variety of sizes and stiffness ' . This makes The Stick not only affordable at many different price points but also user friendly as they are produced for an individuals needs . I have a tiger tail , $ 25.00 and I bought the Stiff Stick as well even though initial cost was higher , for I heard many good things about the Stick from my fellow runners . The Stick provided a 90 day return policy vs. the tiger tail , where , at the time did n't have a return policy . I was n't even aware the tiger tail existed until I came across it at an expo . I was not able to find anyone who had used it in order to get additional information but thought I would give it a go anyway.The Tiger Tail performs ok at first , feels ok on the muscles , goes medium deep.The Stiff Stick allows me to dig in much deeper , loosens up my muscles much better than the Tiger Tail ... I love how the Stiff Stick feels and if I compare the Tiger Tail with The Stiff Stick , I 'd give the Tiger Tail ' a poor ' and the Stiff Stick an excellent . The Stick has much better quality products than the Tiger Tail , and I doubt the Tiger Tail lasts very long , whereas I have used the Stick daily -LRB- before and after my exercise routine -RRB- , and it works as well as day 1 . I personally can highly recommend The Stiff Stick over the Tiger Tail and find the headline very misleading that the Tiger Tail is better than the Stick , based on my experience .
 I know that the 18 '' Tiger Tail is shown here , but I wanted to let everyone know my thoughts on a very similar product by the same company - the 22 '' Tiger Tail . My 22 '' Tiger Tail is so not worth the $ 30 I paid for it . I could 've made this at age 10 . How do I know ? I know because it fell apart on me on the first day - not because it broke , but just because of poor construction and assembly.When I was gently moving the roller around in the middle to examine it , I noticed that the edge of it -LRB- barely protruding from the black foam -RRB- had some familiar looking markings ; it looked like a PVC pipe that had been sawed and not sanded down to be smooth . The handle accidentally popped off and went tumbling across the floor , and that 's when I realized how cheap and overpriced this product is.Why did it look like PVC pipe ? Because it actually is ! The handles are simply pushed onto a 1/2 '' diam . PVC pipe -LRB- mine actually still had the crude markings , size , company , etc. that you see on PVC pipe you obtain from hardware stores -RRB- . They could at least secure the handles on there ! The black foam is fitted onto another PVC pipe -LRB- I think it 's 3/4 '' diam -RRB- and slid over the longer 1/2 '' pipe . The inside of the 3/4 '' pipe and the outside of the 1/2 '' pipe are `` lubricated '' with a light grease - I 'd say something a little lighter than petroleum jelly -LRB- Vaseline -RRB- . Throw together some PVC pipe + foam + handles + cheap grease , and Voila , you have yourself a Tiger Tail.You can get it to work and do the job , but probably not as well as you should for the price . Here are my complaints . 1 . -RRB- Sand/polish ends - They could at least polish the ends of the PVC pipe that were cut . 2 . -RRB- Secure handles - How hard is it to secure to handles that slide onto a PVC pipe ? Using glue or an adhesive is not rocket science . 3 . -RRB- Make rolling smooth - One big thing is the lack of polishing between the pipes . They should make surfaces between the 2 pipes -LRB- the ones that actually rub together as you roll the TT over your muscles -RRB- smooth so that the rolling feels frictionless . When you press harder to get deeper into the muscles , you feel that the PVC pipes against each other are not smooth . Maybe they should just use better materials . 4 . -RRB- Grease ? Come on now . That will attract dirt in the long run or eventually dry up and your TT will be even less smooth when rolling.Bottom line
 I 've long known that zinc is very helpful with BPH as well as prostate inflammation , and have used it quite successfully . I changed the multi-vitamin/mineral product I had been using , and it contained less zinc , causing me to get less zinc overall . I decided to see what happened with about 20 mg less zinc while continuing to take this product . After a number of weeks at the lower intake of zinc , I can tell that I need more zinc . Before taking this product I had not been taking any other prostate formula , and had no problems for several decades using just zinc . I also knew that below a certain amount of zinc , there would be problems - that happened several times over the years for various reasons -LRB- got the wrong formula , tried to see if I still needed it by stopping for a while , etc. -RRB- . In this case , with the lower amount of zinc , I would have hoped that this product would have made up for it , complimenting the amount of zinc I have been taking . Unfortunately , that does not appear to be the case . I 'm not rating it as a 1-star product to be fair , because this is not a scientific trial , and could be due to other factors of which I 'm not aware . All I know is that it does not seem to be working well for me , and I 'm going to increase zinc back up to where it was . It may work for others just fine , based on the formula -LRB- the ingredients are known to be helpful to many men needing to supplement for the intended reason -RRB- . It just apparently did nothing for me .
 No matter how much or little I put on , I do n't feel anything but my pain . It does smell . I sprained my back a few days ago and my husband let me use his ActivOn . He warned me that it gets really cold then really hot and I did n't feel it . He claims it works for him , but I still have the full blown pain that I had before applying it directly where it hurt . I guess it is n't for everyone .
 I found Reynolds Wrap at pathmark for 3.99 for 200 sq. ft. I bought 6 roll for $ 23.94 Please shop around before buying online and paying more for less .
 These pens start out wonderfully smooth , but they run out of ink very quickly , leading to skips . I especially would n't recommend buying 72 of them at once ! If you 've never used them , go buy one or two from the store and try them for a few weeks before you commit to buying the big package .
 I bought this product for the orange scents as it is a scent I can tolerate with my allergies . It cleans and deodorizes very well . However the dispensing action does not work . It worked for the first 3 days and then the liquid level in the container went down to 1/2 way on day 4 and day 5 it was almost gone . There is no way the toilet was even flushed 40 times in those two days.This product results in costing much more than others .
 Why would anyone buy this if they do n't know how much it weighs ? Yes , there are 8 bags , but is each one 2 ounces , 16 ounces , or what ? This error is why Amazon must be left with a ton of this , and put it on the bottom-of-the-page deal section . A big gamble ... could be a great deal , though . Feelin ' lucky ?
 How is anyone supposed to determine if this is a deal if there is no weight given ? I know what I pay in the grocery store for a 4 ounce bag . If these are 4 ounce bags , there is no deal here !
 Beware do n't buy these . I just got mine today and the entire package was moldy . This is definitely a great buy - the bags were huge and there were eight 9 ounces bags . Now it would have been a great find if the jerky was not moldy . I inspected each piece carefully and long behold each piece had fungus growing on it . If I were you I would recommend skipping on this offer . It could have been the box that I received but its hard to believe that all 8 bags of jerky that I got were moldy . Maybe Amazon is testing out a new product - moldy jerky . Nice price but I would not even buy it for $ 1 a bag . Hopefully I can return these and get a full refund - but it is still time wasted .
 This order is for 8 9-ounce bags , but when the shipment came , I only got one bag ! What action can I take ?
 what ever is in this bottle it is NOT oil ... when you first pour it on , it looks like oil but it is n't , it quickly evaporates and with in seconds u are dry rubbing your skin or your loved one 's . and the claim of the fresh minty feeling is non existant ... . long story short , save your money , you will get way more satisfaction out of chaep bottle of regular mineral oil then u ever would from the crap in this bottle !!!!!!
 I bought this when my first thing failed and it did n't work either . We have bugs all over our house now and when we move we 'll have to get an exterminator to get rid of them . Do n't get it . I do n't suggest it . We were n't even infested when i bought it but now we are .
 I received this 4 day ago and opened it right away to let it air out and fluff up . I had read a review that said it would fluff right up after leaving it out for a couple days . 4 days later and still not 3 inches . Many of the crates are still angled downward and do n't seem like they 're going to fluff up anytime soon . Hopefully it will still make my mattress a bit more comfortable . I would not recommend this .
 zero stars , product used , not new .6 uneven surfaces , SUCKS 1.5 inch thick at most ; ZeRO stARS , EggCrate Foam Mattress Pad - ad says 3 inches ; not 3 inch thick.sold by EVA MEDICAL GROUPS LLC.vendor sucks
 it has a very fowl odor what do i do have tried everything it is still there and I have guests comeing . certainly do n't want them sleeping on that . What do I do ? Should I return it ?
 After several days , it remains unexpanded and unusable . I would guess it 's been in the warehouse since 1952 . The Duro Med -LRB- blue foam -RRB- product was usable in 36 hours without problem , price was similar .
 This product is flat out false advertising . It 's somewhat hard and does not provide anywhere near 3 inches of padding . This was n't worth 5 dollars muchless 45 .
 The item is not as advertised . I have previously purchased a similar item which was very comfortable ; however , this one is not a good product . The foam is stiff and not comfortable like the one purchased previously -LRB- a different brand and clearly different material used in the product . -RRB-
 Thin , over-priced , very bad quality . Do n't bother with this . Go to Walmart or Target . Very disappointed in this and I sent it back immediately .
 Not as supportive as others I 've purchased in the past . May as well have gottern a 1 &#34; . , foam eggcrate .
 These were supposed to be Support Hose ... they would n't support anything . I threw all three pairs in the trash ... bad purchse.Phil gunn
 this product releif joint pains but may need some timHESHeithink not less than a6 months but it may cause some abdominal bloating which can be tolerated dont stop it if no improvment try it for at least 2 years.BEST WISHES FOR IMROVING .
 I have contacted this Amazon affiliate and they did not have the courtesy to reply back . If they do n't answer for a purchase inquiry , I wonder how they would resolve a customer issue .
 The item is beautifully simple and a great product in theory . But it illuminates just about a few millimeters too short to be of use . I tried it on DH and he tried it out on me , but we got similar results . You could see the inner ear canal clear as day and get more clarity on earwax than you would ever hope . But the eardrum itself looks like a slightly illuminate white thing just barely out of reach of the otoscope , no matter how far you stick it in -LRB- and quite honestly -- it 's not comfortable nor recommended if you push it that far -RRB- . I thought maybe it was because it was that our adult sized ear canals were just a bit too long and tried it out on my sleeping 2 year old . I had the same problem , but compounded by much more earwax in her ears.I really had high hopes for this product . : o -LRB-
 This mitt is supposed to work using static electricity . When it comes to static , my couch wins . There was lots of static happening , but all of it was causing the hair to stick to the couch .
 I specifically ordered this Cup & Cane Holder set to mount on my rollator type walker so I could mount my cane to it . The cane clamp is made of a very rigid molded plastic with an opening of only 5/8 inch . Most canes are larger in diameter than that . So , it 's completely useless to me.I think the item description should mention this so more people wo n't waste time and money on them .
 I used this for 1 trip . It does n't hold very many things securely and sticks out so far that people bumped into it !!! A bottle of water falls all over the place . I took it off and bought one that folds up when not in use , and is adjustable for each container.I do not recommend this item !!
 This neck wrap was okay for about a week . A few issues with it :1 . When heated , it does n't get very warm , and it does n't stay hot for very long - maybe 10 minutes at most . According to the instructions , it must cool down completely before reheating .2 . After a few uses , heated according to the directions , it began to smell burnt - not very pleasant .3 . After a few weeks of use , I removed it from the microwave after heating it up for 2 minutes , and it was smoking and had 2 holes burned through it.I 'll be shopping for a different neck wrap ...
 The cover is nice and comfortable , but the inside does not get very warm . I had an older `` sand bag '' and it was wonderful . The cover finally busted and it left me with nothing . For Christmas my husband purchased this . My issues :1 . Does n't get warm enough to sit and relax2 . Gives off a moist heat3 . I burned it ! I microwaved it for about 3 minutes and I burned the seeds inside . It smelled so bad I had to put it outside.I ended up taking all the seeds out of this and putting in the filling from my other bag . It works like a charm now ! If only the company could figure it out . I would n't buy this product again .
 These things stink so bad it almost makes me puke . Really though , the smell is so overpowering and it 's not even a good smell to begin with .
 well let me start by stating that this so call enhancer does nothing to your body but pain when i started taking it on two or three days i began noticing a pain below on my part like where the prostate is located and immediately i stop using it i though that maybe it was something else and tried again several weeks later to get the same pain again so i discard it
 Irish Spring Aloe dried my skin out and made me itch which is odd because it has Aloe . I thought I 'd give it a try and I did like the scent , but I am going back to DIAL soaps .
 I bought this product for my aging in-laws at the behest of my wife , a nurse and a really wonderful daughter to her parents.The product was priced right but the shipping and handling charges were way out of line ! The product is made on Long Island , the distributor is from Brooklyn and I live in Queens . The mail envelope was not even a pound for the 6 boxes yet S&H ; cost me $ 11.00 more than 50 % of the cost of the product . So to advertise a low price the distributor adds the REAL COST of the product with bogus or inflated S&H ; costs.My wife is a wonderful daughter to her parents and I will now search for a cheaper supplier . But as for repeat business , I do n't think so .
 recv 'd credit promptly when I contacted and returned item free of charge-how difficult can it be to pick one item correctly ?
 I can not hardly stand to take these , but I ordered them and I will finish the bottle . They get stuck in the back of my throat and I have been taking supplements most of my life . I will stick with the chews ... same brand and more delightful .
 I received this as a gift and decided to give it a try one day . Luckily I was not in a hurry . Trying to use all the products in a timely fashion would be an exercise in futility . Started with the facial cleanser which really felt no better than using a regular bar of soap . Next came the pre shave oil . I absolutely hated the oil . It came out really quickly through the large opening . I spread it on my face but could not get it off of my hands with regular washing . I literally had to wipe it off with a towel . Then the shaving cream . It was quite thick . Thicker than lotion . If you are used to shaving with regular shaving cream , it will be difficult for you to judge how much to use . I had to go back to the bottle 3 times to get more . It was also difficult to squeeze out with the oil on my hands from the previous step . During shaving , I did not like the fact that the shaving cream would not rinse off the blade very well . It stick to the razor like the oil sticks to your hands . The after shave balm was decent , providing a nice tingly feeling . The best part about this kit is the bag .
 I tried this product based on other reviews online . I followed directions the first eve -- 4 capsules . The next a.m. I felt fluish and used the bathroom frequently . I cut it down by 1 tablet every eve for the next 2 evenings . I got progressively sicker . After just 3 days , I stopped and it took me an entire week to recuperate . For 8 days I felt nauseated with a headache and achey all over . I 'm not a big person so maybe it was too strong for me or something -LRB- I 'm 5ft4inches and 115 lbs . -RRB- I would never recommend this product .
 Simply this product did not work for me . I followed the directions as stated . I added more pills daily and drank water with lemon.This product was a waste of money.Congrats to the people it did work for .
 The first day black stuff . The following days just miserable diahrea , nothing old dissolving . Am returning it . Does n't work .
 I will perhaps like the snap on handle eventually , IF i can find brushes that are n't too large . The two cylindrical brushes included with the handle are useless -- they are very thick . They wo n't even enter the huge space I have -LRB- which will admit something as thick as a business card -RRB- . I threw them out . I kept the handle and MIGHT spend more money on a tapered brush if I can find a fine one . I did order their tapered brushes and found those to be too large -LRB- more money wasted -RRB-
 We love Beanpod candles and have ordered from many different companies and the last 4 do notburn like they are suppose to . The wax still remains about 1 inch around the inside of the glassand does not melt or give off the lemon smell . Are these old ? Beanpod candles are the best and we have never had a problem with these candles ? Will probably not order from this company again .
 I 've been searching high and low for a green-tea scented candle . I have found a lot of `` green tea/citrus '' and scents like that , but not just simply `` green tea '' . So when I found this one , I bought it right away . None of the other reviews I read , even negative ones , seemed to mention Beanpod candles smelling gross . So I bought it . Candles cost too much as it is , but when I spend 20 bucks and then get something like this , I 'm very disappointed.It did not smell like green tea in the slightest . The best I can come up with to describe the smell -LRB- which I could smell before even opening my package when it came in the mail -RRB- , was some cross between AXE Body Spray and campground latrine disinfectant . It stung the nostrils . Just awful . I do n't know how anyone could find this scent enjoyable , let alone claim that it smells anything like green tea .
 I purchased the Beanpod Patchouli scented candle and I am very disappointed . It has been burning for hours and there is absolutely NO fragrance emanating from it at all . Also , it seems to be burning only in the middle . I have purchased these Beanpod candles years ago from a store and always loved them , especially the Patchouli scent . The store in our area stopped selling them , I found this on-line and made the purchase . I WILL NOT be buying another Beanpod candle again . I could have gone to a discount store for a crappy candle and spent a lot less money .
 I bought this candle after I was told that these were the best smelling and stronger than yankee candles . I have to say , I can barely smell this candle at all . I am VERY disappointed in this purchase . I got the Pumpkin Pie scented one .
 This was my initial Beanpod candle purchase . The mixed reviews caused me concern , but the positive ones swayed my decision to purchase this expensive candle.I ordered the Honeysuckle scented candle . When it arrived I was immediately concerned as there was no fragrance surrounding it even though it was 75 degrees Fahrenheit.The scent of this candle is a cross between dog urine and cat urine - not ANYWHERE NEAR the sweet nectar scent of honeysuckle!Planned ` obsolescence ' is built into these candles as the wax remains circumferentially 1/2-inch on the glass . It does not melt . I will not order any Beanpod items again . I am VERY disappointed in this purchase . I agree with another reviewer , the Beanpod candles smell gross . The candles are pricey and the scent is horrid . I too burned the candle for hours thinking that the wax on the sides would melt and that maybe as it went deeper into the candle that the scent would improve , but it did not improve .
 I have been a loyal Beanpod customer for years . I absolutely LOVE the pomegranate scent and Earthly Embrace scent . I have purchased my pomegranate scent from 2 different places and received 2 different scents . Even though they are properly labeled , colored and the exact same size - they smell nothing of the same . I contacted Beanpod Candles and they assured me they have not changed the scent formula , but the proof is in the wax . Buyer beware . Smell your candles before you burn them and find out the return policy . I do n't know who is responsible for this but it seems no one knows what is going on and what the reason is for 2 different scents . Very disappointing . Beanpod did n't even offer to make amends for this in any way . The distributor offered to take back the ones I have not burned , as long as I pay for shipping . 4-5 25 oz candles can get pretty heavy / $ $ $ $ . Does n't make any sense to bother returning . I 'd probably get about 3 % of my money back in the end .
 The lemon citrus scent is weak compared to the other scents out there . On a brighter note , the candle itself is long-lasting .
 I wish I had seen the reviews about the smell before I bought ! It smells like the worst stinky feet I have ever smelled in my life . The taste is pretty awful , too . I tried a few things to make it better -LRB- honey , lemon , I forget what else -RRB- and I still could barely get it down . I did drink a large cup , though , but it did not help me sleep at all . If anything I had a harder time sleeping that usual , but that was probably coincidence . I 'll be throwing this out ! If I could give it no stars I would .
 I have enjoyed other Alvita teas , so I was looking forward to the Burdock tea . I 'd read that some reviewers complained that the tea was loose in the packaging . I 've seen a little bit of that before and was n't worried . My burdock tea arrived , and more than half of the tea bags were empty , with the burdock root -LRB- and magnesium powder -RRB- loose in the packaging . I do n't know if the tea bags are too porous , or if they are having packaging issues , but I recommend getting this tea as loose &#34; leaf &#34; rather than in tea bags , since it wo n't arrive in the bags .
 it tasted awful almost stale and old and it smell bad . will not buy again bilberry tea was not for me even with all the great benefits .
 Ordered this type of tea because I saw on Dr. Oz 's website that this tea supposedly helps with cravings if you drink it in the afternoon . The taste is bad , horrible ! I had to add some honey to makeit taste a bit better . Tried this for 4 days in a row and it did n't aid in cravings , cravings as in food cravings . This tea sucks . I also read on other websites that if consumed long term , may have side affects . Discontinuing this tea for sure .
 i dont like this tea.i will not buy it agine because it dont test right.dont think i will use it so it is a wast of money
 This tea was suggested by Dr. Oz on his show about how to sleep better . I suffer from insomniaso I bought the wheat germ , Chia seeds and Valerian tea he said would help . Have n't used the wheat germ yet , the Chia seeds we are absolutely loving , especially on top of a crisp salad , but the Valerian tea tastes so horrible I ca n't even force myself to sip it while holding my nose ! It has a real earthy , almost `` manure '' like taste . The woman he had try it on the show sipped it and said `` Oh , that 's not bad ! '' So I took a chance . I swear , they must have paid her to give it a tasty review . It 's vile and I already threw all three boxes of it in the trash !
 I purchased this tea because I was told that it helps with excess gas but this tea has made worsen my gas problem . I am very disappointed with the purchase
 This was a waste of money , the item was late , package was torn up , and the tea was terrible , not a good product in my opinion and bad handling .
 This tea has a very strong odor and taste . Really , I have to double zip lock it and place it in the cabinet above the stove.Since I refuse to throw anything out , I make the tea and put peppermint flavoring -LRB- or mints -RRB- to cover the taste.If you are looking for a sleep remedy try melatonin pills , or chamomile tea .
 I saw this product recommended on Dr Oz show for kidney health so I gave it a try.the taste is not to my likeing so I am trying to ween my way into it . it is an aquiered taste so if you are adventurest and want to try something new than go for it.not really for me though . good luck
 if you have misgivings about magnesium stearate , do n't buy this product . it 's a white powder packed with the tea bags that you need to do your research on before you decide about it . i have decided against it after reading various diverse views .
 The Red Clover Tea 30 Bags is over priced and it does nothing for me . Try the health food loose peppermint tea for $ 1.40 per oz . and the tea holder is $ 2.50 .
 I bought this hoping it would reduce my allergy symptoms but it did not . I also do not like the taste of this tea .
 I bought this tea at my health food store because I thought it looked interesting . The name and the description really pulled me in , as well as the picture on the box . At first I was confused as to what the taste reminded me of , but then I realized it reminded me of pink Necco mints . I do n't drink sugar in tea , but I think if I did and I had put some in this tea it would 've made it overbearing . However , after drinking this tea once every day for a week or so , I 'm finding it to be almost like a chore . I love the health benefits and this tea has actually helped me feel pretty good after drinking a cup , but the taste is becoming a bit overbearing . As I mentioned early in my review , the taste is reminiscent of pink Necco mints -LRB- minus the mint part , of course -RRB- but it can be hard for me to get through a cup of it because after awhile that Necco taste begins to remind me more and more of chalk . Yes , it definitely has a chalky flavor . I will still continue to drink this tea until the box is gone but I do n't think I 'll be buying any more of it unless it has some sort of miraculous effect on me later on down the box . Still , it was worth a try because it was nice at first .
 I 've had this tea before , and it does the trick . Tastes nasty , but gets you sleepy . Unfortunately , this past order from , Nutricity , never showed up . I wrote to them and their response was inadequate . I wrote again , and they ignored me . Luckily , Amazon gave me a refund .
 Are you supposed to avoid sugars if you have a urinary tract infection ?
 This tea tastes nasty . Maybe I just dont like sage but it made me gag !
 It has been over three weeks and I still have not received this product . And , they have charged me for it already ...
 I paid over $ 13.00 for `` expedited '' delivery and the product still took FIVE days to arrive . Would not buy from them again .
 I only used two maybe three tea bags and got pregnant - can not drink during pregnancy . Not a bad taste , but I 'm not a big tea fan either .
 It tasted horrible . I could n't stand to drink it without lots of sugar By adding all that sugar I was defeating it 's propose .
 I would love to say that this tea was great , but unfortunately it tastes terrible . I read many reviews and most people said it had a tolerable taste , I would like to know these other people are eating in comparison . I added lemon juice , sugar , cranberry juice &#8230; anything recommended to make it taste better , but nothing helped . I would recommend that you just take the pill supplement instead.This is in no was a reflection on the seller , they were great , fast shipping , but the tea was gross !!
 I was quite disappointed in the lack of freshness of the Bilberry Tea . It has a stale flavor that I 've not encountered in other Bilberry Teas .
 I 'm not a tea drinker , so I 'll start with that right off the bat . However , I was reading online about some non-medication ways of coping with a stuffy nose . One of them mentioned Mullein tea as a natural remedy to combat mucus , so I schlepped down to my local health food store to buy a box of 24 tea bags , for about a buck more than they are here on Amazon . Not only did drinking this tea 3-4 times a day for a couple days have ZERO effect on my stuffy nose , but this was the worst cold/cough/flu I 've had in about 10 years . Obviously I ca n't prove that this was BECAUSE of the tea , but I am convinced that I wasted my money on this useless product , and that , at least for me , it provided absolutely no results for anything . Sorry .
 The tea tastes absolutely horrible , but according to Dr Oz , it is supposed to be a belly fat buster . I have not lost any inches like the ladies in the article said they did . I will continue to take until all is gone , if I can hold my breath long enough each time to finish the 8 oz at my meal .
 I did n't see the reviews about the smell of this product before buying . Saw it reviewed on Dr. Oz and thought I would try . It was horrible ! I could n't stomach the smell to make it let alone drink it ! It smells so horrible I was afraid of it coming through my pores and left a nasty smell on my fingers from getting it out of the box .
 i ordered this tea to produce more breastmilk after reading on forums how good it is . thinking that it is a very good item I ordered 4 box at one shot ! What a mistake ! I thought I could drink anything but this is the worst thing ever i ever tasted ! Like few others say , it also stinks up your place . I dont know what to do with the whole 4 box , i wasnt even able to drink up the one single cup !
 This review is about the product the seller was great!I heard it was good for sleep could n't find it local so i bought it here . It stunk up my house , taste awful . save your money and buy any other tea out there .
 It was n't what I expected and I 'm a little concerned with the powder residue outside the package within the box that seemed excessive . I have n't got sick from this tea but just concerned and wondered if that was to be expected . The results are hard to determine as I settled for this tea versus another that was n't available . I guess it 's doing about as much as what you could expect .
 This stuff taste the worse , no sweetner helps and it stinks up the place ... Stay away from this stuff , what a waste of money .
 I tried about 3 of these tea bags & threw the rest out , they taste horrible , like musty old earth.I do n't recommned it to anyone.I love green tea ... this just tastes nasty , even tried putting lemon & honey in it , but it 's still awful .
 Stale , tastless crap . Dont bother . The hassle to return is riduclous , you have to pay and it has to be thrown out anyway , Why put customer thru all this for cheap little item .
 I had a hard time drinking this tea as it tastes like cardboard ! There 's no taste or flavor . I do n't know if it actually works to strengthen the uterus as I was n't able to make myself have it for the couple of months required . I 'm not sure if all raspberry tea tastes like this or just this brand .
 I think these had been sitting around in a warehouse for a long time , because it took them a long time to send it to me and , when I got it , the tea tasted like cardboard . I 've had red rasberry leaf tea before , so I know it 's not supposed to taste like this ...
 These tea bags were old and rancid . I thought maybe the bags just smelled bad , but the prepared tea tasted old and rancid as well . I am glad that I did not give this as a gift .
 I bought this product hoping that it would ease my hot flashes . Consistently used this product for a few months with no changes or let up of hot flashes .
 Fenugreek Seed tea smells and tastes awful . I do n't like the taste or smell of curry and this reminded me of it very much . I could not drink even one cup and I have several candles burning trying to get the smell out of my apartment !
 I used to get `` Juniper Ridge Juniper Ridge White Sage & Wild Mint Tea '' and LOVE it with a hint of raw honey and I wanted to give this tea a try . Very disappointed - the tea was tasteless and not what i had expected .
 I know nettle tea has a pretty distinct taste , but this particular brand was just unbearable . The smell reminded me of fish food pellets , and it had a fishy taste , too . I bought a pound of loose nettles from somewhere else for a lot cheaper , and the taste is so much better .
 These reviews are wrong.It may work but I could not swallow this disgusting swill . I have many Teas . Let me describe this one . Get compost from a gardening store and brew that in a french press . The burnt leaf taste is pungent . Take the pills and buy some earl grey .
 I had hoped this tea would taste better but it just tastes to me like I steeped weeds from the backyard .
 This tea is weak at best when compared to other rose hip teas I have tried . The bags have no string and tag . The bags are the limpest and often fall apart while squeezing . The only brand of tea I have ever had do this . I drink 4 to six cups of tea a day of various types and this is a very lame tea .
 This tea smells so bad I cant get the smell outta my house . I know Valerian root does n't smell like roses but this smell is putrid . The affects work ok but not the best
 Supposedly increases milk production ? Yeah , I did n't see a difference after drinking this for a good 3 + weeks . Aside from that , it does n't smell or taste very good . Very herbal medicine-like .
 I have been a tea drinker for many years and this has to be the worst tasting tea I have ever had .
 I love parsley and add it to my cooking all the time . I thought I 'd like this tea but unfortunately , I was mistaken .
 The taste is not great , but it 's bearable . I could not get used to the smell , the unfinished box is still sitting in my drawer and I 've no plans to stock up in future .
 This took way too long to get . It took weeks to finally arrive by mail . It would have been faster to walk there and get it .
 When I opened this alot of the tea sacks were broken and the tea emptied out and spilled everywhere . I steeped some inside my cup and noticed that all sorts of the tea leaves had come out -LRB- I even took a picture and posted it under customer pics -RRB- and when I sipped my drink , tea leave crumbs got inside my mouth ! I havent noticed any effect from the tea though but I have only used it for a few days so maybe it takes awhile . However , if they 'd be able to keep the sacks closed that would help alot !
 The first box I ever bought was good . The tea , to me , tasted better cold than hot so I would make an ice tea of it and refrigerate it until I wanted it . The last few boxes I bought , however , were awful . I would boil the water and steep it and the tea would make this oily film over the top . It would just float and was n't tasty to drink . I know sometimes plants have oils in them but this was excessive and killed the flavor . Not buying this brand again .
 These are not like the disposable dry wipes supplied at my hospital . They are much rougher - not soft and clothlike at all . Much more like a thick , sturdy paper towel.The closest I 've found to the soft dry wipes supplied at hospitals is a disposable washcloth from Babies R Us .
 I expected bio-feedback , and that the game should be a bit New Age . But , this is a game of multiple deities , to become one of the ` blue people ' was not what I wanted . I have played most of the passage and technically the game works . There is no health emphasis , no graduated relaxation or heart rate counters . Rather , you become proficient at controlled relaxation in order to meet a contrived deity , then you are indoctrinated while in a state of hypnosis . I wanted an entertaining way to relax , not to become quasi Hindu .
 The product its self is fine , but the ad is misleading as it SAY 'S you get 180 caps . for the advertized price , but they only send you 90 caps . & say that 's all you paid for .
 Item arrived timely and were the number and type of batteries advertised , but were pulls and most were dead or tested bad . Only 4 out of 50 tested good . I did not find the poor quality until after the return window a few days ago . Therefore , I suggest you either do n't order these or test upon arrival and return if you get a bum bunch like me.The batteries would have been fine , if they were not dead or tested as &#34; Replace &#34; when received .
 As other reviews have pointed out , this item may come in a very flimsy plastic pack . On arrival , the batteries will all be jumbled up , possibly shorting out . Next time I 'll make sure to order batteries that come in smarter packaging ...
 Did not come in the package that was shown , most of product was loose in the package , was missing 4 batteries , & about 10 so far were dead . NOT very happy , paid more for postage & handling than what they were worth . do your self a favor & buy at nearest target .
 Received exactly what I paid . Cheap price for very cheap/poor product . The title says it all . Tried the dead 35 numerous times in a two devices that I knew worked I have finally given up .
 Worst purchase I have ever made . Either the battery does n't work at all , or works for about a minute and then dies . Do not purchase .
 Too good to be true for the price ? You bet and the battery life is so short that I most likely will properly dispose of the rest of them . You get what you pay for certainly holds true with this purchase .
 Trying to use it in a laser point but does n't work . Seems like 100 years old product . Plus took ages to come .
 75 % of the batteries were dead ... total waste of money . Had to throw most of them away . . very disappointed in this product
 These batteries are weak . I used them to replace batteries in some LED Santa hats and they are too weak to make the blue LEDs light up . When I switched them out with batteries from a newly purchased hat , all the lights lit up more brightly .
 Not sure if these batteries are new . They come in a blue plastic packaging , with no name on it . When I ordered these once before they came in a regular battery packaging . Last time I ordered they were in this flimsy blue plastic sleeve all taped up with scotch tape . Most of the batteries were looses inside the bubble mailer . They also took over a month to come in . The seller stated that it took so long because they come from China . Some of the batteries do not work . I guess you get what you pay for , and since I need so many of these batteries it seemed like a home run at first because they are so cheap . But now I think they might not be worth it . I also contacted the seller and explained the problem with no response back .
 The batteries came in a padded mailer that was in good shape . But inside , the batteries were strewn all over the place . Of the 50 batteries , 10 had come apart and spilled something like graphite dust all over . I tested the remaining batteries . Only 13 tested okay . But when I put them in my device , they lasted about 5 minutes . I 'm sure glad I paid less than $ 4 for these batteries , because it was a complete waste of money .
 Really cheap !! worked for less then 1 min , few explode waste of m o n e y , ,
 I purchased some small batteries for my son 's little hexbugs a while back . The package was obviously opened and retape . None of the batteries work at all . Do not trust this seller ! Worst amazon experience ever !
 These batteries were worth the money , because I could have bought two from other sellers for the same price , and we got three useful batteries out of this set of fifty . The others are exploding , one after the other . About fifteen have exploded so far , though it 's difficult to really count , since the pieces are small . Each time we hear another loud bang my kids yell `` A firecracker ! '' I never knew what was inside a battery before , except when they oozed , so this is very interesting . However , it 's not what we bought them for.We 'll be sticking with the more expensive , non-exploding kind after this .
 Batteries came with some of them already busted . Looks scary . The ones that did n't pop still work , but I would n't put it in my stuff . Guess I learned my lesson on not heeding the warnings in the reviews .
 Figured for $ 5 I 'd ignore the 1 star reviews . You get what you pay for . One battery has already popped and several others are already swollen . These are cheap , dangerous garbage . Wo n't bother returning . I 'll just order some batteries from a company who does quality control .
 Order arrived in poor plastic container not what on the picture , batteries were all over the box . The most important , instead of 50 I got only 21 battery .
 Purchased these batteries - Not a single one of them worked . They came packaged in some type of flimsy blue battery holder and were taped up with box-type tape which should have been a red flag right there . As soon as you took the tape off , many of the batteries fell out of the package . I 've tried these batteries in at least four different items and none of them work . I think there 's at least 50 batteries here in this package . However , even with Amazon prime , you still have to pay shipping & handling to return this item , so I guess I 'll just have to throw them out . I 'll pay a little more and go get my batteries at Radio Shack .
 Received these late last year and used two batteries right away-they worked ! Went to use a couple in a device recently and discovered a third of them were were corroded and disintegrated ; guess I should have used them sooner . The device I want to use them in needs three of these batteries-I do not have a volt meter or tester , so I do not know how many of these work . I just ordered an inexpensive tester on Amazon and will see if I can salvage some of these . Sorry , I hate to leave bad reviews !
 As others have reported , these batteries explode . Two of the batteries exploded with black power , presumably toxic , all over the inside of a drawer . I do n't know if these batteries are unstable from a chemical standpoint and explode or whether they develop an internal short , overheat and then explode . Either way , throw them out .
 I bought two trays -LRB- @ 50 -RRB- of these.One was fine , but several of the batteries in the other exploded.I kept them in a cabinet with glass shelves in my bedroom and at night I 'd be awoken by a ` pling ' when parts of one battery hit the shelf above .
 Yikes ! Batteries exploding seriously shot 10 feet across my living room and black powder left behind . 3 exploded near my computer . One shot straight up past my 2 month old and landed on her lap ! Are you kidding . They are like bombs with a rocket engine . It 's scary . I put them in a sandwhich bag to see if I would have anymore and sure enough of the 20 I put in only 1 did not explode . Do n't waste your money or put your little kids at risk . I was using them for Hex Bug Nano .
 Brought for hex bugs . 90 % of the batteries do not work , many of them bulge and look like they are or have leaked . I opted not to return but to safely recycle . I do not recommend these batteries .
 Batteries were cheap but do n't have strong charges and I 'll probably end up throwing most of them out before I can use them .
 What a joke this was more then half did not work hubby had to test them to seewhich ones worked and what did not .
 Many were DOA and very hot to the touch . I am sure several will explode any time now . You get what you pay for !
 After these batteries came in the mail they worked for a few weeks and then after that they all lost charge and died . Cheap pieces of junk
 I bought these after the great reviews and the super cheap price ... I should have know I would get what I paid for . The first few batteries that I installed worked great . But after just a few short months all of the remaining batteries lost their charge -LRB- and they were not by any magnets -RRB- . Waste of money ... buy the name brands that last longer !
 At least 75 % of these batteries were dead and those that did work only worked briefly . Not worth the `` savings ''
 i wish there was a negative rating I could give . Half of the batteries did not work out of the box . I would not buy them again .
 These batteries wear out 10 time quicker than the Duracell s I purchased . I have about 40 left , and I do n't know what to do with them . I guess I would call turkey a ripoff .
 I bought these because they were a good value and I needed them for my Hess Trucks collection . Quality is terrible . About 10 % of them were broken -LRB- split in half , bulging , sand-like substance oozing out -RRB- . I ca n't imagine these chemicals are good for my children . Even worse , a good number did n't work right off the bat . Within a year , they were all dead before I used them once -LRB- and more showed signs of bulging and breaking apart -RRB- . Buy the name brand -LRB- Maxell last in the box for years and they work great -RRB- , the price difference is n't worth the trouble .
 I bought 2 packs , total 100 cell batteries from the seller on Oct 2012 . I opened it and replaced the music book and a toy a while ago.I found 9 button cell batteries not working . Until I tried the 10th , then it worked.I am wondering how many cell batteries are not working from my purchase and how long they could last for those unused .
 This battery is supposed a 1.5 V battery . None ... None -LRB- ! -RRB- of the 50 batteries arrived with more than 1.3 V and most were worthless at less than a volt . Shame on Amazon for letting such bogus product be sold via Amazon ! Once again , if the deal looks too good to be true , it probably is !
 Bought these batteries and hoped they came individually packaged . They are not ! They are bulk packed on trays of 50 each . So far so good ? Well , they arrived half spilled throughout the box and , in fact , one of the batteries had shorted out and actually exploded !!!!! Also , the count was off by 4 ! Not a good way to do business . Checked a sampling of the remaining batteries and they all seem to be fully charged . So , that 's a good thing . No 5 star rating this time ! Should have spent a little more and gotten the carded batteries .
 I knew it would be a crap shoot given the other reviews . First , the batteries were not properly secured in the plastic tray for shipment . They were all spilled out and some were warm from shorting out on each other . Second , out of 50 , only 15 had a measured voltage of 1.49 or higher . The rest averaged about 1.35 v. I would n't have cared so much about the packing if they were all good . I ca n't say for sure if it is battery quality or if the bad packing caused them to short out and be bad . I returned them all for a refund after properly securing them for shipment .
 These batteries do not last long and carry a weak initial charge . I purchased these as HexBug replacement batteries , but they could not provide the power the bugs needed to move around quickly . Instead we had slow unexciting bugs . Many where DOA .
 Disappointed ... bought for price , arrived and all batteries were on a card -LRB- not individual -RRB- and had shaken loose into a pile of batteries when I opened them . I have not used them or checked the charge . Would not have bought if I knew they were not individually blistered . The purchase detail showed individual blistered .
 I 'm gon na go through this quickly.We got our item today . I ordered these Monday , Nov 28 . They arrived exactly 2 days later . The packaging was pathetic and not simple to get into . Plastic holders pressed together , taped , wrapped with a plastic zipper bag and taped again.The batteries did n't respond when we put them in our electronic device . Then we wiped them down and tried again . After two brisk rubdowns in a towel , they worked great.If you 're willing to rub each battery clean , this is a good deal for you .
 Some of the batteries do not work . My son was disappointed as these were for his hexbugs . Next time i will not look for the cheapest price
 The batteries only last for a short time their life is about 4 hours . Which means you change them constantly . Not worth the money . Do not buy these !!!
 Bought this bargain pack -LRB- should 've known by the price -RRB- 2 months ago . Used a few the first time since purchasing them and only 2 out of the pack of 50 were good . All the rest were either completely or nearly dead , according to our voltage tester . Some were even bulged like they were recharged.Live and learn !
 My batteries did not work . There are enough positive reviews here that I will assume I just got a bad batch or something . Only two of the 50 seemed to have even the slightest bit of power . The batteries were not even a consistent size . Some were a little thinner and a couple were much thicker than the normal size for this type .
 I ordered these to use with my kids ' hexbugs . Most of the batteries in the pack were either dead or almost dead . Big disappointment .
 I bought these as Amazon indicates they will work in the Nano and Hex bug toys . The price seemed too good to be true , when compared to what you pay for the Nano bug batteries in toy stores . I used them for the first time tonight and I was not happy . My son had five Nanos that needed a new battery and I ended up going through ten of these batteries in 20 minutues . Two of the batteries did not work at all . The other eight worked but the Nanos did not seem as `` active '' as usual . Several needed another replacement battery within 10 minutes . I still have forty batteries left so we 'll see what happens with them .
 My order arrived quickly and was well packaged . However , out of 50 batteries only 15 actually worked . The rest were DOA . I 'm pretty disappointed .
 Battery packaging was poor and batteries arrived loose w / some positive and negative terminals touching . Batteries were also weaker than the ones they were replacing .
 I did n't have any problems using the batteries in some lavalier mics , but I was shocked to one day see what looked like black powder all over the desk at my office . Further investigation showed the black material had come from my bulk pack of batteries and inside the open package there were two batteries burst completely open.My office mate said she had one day heard a loud bang , like a gunshot or the window cracking . Nope , just these batteries.I threw out the entire batch as a result . Not worth the risk .
 I really needed these for my kids ' toys and I could n't have found them at a better price ! Work great , too!Update - Only a few days after I wrote this review , I went to grab some of these batteries for a toy and found that most of the batteries in the pack had exploded ! Wo n't buy again !
 No name cheap batteries , I took a shot because they were so cheap . They showed up , half had already exploded , and the rest were already on there way to doing so , not filled correctly when manufactured , or not stored correctly . The few that were ok , lasted for about 2 hours . The only good thing was the price , they were soo cheap it was n't worth my time to return them .
 I purchased this pack hoping to save some money on the typically expensive button cell batteries but at least half of the batteries in the blister pack look like they are bulging . After 2 weeks some of them started to leak . Of the ones that are left , I 'm hoping that they are somewhat useable but it 's simply not worth my time to return them . DO NOT BUY this product unless you want to take a chance that 10 out of the 50 batteries are actually useable .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase . -LSB- 1 -RSB- The arrival time is longer than other vendors as other orders I put in at the same time arrived sooner than this seller ; -LSB- 2 -RSB- The package was loose and the batteries were scattered inside the wrap ; -LSB- 3 -RSB- There are broken batteries in the package and the chemical powders are scattered inside the package and apparently these broken batteries are useless and I had to clean other unbroken batteries and many of them had de-shaped to `` pregnant '' looking instead of top-flat ; -LSB- 4 -RSB- Many batteries look so dirty that I suspect they may be old or even used batteries and I have very low confidence on the quality of these batteries .
 I purchased a 50 pack of LR44 alkaline batteries from plexsupply on September 20 , 2010 ... about two months after I had received the package , the batteries starting falling apart IN THE PACKAGE ... the center piece of the button cell came off and all the battery acid fell out ... I kept the batteries in a drawer in my house so temperature is not a factor ... I had to throw every battery away ... NEVER PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT ... I was required to give this product a rating so I picked the lowest offered , but I would give this item a minus 100 stars at least
 So out of 50 batteries we have the following :26 that have a decent amount of charge17 that have little or no charge6 that have a marginal amount of charge and1 that has its polarity backwards.I will be sticking with the name brands from now on .
 My children love these littleHexbug Nanos , and the Nanos love using up batteries . Desiring to keep our costs down while still keeping our colony of `` bugs '' alive , I decided to try out `` generic '' LR44 batteries . Unfortunately , these Plexon batteries turned out to be rather a disappointment -- they just do not last . Within a day and sometimes on the same day of battery installation I will feel a tug on my pant leg followed up by a little voice saying , `` Bug need more juice , daddy . '' When used in Hexbug Nanos , these batteries do not last more than a couple of hours . I am giving these Plexon batteries two stars because the price-to-play-time ratio is just not high enough . They do n't merit one star because they do work -- just not well . I will not be purchasing Plexon brand again , though I will concede to `` you get what you pay for '' with batteries . I will try at least one more generic brand before moving on to a `` name brand . '' One other thing worth mentioning about my experience with the Plexon batteries is that several of them have leaked after they have died . You will want to recycle them properly soon after they have drained .
 Purchased `` From PLEXSUPPLY -LRB- Fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- '' . NONE of the batteries were any good . Tested `` replace '' using a battery tester , and certainly did not work in any of our items these were purchased for . These were not just weak ... they were dead . One or two of the batteries tested `` on the line '' between `` replace '' and `` good '' ... but did not have enough juice to power a laser light toy at all . Luckily these were fulfilled by Amazon , so returning is not a problem . Would not recommend .
 I have never before bought any product on Amazon that was this bad , the packing that contained the battries was very bad the battries themselves were so bad that some of them had poped apart.Please do not buy this product . Amazon should pull there add .
 The batteries came in a timely manner and I received the correct order but the batteries did not hold a charge for long if at all . I was expecting batteries with a longer lifespan .
 It is nice to get all these batteries in one package , but I did n't need any for 5 months and at that point I found that 25 of 50 of them were dead . Even though that is still an OK deal , one would expect all of them would be good . Now it is too late to return them . My advice when dealing with this seller is to check all the batteries upon receipt .
 More than half of these batteries did n't work . I guess you get what you pay for ! I would have given no stars if they 'd have let me .
 Disappointed that these have still not arrived . Had hoped that these would arrive early December so that employees could wear blinking Santa hats ! Still waiting ...
 The way they are packaged for shipment amounts to placing them in a bag where they short explode and arrive dead .
 Of the 50 batteries I received -LRB- pretty much all in one pile in a taped together tray -RRB- , 22 were way below the 1.5 V output expected of these batteries . Only about 10 were up to the full expected new battery voltage.A few work , but I think that the poor packaging shorted many of the batteries in shipping!Or they are just awful batteries as suggested in many of the other recent reviews .
 As of 1/6/12 , there are 29 one star reviews out of 135 for this product . Many of those reviews say the batteries exploded or leaked . Ho can we get Amazon to stop selling this dangerous item ?
 I bought these batteries to power my cat 's laser toy that normally works with AG13 batteries . I tried them and they never worked ; I tried it with several of them . It says on the box it replaces AG13 and it would n't work . Cat lasers are n't even real lasers , so they do not require that much power .
 I was disappointed in this item ... Tianqiu AG13 Alkaline cell battery , It does n't have enough voltage to power a laser light -LRB- for my cat -RRB- . I should have ordered a premium brand rather than this cheap brand to get enough power .
 Do n't buy . None of the battery worked . All useless , no charge . Very bad packaging , Glue of the tape sticks to the battery .
 Most of the batteries do not work . Some are even oddly shaped ! The couple dollars I spent is not worth the hassle to return ... my daughter just wants to use her angel snow globe at night , whom she thinks is my recently deceased mother watching over her . Spending endless time at night finding three of theses little batteries to light up the snow globe is ridiculous . Another lessen to me ... do n't buy !
 We bought these batteries thinking they were a great deal . No where on the product review did it say only half of them would work or that there was a possibility that the life would be shorter . We have thrown out about half of the batteries so far at this rate it 's not looking to be as good of a deal as I thought . Well lesson learned you get what you pay for .
 Batteries do not work . Entire tray is dead , or AG13 is * not * equivalent to LR44 . I did * not * order AG13 !
 ok ok o ko ko k oko k ok o kok ok ko ko ok OK.OK OK OK Ok OK !
 what kind of online business is this ? it tooks a whole 3 weeks to be arrived but that is not the problem . The problem is when I received these batteries . . they are not correctly packed , the batteries were held together by a simple two pieces of plastics which are temporarily taped . but the worst thing is the batteries are all dead . none are working ... and the cost to send it back would cost as much as how much they would sale . !!! I 've learn my lesson . . going cheap would pay the price !!! Sucks !!!!
 It only last two days and then its dead . I bought it for ahearing aid for my husband . The original battery lasted over 5 years
 &#34; Although still a bargain for the price , 29 cells out of 50 well below nominal voltage 6 of which were dead . If I had to guess I 'd say these were very old stock . I would not buy from the seller again . Seller please do not contact me . do n't buy these unless you have a meter and are willing to gamble . I do not know yet how the &#34; good &#34; ones will perform , read others comments . &#34;
 These batteries were a bargain compared to buying them at retail stores however quite a few of them have opened up and spilled their carbon inerts all over the place . I suppose its better than having battery acid all over , but still , rather disappointing . Seems like they may not have been glued together sufficiently .
 I ordered this for the many battery-powered Thomas the Tank Engine cars for my little boy . I had n't replaced many of them because of the expensive price of the batteries , but then decided to look online for a cheaper option . I was thrilled to find these , even if they did n't work long , at least there were 50 . WRONG . They are n't compatible with A76 . They seem to be the correct size , but they would n't stay in place in the battery compartment . I could get them to work if I put my finger in there and shoved the batteries up against the sides to get some connectivity . None of my exploded -LRB- like other reviewers noted -RRB- and the packaging was as expected -LRB- in a plastic sheet with bubble wrap around it -RRB- but you do n't get what they say you are getting . Oh well , back to the battery-less trains until I find something in between the expensive and the not expensive . I returned the items .
 Only about half of the batteries actually worked . I had to throw the rest out . No expiration date on the package . Made in China . Junk !!
 I wipe off the batteries before use as suggested however batteries are weak and last less than a day . Not such a great deal like I thought .
 The product ordered was not the product delivered . I Threw it away because it was not worth the price of returning . I ordered hearing aid batteries size 13 . What was delivered was batteries for watches or diabetis testing machine 13eg . Much to big to fit a hearing aid .
 Great price , but that does n't make a difference if you 're sent the wrong merchandise , I received LR41 button cells -LRB- instead of the LR44 -RRB- which are useless to me . I tried to get this corrected and decided it is cheaper and less time consuming to just let it go and order elsewhere .
 I 've purchased from Amazon before , but was disappointed this time . Never have figured out how I paid for or authorized payment for this purchase . When I downloaded the song in my files , even though it was advertised as karaoke song ; it was n't . Also , once I played the song it disappeared . And that 's OK , as it was n't what I wanted . I 'm not complaining about a song that cost $ .89 , but I never realized I approved a final purchase or how ITweedle Dee -LRB- Karaoke -RRB- paid for the song . Maybe my mistakes all aroung , but I 'm not happy .
 These batteries are not very good and about 10 out of 50 were bulging and ready to explode . The package is not what is on the product picture , it is a bulk package and lousy at that . You are better off going to your local flea market and buying cheap batteries .
 Most of these batteries do n't even work . I received them quickly enough , but most of them are bulgy at the bottom and do n't even work . If they do work , they work for a very short while before they die and I have to throw them away . Save your money -- do n't buy these batteries !
 -LRB- Note
 Only a handful of these batteries had any life in them at all , and the ones that did were weak . Definitely worth it to spend more money for batteries that actually work . Hate just dumping these shells of batteries into the landfill .
 The batteries had all fallen out of their packaging - some cells were coming apart with green stuff . Some kind of dust , probably toxic , was covering them and the inside of the box it came in . I tested a few that looked intact and they lasted for a few minutes then quit . These went straight to the trash . Waste of time and money !
 These batteries were sold at an unbelievable price . I should have know better . Half the batteries were dead to begin with and the other half were so weak they only lasted a short while.Don ' t bother buying these . You are better off paying a little more and getting batteries that actually work .
 I ordered these batteries and when I opened up the package , half of the batteries fell apart into a bunch of little pieces . I felt like my hands were touching toxic dust particles .
 The packaging was in a cheap plastic container tray , wrapped in messy clear tape that looked ridiculous . Not a factory package like in the pic . ALSO , THE CHARGES WERE LOW . WAS THIS USED ? Seriously , a waste of my time and money . I wish these shady companies would get out of Amazon and stop cheating people . Go buy a name brand for a decent seller and starve these bottom feeder companies out .
 I purchased these batteries on Jan 11 2011 . I got them at a unreal price and that alone should have warned me When I received the batteries they were out of the package and just all loose.Whenn I used them the first time I had to go thru at least a dozen Batteries before I found one that worked.The ones that did work were so weak that they hardly made the toy run . Another reminder You get what u pay for . NEVER AGAIN
 Too good to be true . I never leave reviews , but I felt the need to let people know that this is a scam . Of these 50 , about 5 of them actually worked , and not for very long . Not happy at all . Do n't waste your money !!
 Most of the batteries are dead or barely working . i needed 3 and i had to go through 9 of them to find 3 that worked .
 Most of the batteries in my package are dead . DO NOT BUY !! I would definitely not buy these batteries again .
 I bought these a couple months ago and when I needed a few today I was surprised to find that three had exploded at some point and there was black power all over inside the container . I checked the remaining batteries with a meter and found that 42 were bad , two were low , and and three had acceptable voltage . I was n't expecting stellar batteries for the price but would have preferred ones that did n't explode . I should note that my order arrived in bulk packaging with the batteries arranged in a dimpled plastic tray but not individually constrained . I see they appear to be individually packaged now so maybe they are better .
 This did n't quite help my wife in getting in to the car seat -LRB- we tried it both for the front seat and the rear seat -RRB- . While it did give her a good hand hold , the bar itself was an impediment to entering the car . Perhaps it might work with a different individual on a different vehicle , but in her case -LRB- getting into car from a transporter chair -RRB- it unfortunately did not work with our car -LRB- Subaru Outback -RRB- .
 I bought a 6 pack of this inhaler due exclusively to the great reviews on it >> > `` Its WONDERFUL ... Best Ive ever Used ... ETC > < < < My Opinion is it burns my sinuses if used too long . IT doesnt have a good odor , certainly not one I want up my NOSE . The Vicks Inhaler is 10 times better and will never burn no matter if you left it up your nose for an hour .
 The product is an aerosol can and it does not work AT ALL . It is very frustrating that I paid 42.17 for a product that I can not use and can not return . I do not know if this is a function of how the item was packaged or if it was damaged from the start . I do not recommend buying any product like this via the internet -- especially if you can not return it if the product is damaged .
 I was so anxious to purchase this product after all the rave review 's on the Brown color it offered.After first putting this on my skin ; the color is in fact brown ; however , after about 5 hours of it coloring the skin , the resulting color is 100 % orange.Reluctantly the color washes off easy ; so I was able to wash this right off.I tried once more a week later ; and unfortunately I received the same result as the first time I had used this product.Spend $ 9 less , and purchase the Neutrogena Spray at Walgreens for a more believable look .
 Sadly this product did not make the cut . Followed directions carefully , gave the charger many hours to do the job but it could not fully charge the batteries provided . 1 out of 4 charged . Tried other batteries and results were worse .
 Not so good . . for me it worked for 12 months ok . . and one night it got on fire.I was lucky I got it on top of a granite top . Charger got totally destroyed as well as my new Sanyo batteries.Low quality Chinese product .
 dead after year and a half of light usage . $ 45 down the drain.good work lacrosse.this is the most powerful charger I 've ever owned , and the most short-lived . dont judge a book by its cover , but this charger looked cheap when I first got it , and explained why it was short-lived .
 The flawed design of this charger will not charge dead batteries . There are annoying time consuming work-arounds but the company -LRB- which acknowledges the problem -RRB- with its untimely customer service , offers absolutely nothing as a solution . They should ship out a second small charger to charge them up to a level for which this charger can then take over . Be prepared to cough up money for a second charger !
 After a year of use it stop working and develop a little melt in the bottom ! I do n't recommend this charger . If I knew before all the reports and melting an stop working of this charger I will never buy it ! . I do n't know how La Crosse do n't recognise the problem ! I need a charger so I got Maha mh-c9000 I 'm happy with it . ! Stay away from la crosse bc 900 bc-9009 ! . Not quite convinced ! google bc-900 melting an make up your mind ! that 's my advice .
 Over the last few years the quality of La Crosse products in general has fallen below acceptable levels . `` New '' battery chargers lasting a year or less , Atomic Clocks and Weather Stations the same . Buttons malfunctioning , firm-FAULT ware existing and updates bug ridden . Buy La Crosse ? BEWARE
 Received this today and started charging the 4 AA 's that were included . Unit began charging as indicated ... two hours later I went to check and the screen was entirely blank and unit seemed to be unoperational . Unplugged , removed batteries , and retried . Nothing . Less than two hours of use and the thing had obviously died . Very disappointing , and a hassle to have to mess with returning , etc. . Will go to local store and buy a shelf brand ...
 Loved the product for the 18 months it worked . With a 1 year guarantee it lived just past it 's deadline .
 Works great , but takes a long time for batteries to charge , and the operation can be cumbersome and frustrating.It does the job effectively , and comes with TONS of great extras and conversions.UPDATE -LRB- 4/2011 -RRB- : This product was only used a few times . I recently tried to charge several batteries , including the ones that came with the unit . Only one of the charge slots would work.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . It is too expensive for something that fails so quickly .
 Without getting into a techno-geek explanation , I can only say I 'm mystified by the good reviews for this product . I can only guess two possible reasons
 First use of the product charging 4 of the supplied AA batteries on the 400mha setting . After a couple of hours , I noticed that 2 of the selection buttons , 2 and 3 where sitting low as if they were depressed . I removed the back and the main board and saw that the charger gotten so hot that the end of the buttons melted ! I believe it is because of poor soldering of the battery connectors of slots 2 and 3 .
 My battery charger was able to recharge batteries for the first month or two , then halfway through charging one AAA battery it just shut off . It no longer responds at all when plugged in and of course does n't charge or test batteries . I have tried contacting La Crosse to get a replacement every way possible -LRB- phone , email and through their website -RRB- . Their website states : Due to the popularity of our products and a higher than expected number of inbound calls we are experiencing some delay in our response time both in phone calls and e-mails . so I waited a month . Still no response . I guess they figure if they make me wait a few months they wo n't have to replace the item at all since it will be out of Warranty.So I ask you
 I left 4 batteries on the unit for overnight refresh . The next thing I found was the # 3 button sink and wo n't come up any more . The battery was very hot . I believe the # 3 button was melt by heat . I have version 33 and purchased on 12/1/2006 . This unit lasts 3 weeks or so .
 I bought the charger . Charged batteries that weekend . Worked fine . A couple of weeks later I tried to charge batteries . It did n't work . Did all the things I was suppossed to do off the website . Did n't work . Sent an email . Got no response . Sent another email , got a good response
 Well I purchased mine Dec 10 2009 and yesterday Dec 25 2009 I was charging a new set of eneloops when I smelled something burning . I went and checked and sure enough the button on the 3rd slot had already collapsed and the screen was turning black . I highly recommend not buying this charger if you value your property . I have just purchased the PowerEx MH-C9000 WizardOne . This was the 6th set of batteries in the charger .
 I charged four sets of cells with this charger experiencing no issues with the first three sets . The first set was the 4 included AAA cells -LRB- 1000mAh @ 700mA -RRB- . The second was the 4 included AA cells -LRB- 2600mAh @ 1000mA -RRB- . The third set was 4 AA NiMH 1500mAh Spektrum cells charged at 1000mA . There were no issues though I was n't checking the underside of the charger.The fourth set of cells was 4 AA 2200mAh Sanyo Eneloop cells charged at 1000mA . Around half way through the charging I began to smell a plastic odor coming from the charger . I immediately unplugged it . The batteries were only luke warm but the bottom of the charger was extremely hot . There was no visible damage or melting but I wo n't risk using this charger again.I charged two sets on the first day and two on the second and did not charge one set right after the other . When I disconnected the charger it was still charging despite the fact that it was clearly overheating . It may have a temperature sensor for the batteries but does n't appear to have one for its own circtuitry.This charger has a nice set of features , too nice for the price point perhaps .
 I bought this and did n't get a chance to try it until after 30 day Amazon return was up . The thing NEVER worked . Plugged it in and no power even got to the charging unit much less the batteries . Have sent 2 emails to their customer support and made two phone calls -LRB- after staying on line for a few minutes they just have you leave a voice mail -RRB- over the past month and never received single response from them . Insane ... Finally I got so frustrated I had an electrical engineer friend of mine look at it . Turns out the circuit board had about a dozen contact points that had n't been soldered . Explains why the LCD display never worked.But the main problem is that they do n't reply to either my emails or my voice mails .
 This unit still has major meltdown issues and should have been recalled long ago . Buyer beware !
 I bought It From Amazon.com LLC SellerNo Issue with the seller , the charger arrived perfect . But after light and sporadic use , all the buttons stopped working . -LRB- Believe me , very light use -RRB- . So , i contacted LaCrosse and they said that they could n't do anything for me , buy another one . Come on ? I would n't ever buy anything from them . Now i would buy the MAHA charger , if that would work like their batteries , i must say , it will be the best charger.Also , the batteries that come with the charger did n't last even 50 cycles .
 I was happy with the charging -LRB- on Eneloop AA batteries -RRB- for a while , but sadly this product eventually stopped powering on at all . Maybe a problem with the AC adapter required to power the device ??
 My LaCrosse BC-9009 charger worked fine for a while , but then the display started flashing and the device would n't charge any batteries . I could usually get it to work by unplugging it and replugging it several times , which apparently would reset the device . LaCrosse Technical Support said that the problem was likely a bad AC adapter . Unfortunately , they do n't sell replacement adapters for this model , even though it was still being sold by the company , so my charger is effectively bricked . Companies that do n't support customers like this do n't warrant my business or yours , especially since this device -- which is supposed to help consumers be more environmentally friendly by the use of rechargeable batteries -- is doing little more than contributing poor-quality devices to your local ecycling facility . Since I wo n't purchase any other devices from LaCrosse , I shopped around and found theMaha Powerex Wizard One MH-C9000 Advanced Battery Charger and Analyzer - Free Deluxe Accessory Storage Case Includedwhich was highly rated on Amazon and comparable in price . The quality of the Powerex is much better than the LaCrosse models , so I highly recommend it instead .
 I know many people like the product and its features -- me too , initially . But after using it for just over a year now , the slots `` 3 '' and `` 4 '' starts displaying `` 000 '' no matter what kind of batteries I put in . Sometimes , it would seems to start charging , showing the current . Then in a few seconds , it will go to `` 000 '' . The manual says it will show `` 000 '' when overheat . But for me , the `` 000 '' will show up even when it first started and the unit is cold ! I have the firmware 33 BTW . Slots 1 and 2 seem to be fine . Just 3 and 4 . But charging 2 batteries at a time is a pain ...
 I received this charger today as a gift . I inserted the 4 2600maH aa batteries that come with the charger and put the charger in the test and recharge mode . The batteries then charged to full charge at 1000ma , then discharged at 500ma for about 5 hours . The battery in position 2 was first to reach full discharge and begin charge -LRB- at indicated 200ma -RRB- . I was watching very carefully at this point . I immediately felt a very hot spot underneath the unit at the number 2 position . After only 5-10 minutes of recharging of the number 2 battery , the number 2 button has melted down and the charger is now ruined . -LRB- The other batteries were still in the discharge mode . -RRB- I am a EE , aware of previous issues with the charge , so I very carefully monitored this first usage . This is a real problem .
 I agree with many of the positive reviews of how great the abilities of this charger are and how it was exactly what I was looking for ... BUT these recent shipments have poor quality control . I 've tried two in Dec. 09 , and both had problems with internal overheating/meltdown/failure whatever you call it , and after just a couple of uses . First I tried a simple discharge cycle on the included 4 AA batteries at 350/700 and the 3 and 4 slot buttons collapsed into the unit and no longer functioned . So I returned it for a replacement . With the second unit I did the same discharge cycle and the 3 slot was kinda collapsed but still working , so I did another disharge cycle of 500/1000 and the 2 slot is now collapsed and does n't function properly . That 's very poor quality control when the unit fails right out of the box . I 'm debating on trying another , only because I really want a charger with these functions -LRB- maybe I should try the bc-700 -RRB- . I thought this was a good deal at thirty-five dollars , but now I 'm very skeptical of receiving not only a working unit but also one with long term durability .
 Had this for 2 years and it worked great until it exploded and killed 4 of my batteries . La Crosse wants $ 25 bucks to review it and I have to pay for shipping . Never buying from them again .
 The positive reviews were very positive . Unfortunately , my experience was similar to those had a bad experience with this device . The buttons on top are disappearing into the body of device . The charging is uneven , the capacity readings make no sense , and the brand new batteries that are charged do n't hold a charge for more than a day . One of the slots no longer charges . I have only had this for a week and have spent considerable time messing around with charge , discharge , test modes with 3 different sets of batteries . I am tempted to return for a new version , because of the positive ratings and I love the features .
 This is NOT a safe charger . Many units , after having been used for a few weeks or so , have started `` burning '' . The buttons melt down into the slots and it becomes so hot it could potentially start a serious home fire . We noticed a strong burning smell while the unit was charging , so we were able to avoid a near tragedy . Since charger was bought for a Christmas gift and it has been over 3 months since purchased , I will only receive 1/2 of the purchase price -LRB- plus having to pay for return shipping ! -RRB-
 This is a neat , multi-featured charger with a wonderful little carry-case , but ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- Out of the box , one AA and one AAA battery were dead . I tried to get them replaced unsuccessfully . -LRB- 2 -RRB- After two uses , another AA battery showed up `` NULL '' on the charger . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The instruction manual is incredibly detailed , but so poorly written that I assumed LaCrosse was a French company ; no , it 's a Wisconsin company . And it lacks a `` Quick Start '' section . I emailed LaCrosse and got a sentence in the one-page-long answer
 I have owned this since August 31st . I have only used it once and it no longer works . 3rd display is out and and the 3 that do work do nothing but blink random numbers for hours not charging anything . It has done nothing but sit on my desk since I first bought it .
 Just a warning . I got this and the transformer was dead . So it may work great , but mine was dead on arrival .
 You are being forewarned ! These are LR03 1.2 V batteries not HR03 1.5 V batteries . That said most of the products out there require a HR03 1.5 V AA batteries rating . What this means is that the LR03 1.2 V batteries -LRB- which these are -RRB- will work but the will not power your electronics to its full potential in addition they will loose power much faster than the HR03 1.5 V AA rated batteries . Not all AAA , AA etc batteries are the same in terms of voltage they are only the same in terms of size . Before fore warned and do n't get burned like I did !
 Based on the reviews here , I recently purchased from Amazon this highly-rated unit . Unfortunately , it arrived `` dead on arrival . '' The first time I plugged it in , following the instructions carefully , 3 of the 4 LCD 's started flashing . # 4 flashed `` 35 , '' while 1 and 2 kept changing.I tried pushing buttons . I tried putting in batteries . Nothing worked . Completely frozen . Brain dead.I was disappointed but , hey , no big deal , I 'll just call LaCrosse 's Customer Service , and they 'll take care of it , right ? But when I reached somebody , she offered no way to test the unit , and admitted that she was utterly clueless about what the problem might be , since it 's a `` new model that just came out . '' She not only knew nothing about the equipment ; she had to ask me what DOA stands for!OK , so one clueless cust service rep ; it happens , right ? But what really irked me is that she then insisted that I pay to ship it back to the company , then they would look into it , and if they agree -- no assurance on this -- that it was defective they would send me ... a factory refurb as a replacement ! I asked her if she thought this was reasonable , and she responded `` My opinion does n't matter ... it 's the company policy , '' and then proceeded to read me again the fine print on the warranty . Exasperated , I said she had convinced me not to purchase from LaCrosse again ; next thing I knew , the line went dead.Fortunately , I was able to return it to Amazon -- who , like any decent company , pays the return shipping on DOAs . In fact , Amazon shipped the new , replacement unit even before my return left the mailbox ! Give thanks for companies like Amazon , and shame on outfits like LaCrosse . Since the reviews are so positive , I 'll give it one more try with the replacement , but with this company ... caveat emptor !
 I had a ton of old rechargeable battery 's that stopped holding charges so I thought from reading all the reviews , that this charger would pay for itself . I followed the directions to renew them , and none of them worked . Disappointed
 Like many other recent purchasers of the BC-9009 , mine has overheated and partially melted one of the buttons . This occurred while charging 4 QUALITY cells -LRB- Duracell rebadged Eneloops -RRB- @ 1000mA . The money you save over a Maha C-9000 is n't worth the damage this charger could do .
 I just received the charger . Was very impressed by the capabilities of the unit . However , when I charged the first set of batteries , I noticed that the one button -LRB- # 4 -RRB- had dropped . On checking the unit , it seemed to be running very hot . In checking the recent reviews on the unit , I see that a lot of folks had the overheating problem . Put me in that category.If it worked , this would be an excellent charger . Clearly though , the manufacturer has to work through some quality control issues.Bob M ---------------- Just a follow-up note . I 've got a replacement coming . If this one has the same problem , I 'll pursue this through the manufacturer . I shipped the current unit back to Amazon already.So I received the second charger and ran it through its paces . This is what I 've found for the new charger .1 -RRB- Everything seemed to be working well when I just used it to charge up the batteries . No problems noted . Does n't seem to be any problem at any current level .2 -RRB- I ran a number of batteries through the discharge cycle . Again , no problem with the unit .3 -RRB- I took two batteries and ran them through the refresh cycle . MELTDOWN OCCURRED.The meltdown started with one of the buttons dropping down . In the case of this charger , it started with the number 3 button . This was then followed by the number 2 and number 4 button dropping down . Shortly thereafter , the heat started to damage the display.I would highly recommend that no one purchase this charger . My next step is to call the La Crosse . Clearly there is a design flaw with the unitFor those of you who have already purchased the unit , I 'd recommend that you not use it . If you do decide to use it anyway , just use it for the regular charging and the discharge function . Do not use it for the refresh function !!!
 I like this charger , BUT ... there is an almost unbelievably serious flaw in the damaged-battery detection algorithm that , in my opinion , overshadows all the nifty features and accessories that have given this product such a high rating.Here is the problem
 Short version : The buttons on the charger dwarfed from melting and prevent me from interacting with the charger . Save yourself the headache and move along , people . I thought I 'd be the one who got the perfect battery charger , regardless what everyone else was saying on here about melting and overheating issues . To add insult to injury , after I had contacted La Crosse support , they not only took over ' 1 week to email me a response , but they also had emailed me a tasteless , auto-generated message providing no further information except that I send -LRB- and pay for this sending -RRB- my product to Wisconsin and hope for the best.This charger is jam-packed with features , but what good are they if the charger is unable to utilise them . Melted buttons , lol.Long version : It is truly a shame that I will have to purchase another brand of battery charger , for this battery charger was quite outstanding . I read here on Amazon countless reviews about similar incidents happening regarding overheating . A large number of reviewers instructed potential buyers to stay clear of the La Crosse brand of chargers in their current state - no matter the features they offer . They even went as far as to suggest that the newer versions of the chargers you produce -LRB- the ones that supposedly do n't overheat like their predecessor models -RRB- too have intermittent overheating and safety issues . I failed to heed the warning.After several months of owning the unit - and may I add only after less than ten total uses in those several months of ownership - this BC-9009 has developed two dwarfed , melted buttons . Because of these melted buttons , I can no longer interact with Battery 3 , whilst interaction with Battery 1 intermittently works considering the difficulty of pressure required to push its button . At least the charger , itself , did n't melt . Well , perhaps I may be ignorant for I have yet to open the unit and examine what is below the casing .
 I have used this charger mostly at the lowest setting and have very successfully charged batteries on average of 4 batteries/week . Imagine my surprise when I heard an usual noise and saw my charger overheating and smoking just a few feet from where my wife was sleeping . I unplugged and quickly put the unit out of the house fearing explosion of a cell . As I look into this matter I see that others have the same experience , some with exploding batteries . Rather than buy a new unit I am looking for another brand and highly recommend you fix this problem or remove the unit from the market . I regret not having confidence in your product any longer as I thought it great , but safety is my priority and I hope you will make it yours.Sincerely , Daryl OvadiaPS - I will be posting this message on Amazon as I think others should not be subjected to a potentially life-threatening situation from something so inconsequential as a battery charger .
 I ordered one about 6 months ago . It never worked . It would initialize normally , but once batteries were put into it , the charger would reset and initialize itself every 10 seconds or so . I sent it back for replacement and after talking to the rudest customer support person , got a RMA number . They sent me a new one and this one does the exact same thing ! This is with any capacity of battery I use . Maybe the newer version is better -LRB- mine is a version 32 -RRB- , but this one is a complete disappointment .
 I bought the LaCrosse BC900 charger recently . It worked OK , though I noticed some inherent heating issues , especially at the higher charging current levels . Upon charging , the AAs would get quite hot - almost too hot to touch . One day , the charger died in a rather spectacular manner . Smoke poured from the unit and the 4 expensive Eneloop batteries being charged overheated and started to swell up . Glad I was around to notice it before this device burned my house down . I tossed this dangerous thing in the garbage -LRB- once it was completely cooled , of course -RRB- . I went back to the plain-jane Sanyo wall charger I used before.Fifty bucks is a lot of money to spend on a battery charger . Paying this kind of dough is even more of an insult when the device presents a safety hazard . Avoid this charger .
 Received the unit on a Monday from Amazon , which provided excellent , quick service . Plugged it in , inserted 4 batteries and did a `` Refresh '' to restore them . Finished the cycle a couple days later . The next day I plugged the unit in to do another set of batteries . The unit would power up to the `` Ready '' state and then reset after about 10 seconds . This happened continously , even after inserting batteries and trying to set the operating mode . I purchased this unit because I have seen it operate and believe it has good ideas . Very disappointed in the quality of the unit since it only worked once . Will try Customer Service at La Crosse .
 I just received a BC9009 and it is not working . The display flashes 2 numbers that change -LRB- such as 15 17 -RRB- and a 35 , which I assume is the version of the charger from what I have read . When I try to change the programming mode the entire unit resets itself and flashes all LCD segments on and goes back to the default state.Trying to be fair to LaCrosse , I did as their insert asked and tried to call them for support - they did n't answer , just gave me the answering machine.Then I went to their website for support . Under `` FAQ '' I received the notification that it is `` coming soon . '' Not real helpful.So I tried to get the `` Quickstart guide '' and received a PDF that said `` The Quick Set-Up is not available for this product . Please contact customer support ... `` This on the heels of the indoor/outdoor temp sensor from LaCrosse that just gave up the ghost for no apparent reason.Moral of the story - sounds like if it works , you are in good shape . If it does n't , do n't count on LaCrosse to help you out very much.I 'll try one replacement and see how that works . But they are only getting one more chance with me . ** UPDATE ** Received replacement yesterday -- it is in worse shape than the original . When plugged in it will only flash 2 numbers that continually change -LRB- supposedly data from temperature sensors -RRB- and a 35 for the revision of the firmware in the device.Buttons do n't respond to any input . INserting a battery does not change the display at all.I am simply returning for a refund -- I 'm too scared to leave batteries in this thing overnight , given the level of quality I 've seen so far . I 'd rather not start a fire -LRB- more than one BC-900 has been reported to melt down -RRB- . I 'm officially done with LaCrosse Technology !
 Inserted my charger to charge after reading the manual fully and recognized that the numbers on the screen continually flashed . After consulting the handbook i recognized that apparently the power adapter of the new unit that i bought was defective ... lucky me . . have to try to get a replacement and i do n't live in North America ... stuepssLa Crosse Technology BC-9009 AlphaPower Battery Charger
 This is a complete waste of money . Charger ran for 3 days and ` Select ' buttons 2 and 3 are now permanently depressed . Never over heated and used as directed , just poor design and build quality .
 The product discription says `` Includes 4 AA and 4 AAA rechargeable batteries , 4 C - and 4 D-size battery adapters , and a travel bag '' . I thought this as meaning adapters for charging C&D batteries in the device - not adapters for converting AA & AAA batteries to be used in C&D battery devices . Very misleading !!
 I received this after seeing all the positive reviews -LRB- but now I wonder if there 's not a bit of ballot box stuffing by a low-paid overseas crew of comment producers -RRB- . When I first tried charging the batteries , one registered as `` null '' ... bad start . After one initial charging cycle , I used the three remaining batteries , and they ran down in normal fashion . When I attempted to charge those , each registered with a `` null . '' Apparently they are now unchargeable . Well , after reading the details of a workaround explained elsewhere on this amazon page I wondered , `` what sort of product necessitates a workaround using a paper clip when a completely drained battery happens . `` Suffice it to say , a return is in order .
 Not sure how to charge AAA batteries , they seem too small . There is no support or documentation available . Can anyone help ?
 I know , I know , it said it was a AA and AAA charger . But it also said it came with 4 C and D adapters . Now since I thought this was a battery charger , I assumed that they meant it came with 4 C and D adapters that would make it so you could charge these batteries on this AA and AAA charger . That is not what they meant . They meant you could put AA 's in these adapters and they would work where you normally would need C or D batteries . It cost me money to send it back because of the misleading advertising . It also is NOT a universal battery charger if it will not charge C or D batteries .
 I bought this charger a year or so ago and charged about 6 batteries with it -LRB- I was in the process of using up all my alkaline battery before switching over to re-chargeables -RRB- . Plugged this unit in with 2 eneloop batteries and came back to find the unit smoking . Quickly killed the power to the unit . Just wanted to warn everybody of the safety concerns that might exist with this charger .
 This would be a glowing review of the product if not for the recent rash of melting BC-9009 chargers I 've personally experienced . I 'm conflicted , because I have a year-old LaCrosse BC-900 that works great and is a fantastic product , but in the past week I 've received two new BC-9009 chargers which have both overheated and melted their buttons while running the four supplied AA cells on a 1000 mA charge -LRB- 500 mA discharge -RRB- `` Test '' cycle . The chargers were straight out of the box and the cells were brand new and provided with the charger , but they both malfunctioned in the same way
 I thought I would try this charger out due to the number of reviews and the high average review . I received it and immediatly started charging . All batteries seemed to charge fine . Then on about the 3rd day I noticed one of the battery selection buttons was recessed . I thought no bid deal since I did n't use them anyway and it was charging my batteries . Well the next day 2 more of the buttons fell in . Thought this was strange and I contacted LaCrosse by email . They responded in the usual 3 days and said that this was abnormal and they would take it back , I would just have to pay for shipping to their facility in Wisconsin . Well I figured I would just return it through Amazon so I did n't have to pay for shipping.I received the exchange for the identical product from Amazon in a few days . Same thing , immediatly started charging . The second day I smelled some plastic burning and noticed it was coming from the charger . As soon as I picked it up , the 2nd battery select button fell in again . I took the unit apart and discovered that the button is a long piece of plastic about 2 inches and it touches the switch membrane on the main board . Well this was melted due to the heat that was produced by the unit . Very scary!I could understand excessive heat would be produced if I was charging at 1000mah or 2000mah , but I was only charging at 500mah ever.I talked to a friend and he had a Maha Powerex charger for years with no issues . I returned the LaCrosse for a refund and ordered the Maha Powerex MH-C9000 from another website . Been using for 3 weeks with no issues . No burning smell , not hot to the touch , a far superior product.It looks like amazon has the product under review at this time.Also the versions of both machines were the newer versions .
 I 've had a BC-900 for a little over a year . I love its capabilities . It was a 5 star until now . I do n't know what version it is , it is not shown on the unit itself . Two weeks ago it completely fried a set of 4 AA NiMH . They were bubbling hot . The BC-900 is melted in the center section . Scary . Seemed close to being on fire or exploding the batteries . I 'd like to get another one but the fire hazard is scaring me away . BTW , I called LaCrosse Tech Support and the woman I talked with said she was not aware of any such problems with it . Huh ??? Update - The original BC-900 has history of this , google it . Shortly after this , about Nov 2006 , I called LaCrosse back and requested a new unit . I sent in old one and got back totally new retail package from them . It has worked good since then -LRB- now June 2009 -RRB- . I do n't remember the version number of the first one but the second unit had a different number . LaCrosse never admitted to me they knew anything about BC-900s self destructing . But plenty of evidence that many people had problems .
 Today , after a few months of light use the Lacrosse BC-900 charger caused a major meltdown . Fortunately , I caught it in time before it started a fire , it had heated the 4 eneloop AA batteries so hot they scalded my finger and I quickley unplugged the wire from the back and used a back of a plastic comb to pry the frying hot batteries . The 4 LCD 's were still reading 200 after nearly a day , usually it switches off and they say full , after an overnight charge . I would stay away from Lacrosse after this scary experience .
 Update
 Purchased a Lacrosse Charger mainly for charging batteries for my kids toys . First few months it worked fine . One day I plugged it into the same wall socket I always used for it , put in the Lacrosse Batteries that came with it and let it do it 's thing . 20 minutes later I smelled something burning . Found out the smell was the charger . The screen had gone half black , the batteries inside it were swollen and extremely hot , too hot to touch , and the charger had melted under the batteries . The tray part of the charger where the batteries go had swollen , melted and warped . I contacted Lacrosse , and no response as of yet , so we will wait and see . I will update my review when I hear from LAcrosse support . Until then , I can not give this more than one star since it could have burned my home down .
 this charger has too many modes , and the default ones are not the best.the fatal flaw is that if your batteries are fully discharged -LRB- left in a drawer for a few months -RRB- this unit will not recharge them . lokk for the ` null ' problem for this charger on the net
 I ordered the BC-9009 , and while waiting for it to arrive started reading the many user reports on Amazon , and elsewhere on the net regarding this device melting , i.e. safety issues . Please do your research , and then make a decision . I returned mine as soon as it arrived . It did n't make sense to take a chance wondering if I 'd be the next one .
 My Sanyo Eneloop batteries just had their covers melted off . Batteries too hot to touch , had I not been aware I feel very likely a fire would have resulted .
 This product appears to be a luck of the draw . I received a blister pack v32 and it was immediately defective . After searching the internet I was informed of the problems with the laCrosse and that a newer v33 has less problems.Contacting Lacrosse support was and appears to be a simple process considering it was a new product and I have all the information . I went thru the laborious task of getting an rma and waited for the newer version.what I received was the same version and apparently the newer v33 was not available . An email exchange was also pointless as it came down to be the fact I 'm lucky to get an exchange and it was working perfectly ?! Amazon was gracious to accept a return but I do not recommend this product for anyone other than those who consider themselves to be knowledgable of rechargable batteries . From experience , I find brand name products like energizer or panasonic are better in quality than anything you hear from the internet because if things break down , you at least have an option of returning it and getting some decent support . Also they have less possibility of dying , for example my powerizer C , D ,9 v all died after a 1-3 charges and they cost over 50 dollars ! . You will save with name brand rechargables and some upsizers and 9v alkalines than you would possibily get from no name rechargables .
 I sent my BC-90009 for warranty repair.I 've been told that unit is backorder and I 'll get replacement after 6 -LRB- six ! -RRB- months or they can send me MUCH CHEAPER BC700.With no other option I agreed to get BC700 .
 Selected this charger after looking long and hard , but I must say I am sorely disappointed.It is very finicky about what batteries it will charge : * Batteries drained too low - wo n't charge . Display says `` NUL '' . I can pop them in my Maha charger and they 're good to go . One review says the 9000 will charge batteries below 0.5 V at low current until it is high enough to charge , but this is the 9009 , and I can tell you it does not have that feature . * Batteries not discharged enough - wo n't charge . Sometimes I drain my betteries only 20 % -50 % or so then want to charge them fully before heading out -LRB- e.g. , into the woods with a full flashlight , or on a trip with a full camera -RRB- . The display counts down like a timer from 200 mA to 0 and does not charge . VERY disappointed when I found I had partially charged batteries in the Canadian wilderness.Half the batteries I insert result in `` NUL '' or the mA `` countdown '' to nowhere , but can be charged in my Maha charger . Since the latter only charges in pairs , I 'm looking once again for a simple , reliable individual-cell charger . The BC-9009 is not it .
 Suffered with poor rechargeable battery performance for years and then discovered there were some chargers like the La Crosse & Maha that could improve battery output and life . Read the reviews and noted the meltdown problems of earlier La Crosse units had apparently been `` fixed '' . I chose the La Crosse over the Maha based on it 's individual read outs , accessories & price on Amazon.Unfortunately the 3rd use , to refresh a set of 4 AA 's at 500MA , resulted in a `` meltdown '' of the selector buttons rendering the charger useless . After checking with what other LaCrosse users had to say online , I learned the charger and power supply I bought in 2011 had similar markings and date codes to the `` defective '' units sold in 2010 . LaCrosse offered a new power supply as the fix ... not much good with a charger that had a warped chassis and control paned fused together ! In my estimation this charger & power supply combination are unsafe & could result in more than just a `` melt down '' if operated at high charge rates . I chose to return the item to Amazon , who are crediting me the purchase price & shipping costs , which I will use to purchase a Maha charger.La Crosse Technology BC-9009 AlphaPower Battery Charger
 I just received the 9009 Battery Charger and to my dismay it did not include the 4 AAA batteries as promised . Everything else appears to be good but disappointed it was not complete as ordered .
 This charger worked great for 4 weeks.And then it happened ! I Put 2 aaa NIMH Batteries in to be Recharged . Went to take a shower and when I came downstairs I just thought I would take a look at the status of the batteries . To my horror I saw 2 batteries with the acid leaking out of the jacket of the batteries ! little bubbles of acid coming out.I turned it off but by this time it was so hot i had to use a paper towel to remove them ! after that , I noticed the bottom of the charger where the batteries lay was melted ! WHAT !!! I called LACROSSE and they told me to send it back.I have another one on the way , ACCORDING TO THEM but i do n't know if its a new version or not.It will be here in 3 days . if its the exact same one , I do n't want it ! What would have happened if I was n't home ? I will update when I get it .
 I bought this item last December and it has been nothing but a headache . The latest issue , since receiving a factory transformer upgraded , is the charger no longer charges . Emailed La Crosse Technologies on several occasions , through there website and have had no response to date . So , if you think you may need support , you probably need to buy from some other manufacturer .
